Hello friends, Haryana's elections are at their peak, a lot of campaigning is at its peak, but I want to tell my subscribers through this video that there are some questions that I want to ask and you people also have to ask these two questions for Congress also.  And there is a more specific question for BJP, there is a specific question, there may be some uncomfortable forces for both but if it is necessary then the first question goes, the first question goes to the respected party Bharatiya Janata Party and for them first.  When we ask the top leaders only because they are campaigning then Modi ji says to Modi ji that if Congress comes then the son-in-law will loot, if earlier they had looted then the question is that the double engine government has been running for the last 10 years.  Why was it not done? It is ED, it is CBI. If the Chief Minister was put in sitting jail, then why are they afraid of the son-in-law or the son-in-law had not done anything? There can be only two reasons, there can be only two reasons, so in this case. What is the reason that the son- in-law has not actually done anything wrong, he has not done it now, so nothing can be done, we were telling such phrases and are still telling you that the robber will loot the one who looted earlier and now you are afraid that now  If you loot then your Bharatiya Janata Party government is running at the center for 10 years and is running in the state, so why did nothing go? This is the first question. Okay, the second thing is why the achievements of BJP's 10 years of state government.  He is not being counted in anything. Neither the Prime Minister is being counted nor Amit Shah ji is being counted. Khattar ji is not visible anywhere. It is okay that he is a very big person in his own right. So what is the reason behind this, a huge achievement of BJP.  I will tell you what could have happened or is there or is there something but I will also tell that they do not have the courage to speak, this is a wonderful thing, this will be higher order thinking, will you give it to the poet like this or the clapping of the poet?  Will you do what I am telling you here? Elections are coming and I am praising BJP. I am surprised at myself. You people are also surprised that you will praise BJP. Now yes, I will do it and I will tell you only that it will run off.  You know what ever, it will be fun, I will praise BJP at the end of the video. Okay, before that, now I want to ask a question to Congress. Congress says O.P. Old pension system will come, so I want to ask that which was done in 2004. You will bring the old pension system for those who were recruited later. When it was closed, how will it be accounted for the money that has been deducted from NPS for so many years? Whether to say or not, how will that money go, where will it go to them, whatever they have deducted? That was inserted, but what will happen to the element of government which was to be inserted, that too is given, this is also given, if only two are given, then it is so beneficial, how beneficial is it to whom, how will the finance be done because Bhai Saheb also said in Himachal Pradesh.  went to Himachal Pradesh  It was said there, it was not given, I agree, Himachal is not that rich, Haryana, Haryana brother, it is a cool city, not a city, it is a province, it is full of money, it is okay, Haryana gives as much GST as UP gives, Haryana is rich, I don't think there is lack of money, but this  Implementation is difficult, according to me it is not right, I am not a fan of OPSEC, sometimes people become friends, this is what we have to drive away, I am Asrani, half of Sholay is left, half is right, the rest is left.  Those who went and still survived are the same, you people are okay, those who survived after being half left and right are okay with you, Congress is saying to do 2 lakh recruitments, it feels very good, BJP has done a very good job that recruitment.  Whatever it is, this post was such that it was not worthy of being filled, the money of End children are not coming like this master  They are taking fees, closed them and posted them, consolidated the big schools, no other school would have two such schools in such a distance, it would not be a good job politically, yes master is very strong political, he would have at least 200 votes in the street inside the village. Okay, so she is playing, that is why now BJP had decided and it would be a mistake not to be able to speak in this manner, but BJP should do that you are a party of cities and the party of city people, not the party of village people. If this had happened then BJP would have been in the fight. BJP remained confused in this election because whatever good has been done by BJP, through this video I am telling people that BJP has done good work but it cannot say that because if the votes get scattered then you  Am I anti villagers, am I anti communities, am I anti teachers, am I anti that, no no, I am a Guruji man, I want the right thing to be done, the right thing will benefit the majority wherever there is 100.  Out of the 80% profit, that thing should be done, 20% is lost because resources are limited in our house, even in the country, province, if you go and give ifo to a small child, then the remaining three are sitting like this in the whole house.  Also, if you keep giving something to only one person, then it has to be done jointly, so according to me, it was fine, but you cannot claim it, okay, one more good thing was done, in the implementation of which they did such a thing.  Did it because BJP focused on this idea. Well, some bureaucrat gave praise to that bureaucrat too. The basic essence of Parivar Pehchan Patra was that many people are taking advantage of illegitimate schemes in Haryana and they don't deserve it. Many people are like this. So create some identity by linking everyone's Aadhaar in the family identity card so that whenever you have to take any government schemes, it is linked to it and your income can be known from it like classical. Do the thing of your mind and no income tax payer with brain, discretion and consciousness can ever prove it wrong that if you want to buy a car worth Rs. 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 30 lakh, one crore, then you can buy a car through family identity card.  Give the letter, he will link that if this car is owned in your family, then in someone's family, brothers and sisters, if a car worth 10, 15, 20 lakhs is bought in the name of father, mother or children, then  Should they get some scheme of Rs. 000? Should they get free ration and rice from the government? Shouldn't they get it? They also have the power to buy your car. It's like if you are visiting Switzerland, then why don't you put Rs. 000 behind the schemes?  It should be that M was the same but M was this, so I could never explain the benefit in it and people kept saying what is the benefit, what is the benefit, you have made a wrong entry, you have made a wrong entry.  That's why I said that if the execution is bust then the whips are coming right. The idea of ​​the government was good, the idea of demonetization was also good but the execution was nonsense, I didn't know how to do it, that's why I didn't know how to do it, I do n't have the capability to do rotor thinking, I do n't have the idea, someone gave me the idea.  It felt good to hear the idea, in Chavadi Bazaar, business ideas are available by the kilo. People also say to me that I also give, but the whole problem is with me and others.  I will also give the idea properly on my other channels. Is there a problem in the execution? If there is no execution then the execution has not been done. According to me, it was a very good thing. The property ID card was also mismanaged.  People have cried terribly because the execution was bad It should go to the blockchain level of Property ID It's happening in UAE It's happening in Dubai I'm Into  We should take real estate to the blockchain level so that it can be completely secured, whose property was it, when did it belong to anyone, how was the security done and we should go in that direction and should go towards technology so that they stay here only. Now it has become such that any next government will never be able to correct these two things, so that is the popular one, I am saying that the genuine man, the poor man, whom genuine  There is a need, open the coffers and open them for that, but if 90 out of 100 880 people are not deserving, then reduce their taxes. Brother, Haryana is not a poor state. Right now, people are rushing to seek elections in Haryana, to seek votes from the workers. There are so many big cars here, but if he doesn't have any skills, then despite being the best, he couldn't do it and if you tell me about his achievements, then he has nothing to say, Neel.  Bate Sannata, that Hooda Hooda Saheb is our Deependra ji, he can still tell stories, brother, I did AIIMS, brother, I was in medical college, but I did AIIMS in Jhajjar, brother, I did IM, till I cried, brother, you did everything till you cried. Hey brother, this is Haryana, I did it as much as a fist, then it became common in Rohtak, so it is not possible for Hisar's Chhora to come, it cannot be done, there is no benefit, it is just this much, I did it in Rohtak.  Make Rohtak the capital. From my side, she is crying loudly about real estate, but how do the results come? Do you want to talk about the results as well? Constance, will you do one thing that these people have done very wrong, I am very upset.  You have done saffronisation of Haryana with BJP, religion has not started in Haryana, its reason is that you have not understood Haryanvi even in 10 years and I am not talking Jat.  Where people are not and you are Jat and I am talking about Haryanvi by speaking, Haryana people of 36 communities are a little different, these are nice, they are okay, they don't understand, they come in the heart, they don't understand, okay and BJP has failed very.  Bad in that, even in 10 years, you have not been able to understand the religion, you know all those things, whatever happens, whatever happens, you are not there, brother, 10 years old.  You should have been fighting inside, brother, you are on one side, BJP, either the farmers don't know what you say, brother, tell the farmers whatever they have to say, otherwise what are you saying, but you are on one side, double the income of the farmers.  We will do this to the farmers, we will do this to the farmers, Kangana is speaking with a loud pea mouth and this law should come again. Once it is clear that brother, we do not like farmers, okay, earlier also BJP was Maniya's party, BJP is the same again.  Some and big but still the core is the same, so don't confuse your core, when even your Baniyas will not vote, even Brahmin brothers will not vote, no one will vote, then yes you would have sat down and done something because at the time of religion which  They were doing things, that caste has come in between, now people don't even know the syllabus, Jats have been converted into Muslims in Haryana, what happens sometimes, Haryana shows the way to the country, Modi ji's rice was not the same in the Rewari rally in 2013. And I was present in that rally and what a wonderful atmosphere it was. I am talking about 2013. Okay, what were the people and what was the enthusiasm. And brother, I am also quite loud, my voice is quite as loud as the workers used to cheer. No, they left Gurgaon fed up, today I am telling you that they were fed up, Congress arrogance, corruption, Modi ji, Modi ji, I still remember this, at that time there were no phone phones, otherwise, they made some video and audio, that doesn't mean anything.  Yes and all this was not like this, I remember it was a B phone or it did not have data or it did not have GB, there was some trouble, I do not remember, it has been 11 years but brother, it was the beginning, why am I telling that thing to Haryana? Because Haryana leads India. Yes, Haryana is not 90 seats, Haryana is not 10 seats, Haryana is not 2.5 crores, Haryana is an emotion and here it is said that the government which is in the center in the last 60 years is in Haryana.  It is said like this, it is okay, this has not happened in two-three years, I do not believe in this, I say that the government that is in Haryana comes here, you understand my point, this is Haryana to Haryana, Haryana will show the way and BJP will insist on money.  Put this put Don't go down without a fight and I am very very sure Gujarati and Amit Shah ji and Narendra Modi know this, he has roamed in Haryana, he is not even replying Namaste to Khattar ji, now Modi ji was friendship, that, that.  Friendship became expensive, Modi ji, after 5 years, even 2 years ago, he would have changed Naib Saini ji. If you look at the face of Naib Saini ji, many people like him, you have not understood the people of Haryana, the people of Haryana are like this, they scold their leader.  If you scold the leader and say something wrong directly and the leader listens to six things out of 10 and if the leader scolds you wrongly in four, then you are a popular leader in Haryana that brother, the other one has heard six of them but the next one also has power because  If he listens to all then you are the leader of the week. I am giving out the paper today. Psychology of Haryana. Six things. People of Haryana, why don't you ask for votes. Will you tell me? What has come like this? Haryana is very lovely, no matter how it looks, people of Haryana are not afraid.  Is it from someone and should take advantage of this thing, leaders have a clean heart, forgive in two minutes, if you apologize then it is right, not arrogance, if you will remain in arrogance, then come brother, I will do this for five days too.  Four days are left, give it a try, BJP people will also go and apologize with folded hands, this will save the mess from being cleaned up, many people will say, brother, are you an agent of Congress or are you an agent of BJP, you only tell me. Whose agent am I? This is my claim. I am Guruji, I am a man. Whoever takes my knowledge can take advantage of it. We want everyone to take benefit, everyone should benefit. Okay, so Congress should also ask questions. Let BJP tell you, fight.  show me your tricks friend  The election will be won a little, BJP has made it independent here, every other person in Haryana is speaking, the man from Haryana is so smart, he knows why you have fielded an independent, go and apologize, Kamal Gupta ji is the Prime Minister of BJP, candidate from Hisar.  Did he hold a rally there, neither did he greet him, nor did he take his name, nor did he call him on the stage, nor did his photo appear in the poster? Why was Modi ji in Hisar? This question is a very innocent question, to make Savitri ji Lal ji win.  It is mine, hey, I am the biggest leader, so I will not raise my hand like this. Oh brothers and sisters, he did not even say to put a button on the lotus symbol. He has to put it on the symbol of the lotus. Why did he not say that Kamal Gupta ji has to win and if he loses by so many.  If there is a candidate then Savitri Jindal ji should have been given ticket to his son in BJP, meaning the public is such that if he is a son then mother is fighting from there in BJP and he is not there but if Kamal Gupta ji has also been given ticket then BJP will have 89 votes.  There is no candidate so one of them has surrendered. 125 BJP candidates are contesting for Gopal Kanda from 89 seats in Haryana and the people of Haryana are very smart but if Haryana loses then it will be the turn of the tide and  One should realize this thing through an event and then from inside like a gun, it is said right from inside BJP, so 8th date is there any advantage by making it 8th according to Numol, is it 8th October?  Do n't do it because that day is also Air Force Day and there is a grand air show in Chennai, so all the news channels should show the air show instead of showing Haryana's defeat, which is happening, as I had predicted so many days ago. I analyse, brothers and sisters, no one does it like that, is the result of the 8th just like that, and the chosen four days were delayed due to this and luckily your people missed many more holidays and those days were delayed in such a way that then prefix suffix  back and forth small  He took leave and went away and the atmosphere became anti-you. Either you should have kept the date earlier and then changed it. Yes, I know, I remember I told you to do it, but now it seems that even after doing so, he may have given wrong advice at times.  It is not like that because later when we come to know what is happening, it looks like a flip flop. I would like, brothers and sisters, that some leader should emerge. BJP has kept many leaders for a long time, Rao.  There is no benefit in keeping Inderjit ji. Such leaders are emerging in Ahirwal. Weak leaders are not getting any benefit in Ahirwal by keeping him. They still say that this has happened in Gurgaon, Gurgaon has become a garbage dump.  I am so dirty, what should we do in this? We are in the center and we told the state government like this, Hey brother, then why are you coming to ask for votes?  Why are you coming and campaigning? Bolo bhai mere dore kuch na hai then what is the difference between you and us, I am also speaking, I request the incoming state government that brother, if we also speak, then why are you MP?  Make us for this, we will raise our voice in the Parliament so much that if I am the MP of Gurgaon, then Gurgaon should become Singapore and whatever will happen,  Government, but it is the same, then how come you are not like this, you are speaking to become like this, you did not say anything, Aarti ji wanted to get the ticket, that was the only interest, Rao Inderjeet, you have no ambition, Rao Inderjeet, the leader who has no ambition. Never ignore that leader, never ignore such a leader who says, I will become the CM, I will do it like this because we need a person who is not able to ask for anything for himself, what will he do to you brother in the elections?  Do you understand that whatever leader of BJP is there today, it is not like we will do any good, Rao Narveer ji is showing good body language, it is a compliment to him, if you watch the video, he is showing good body language.  The language is good, we will see who will win, the election is very tight, I live in Gurgaon, the channel is from Gurgaon like this brother, I don't know who is winning, no matter how much you talk to people, it is not from Gurgaon.  It is known that the wind is like this or it is like this, rest of the things are fixed, however, BJP is saying that if you ask any five seats, no one can tell which BJP is going to win by shot, including sitting CM's Ladwa seat is in danger.  Anil Vij ji's seat is in danger. Abhimanyu ji's seat is in danger. Even within Gurgaon, there is no certainty as to who will win. The matter is tight, but the people of Gurgaon or the people of the state have to see what about whom now.  These were the questions, just ask brother, how are these people doing? These people were like son-in-law, you can't even count your 10 achievements in 10 years, 10 achievements or this government run, you have created something.  If you people had built four flyovers in Gurgaon, if the expressway of Dardar has been built, then Gadkari ji has done this to the state government, till date the service lane has not been built, the site of the landfill has not been built till date.  They were not to be found in 103 sector and were to be built here and there, but it has been removed, now it is not being built, but sometimes they will build it here, sometimes they will take the land fee there, sometimes they will take it there, all the builders are scared, the whole public is scared, what are they doing?  Hey friend, this is the situation going on. What would you say about the Waste Management Act? They had imposed the Emergency Act. What happened in Gurgaon, because of that Act, it turned Rena into a garbage dump. Will some work be done? Agniveer of some kind was engaged.  Yes, the children here had the opportunity to join the army, they did this, look at the accounts of the wrestlers, they have disgraced a community which is only on pride, to which I can openly say, Jats are fine in Haryana, what should they call Jats?  Don Kya 2 A 16 Instead of saying Kya, instead of saying Cha Dni Aa, there are some sayings like Jaat, Jat is called Jat like this, Jats are just adam, such proverbs have been made as button Jat.  In Stand for Justice Action and Truth also a community which lives on pride had to speak only two sweet words like many do not speak with love. Grandmother used to say son has eaten churma and asked if he is happy whose churma has been digested these days. Would have given some respect also.  It is not given that if you keep it by rubbing then you have kept everyone by rubbing it, you have made it Haryanavi, why did you do it, why did you do it? Jats from UP come here to make you happy.  You could have done a little, you could have told some story but you thought that I will win the rest of the votes. After telling them all of them gathered together, they showed that the community has leadership traits.  If it is not found even after ringing, I appeal to all the 36 communities of Haryana to give a thumbs up to a good person. If you are not able to find a good person then go and vote for the one who is least bad among them.  Must be seen, vote on 5th, vote on NOTA, press the button, there are two horses in the race, focus on one of those horses, do n't be a bottomless fool and there is one more request to the people of Haryana, a lot of money is being thrown away, your honor.  To buy tickets, I am not clear about one information in this, many of you will give clarity, see, Guruji also needs clarity in many things, I want to ask that people are saying.  That votes are being sold, some are saying even 000, some are saying 2000, some are saying 10000, all the talk of votes is going on. I want to ask in practice how it is actually bought. Suppose someone wants to buy my vote and gives 000.  Gave and I replied yes, suppose I am speaking as an example and then how will that proof be that I have given it only, meaning how will this be, I mean technical.  Is this an error because if someone is dividing two candidates and someone takes both of them, then how will there be a proof? Is there any system, brother, which I do n't know because I am very curious, I am very surprised as to how this is happening, can you give me an idea?  Guess how the political parties which are running in the air are running in Sirsa side also, they are running in two-four i.e. five-six constituencies, they are not running in all of them, at least one expense.  There is a lot going on so there is no dearth of money in Haryana and if Haryana is spending so much then it has to be seen who is the poor and who is the poor then to whom is this 5 kg rice being distributed who has come from Bihar and settled here.  Who are the plots being distributed to? I can see so much money being bought. First of all, I would like no one to take money. Many people say no. Take the money but don't vote.  Don't give to these people  S. A. Astrology is telling me, don't take this money, it will come out 50 times through blood. Many people say that Aam Aadmi Party's Kejriwal shouts slogans like this, brother, take the money from them, vote for us, I am Guru ji telling, man, their money.  Don't take this money, it's not like you can get a crore, no one is giving one vote, but don't take this money, your age will be 50 times as soon as you take it, the astrologer is saying with folded hands with love, don't take money from anyone but one.  asking about technicality  I wonder how do these people take the money and ensure that they vote for us? It means curiosity. Is there any mechanism there or is it just based on faith that if they take it then brother will give it because these are the last two-three days, anyway, this is the Shraddha.  It is the time of Navratri, do not drink alcohol during these times, after drinking alcohol, I will vote for someone, do not do this, this is not the time to consume such things, so have a little sattvik mind, whoever you think is a good person.  Make him win, I feel like taking the name of half the candidates, make him win, but till now I have not done any campaigning, I am not campaigning for anyone, but there is one person who is the only person from the same party, who is giving hints somewhere.  Look at him, he is the right man on Viwari's side, sometimes he does not match the thinking of the party he belongs to, I say, it is absolutely nonsense, the thinking of that party, but sometimes what happens is that the party is wrong. yes man is right  What happens sometimes is that a person is wrong and the party is right. I personally believe that humans should make the right choice. The day we humans make the right choice, politicians will automatically be forced to choose good candidates rather than these.  No winning candidates or caste equations or compulsion or whoever threw more money then go after the person, go after the candidate and this is what the public should do. The candidate should be good, your criteria is yours only.  The parameters are: Check which candidate do you like and the good candidate will win. The party which has fielded good candidates will win. And this is what we want, this is what we want, so let's see what happens and do put this question in the comment section.  Do ask and the results will be awaited very eagerly, however, opinion polls will start coming on the 5th itself. Opinion or exit polls will show what happened to whom and how much, and if you enjoy these elections,  Let's stay good and after that there will be Maharashtra elections and let's see whether Haryana will lead the tide again. Haryana has shown the way to this country. All the major events take place here. It is a small state. Kurukshetra has also chosen this. Has anyone done this till date?  Asked that brother, this Hastinapur was in UP, okay, Hastinapur was there, then why did he come to fight in Kurukshetra, they used to fight with their shoes and did not give the field or is it more here, no one asks, this Panipat is in Panipat World History of India in Panipat  The history of India has changed three times - 1526, 1556 and 1761. Apart from that, there is another battle which is Battle of Tarai. It again comes in the area of ​​Karnal. If you know, in 1191 and 1192, it had changed the course, then Haryana is the only such state in India. Who decides the destiny of Hari country and as a Haryanvi I have a stake of pride in it and I think whoever does it will do well.  And it will be good, we will see what will happen, we will know on 8th October, we still know on 5th October, but brother, we are saying that BJP should make the match interesting, BJP people should apply force, where are your leaders, where are your leaders, where are your leaders.  Chief Minister of 1.5 years, he doesn't even come on the stage, he does n't even come to bat, what is this, I am surprised, yes, it is okay, you should have changed it 2 years ago, it would have been a mistake, what happens sometimes, only then they say. Many people say that there is a family, they call the family members like this, Modi ji does not have a family, but no one has a family, if someone goes into his mouth in the name of a friend, then it is visible that the state is going away because of friendship.  Modi ji's friendship in the matter has cost BJP, Haryana is the most powerful state of India, where governance has a Chaudhary feel in itself because Haryana is all about Chaudhary, every person here is a Chaudhary whose  The one who has a Chaudhary Hut on Chaudharys is called the real king. The Mughals did not mess with the Haryanvi people, neither did the British before that, they used to loot Balban's camels. Whenever they used to go to Hisar, they used to loot the camels of Rot Kale Balban. Now they used to loot them.  All things in very short notes of history because it's a dozen make too many great this thing but we are a very good student of history and maybe I want to become a teacher also.  I would like to share some interesting history for you people which you have not read but it exists and can be checked by doing it also through any good book. Arjun Kadyan ji is a naam g karna, his is a book on Haryana. I am completely blank, I don't know which one it is, I don't know the name of the author, Arjun Kadyan Book on Haryana is very amazing book, every Haryanvi should read it, I have read it, I have made notes and it is very good about the people of Haryana.  In this you get to know what the people of Haryana are, if my prediction is that if any province in this country, in how many years in the next year, I don't know, if it can become as per Europe then Haryana is the best qualified best qualified to become.  Age close to Europe, looking at the income of Europe, it will be too much, okay, it will not be there even in the next 25 years, but if there is anyone within this state, then it is one, the size is limited, governance can be good, there are hardworking people, proximity.  There is already money to daily, it is not that we have to get out of poverty, there is already a lot of money, a lot is going, so I have a lot of hope from our Haryana, you people should also be there and India needs to watch Haryana and Haryanvi, it is okay, don't think that  This small state is worth 2.5 crores, what is it, which is more interesting than Maharashtra that I can tell it will set the tone for Maharashtra also and now  Last over is left to start. If you want to become Mahendra Singh Dhoni, BJP people, then see something, do something, there is still one advice and sometimes what happens is that nothing has to be done, even today you have to join hands, if you join hands then vote bank will be on 5.  It will increase in five, you can avoid getting cleaned, you will have to apologize publicly, apologize as they say, I am not speaking like that, I am speaking with love and even an apology is not an insult, a person from Haryana. Brother, it would be a mistake to say sorry. Brother, it would be a mistake. If you don't understand, then this is all I have to say. People are sitting here with big hearts, it is not like that, but try. Ego and arrogance are something wicked, people of Haryana.  They do n't tolerate at all, they don't tolerate it at all, yes they themselves sound like this, but the people of Haryana themselves are not arrogant, they are very sweet, the people of Haryana are very sweet, it seems to people that Rude 's voice is like this, what to do now brother? So much blood has been shed here, love, blood in the soil here, blood in the soil, which Sultan's song is this? The amount of blood that has been shed here has not been shed on any other land in India, so some people start learning comedy in these terms of adversity and  They do not cry, they are not afraid, it is okay that the people of Haryana are afraid, if they are not afraid, then this is one thing, it means that the people of Haryana cannot be scared, they can be misled or misled, and being misled is also not a good thing, I will suggest to the leaders. Amuse the people of Haryana, amuse the people of Haryana, they are very lovely people, okay, and make the match interesting, it will be fun to watch, this is the good taste of democracy, okay, BJP is known for it, BJP is known for not going down without a fight, BJP is  Some one great thing I like about BJP is that it does not give power on a platter like Congress, Congress is like this, enough is enough, brother, take this, brother, take it, this is not in our power, brother, like this. They have surrendered here in Maharashtra, where in Madhya Pradesh we all surrender, the Congress people, the BJP people do not do that, that is good they do the fight and till the last moment it seems that the reason will put a will pull out a rabbit from.  The hat is fine, it seems that we also feel that no matter how many analysts there are, they will also play something like this or the meaning is correct, then Amit comes in the name of Amit Shah ji. And AMIT in English, you can search the meaning of this name and write it in the comment section, you will know from the meaning, what is its meaning and write it in the comment section, then you will understand it yourself, so let's see Amit.  Shah ji will be able to do something because more people are coming to his rally and people are not coming to Modi ji's rally. I am surprised but not so surprised because people associate Modi ji with Khattar ji. Amit Shah ji. is not  Friend of Khattar ji Khattar ji, now has Amit Shah ji ever been promoted? Joke, only one rank is left, for him Khattar ji knows everything, but for Amit Shah ji, still people like 'Chal bhai hai mota bhai', they would have listened.  Something is right but they are not listening to Modi ji because Modi ji and Amit Khattar ji have become one, they have kept Khattar ji missing. Okay, so this is some mistake made by BJP and if they had done this correction earlier then it would have made a lot of difference. I feel like this Naib Saini  Had it been made a year earlier, it would not have been in such a bad condition. What do you guys think? Write in the comment section and what do you guys think, people of Haryana, who is winning and how many seats are coming to whom? We will also take cognizance as to how many out of 90 seats are coming to BJP and how many to Congress. The remaining seats will be of Independents, so please do write in the comment section. Will you like the channel and the selection in Haryana is on top.  If you are sitting in Orissa then it is Sanu's side or if you are sitting somewhere else then it is Sanu's side. Haryana is very important because Himachal is with BJP but not already in Punjab.  BJP has nothing to do with Jammu and Kashmir, they are not coming to Delhi, Aam Aadmi Party is not going to let them win, so brother, there is another state around Delhi, Haryana, if it goes, then what will be the next number, brother of Rajasthan?  Sir, after becoming the President, Modi ji had to leave, so in 2027, even those votes will not be there, so put in some effort, like, share, enjoy and write one more thing in the comment section, if I write you as an agent of BJP, then write BJP. Agent of BJP, Agent of BJP i.e. BKA and I look like Congressman, then write that, if I look like Congressman and Guruji L type, then write Guruji, I consider myself Guruji, but according to me  What do you people believe in this and tell me if it is okay and if you enjoy it then do tell me. Even if you don't like it then tell me. We will bring some more enjoyable content for you people. Like and share. Thank you very much.