Hello friends, I will tell you two interesting political observations, one in Haryana and one in Bihar. Let us first start from our state, the observation from Haryana. The interesting observation is that the cabinet portfolios have been given in Haryana. A new government has been formed. What is interesting in it is that the Home Ministry.  Both Finance and Finance portfolios which are the most important portfolios are kept by the CM himself. Normally this does not happen, historically because the Home Ministry is in charge of someone else.  Finance is also there and remains idle, so it is interesting, that is why I said, how good it will be in the future, time will tell, but now there will be no other power center in Haryana Government like Vidji, he has been given such a transport ministry. Earlier it was the Home Ministry, now I do n't know how much resentment they will show, how they will show it. Aarti Rao ji has been given health, yet it can be said that yes, it seems to be something big. Other wise, it is Sharma ji who lives from Gohana, which gives him  Jail Ministry is only the Jail Minister, if you see, very small ministries have been given very small things, CM Saheb has also kept 12 different things for himself, that is, Haryana will be run by CMO and it will be CEO style like a corporate.  There is a CEO style inside, let's see how the power center will be, it is not a multiple up, now it cannot be said that it is from that place, it will not be like this, it is a new model, let's see how it is, I have very high hopes, that Bhoodan and  all this  These kind of things are also under CM Saheb, so that means whatever things are there, they are with CM Saheb only, other people have also been given something or the other, yes, you are also a minister, mostly you would have been given a car, a bungalow.  I have got status and all that, there are so many ministers, so this shows that there is no great thing in becoming a minister, sometimes this is a fact, so this was a new interesting, second interesting, let's go to Bihar in Bihar.  Interesting what is happening in Jan Suraj, you must have heard the name of Prashant Kishore ji's party has been launched, out of which he is giving assembly ticket to a retired Vice Chief of Army Staff from Bihar and he is an interesting politician coming out of Bihar.  Will come where the whole system was run on the basis of caste and Prashant Kishore ji had promised that he will show his candidates by beating them and the leader from Bihar is a Singh Saheb who is standing now. Sinha Saheb is right, so a person retired from a very big post, if he is bringing him in like this, then I would call it the beginning of a fresh politics, that is, the second thing of his is another good thing about Jan Swaraj that his Every month, every year, sorry, every year there will be a change of President, like we used to read in history, there was a time for Congress, not every year, it used to be Adhi, in 1929 it will become this, in 30 it will become Jawaharlal Nehru.  Sometimes someone else will become one and we must have studied a lot in GK, you must have studied history, so this is the kind of system that the original Congress had which is coming which is very welcome and in that also we will change it by the turn of upper caste Muslims.  Dalits and OBCs, there is rotation there too. Another interesting thing that seems to be happening is that it will be like the concept of primary in the US elections where you can vote for Republican Party.  Or before becoming the final candidate of the Democrat Party, you have to contest elections within your party as well, in which we have seen that it is okay among ourselves that this and that always remain the same, so in the same way, six months before the elections, such an election.  This will happen in which party workers will vote off-course and a candidate will be selected from it. If such things had happened in Haryana, then Congress would have got 10-12 more seats instead of the high command sitting on its own.  Before dividing the last movement like this, this democratization of political parties is very very important for our democracy. It is not like Supro keeps saying what is the command, what is the higher command, what is the command, she will decide or one leader will be outsourced. On the franchise model, if you distribute it in this state then this person becomes your nearest licker, then whoever is your actual worker in that state.  The one who is following your ideology, is walking in the sun, has no power left, otherwise if this model works, then it is the spark of the beginning, it will force other party people also into helplessness and today I am  It seems that if you are in Bihar, then if you become a worker of Jan Swaraj and follow this thing genuinely, see what happens, many new ideas come, people come with very good feelings.  Are But the stories that the main thing is in the execution have been heard, but what happened like Congress had conducted a survey during Haryana elections but distributed the tickets in such a way that where the survey was distributed in the name of survey, it was a wrong survey and lost there.  And the rest of the seats were distributed in the same way, somewhere we lost by 32 votes, somewhere we lost like this, dividing and dividing seats is very important, so the way Prashant Kishore ji is coming towards that. Initially there were allegations beyond that this is BJP's B team or someone big has its money and where is it coming from but all those things are also going away now, now the contest that will take place in Bihar will become very interesting. Because there are already many players in it, Nitish Kumar is a player in itself, BJP is a big player in itself, Congress comes among the smaller players, Ram Vilas ji's son is there, okay his party is LJP, that too is JDU, a big party in itself and  he is  CPI(M) also runs there on its own and there are many small parties too, one of which is Jitendra Ram's and there are many different parties and along with that, independents are also very important there, there are individuals like Pappu Yadav, Apna.  They win in that already crowded place, their coming will be an additional interesting thing and they can definitely influence the election, in whose favor will they be, what will happen, although they are saying that we are the only ones.  Now such a new party will be formed to form the government. If elections can be formed so soon within a year, then it will be very big in itself, so we will see in the coming time whether this kind of party that is being formed is politics. Like the channel and subscribe, you must have seen some more videos also, I come here from time to time, doing my own little world, there was a video, I got a lot of love from you guys, I really liked the subscribers like this.  Videos will keep coming like a snack in between, on politics channel like there are current events and issues, they will keep coming beyond that and you people will keep enjoying if people are in the comments.