Hello friends, two serious issues which the general public needs to focus on and discuss and start discussing and asking questions. I will tell you about two things because the attention of the public is diverted somewhere else. A few days ago, Anant Ambani ji's wedding was held.  India had the World Cup, then now the budget has come, now again there will be some elections, in between that, there were issues of Kavad Yatra, brother, all this is not of much use. I am telling you the useful thing, now listen to it because it gradually affects us a lot. The first thing is the increase in terrorist activities in Jammu and Kashmir and the martyrdom of many of our soldiers. If you look from June 78 till now when this  Video is being recorded till 28th July so many of our martyrs have been martyred. There have never been so many in such a short time. The figure and number will look like this around number 15 but isolated incidents have become very high and these are the incidents. If you check the different incidents that have happened, you will come to know that there have been 10 to 12 incidents, the number of injured is different and what is problematic this time is that not so many from the other side have been caught and killed. That is even a matter of concern and there is something else in it which is considered to be a public private thing which cannot be told in the public domain due to sensitivity.  The action is taking place by sitting, this time they are saying whether they are militants or all the trained soldiers, retired people there or who else and what are the issues in strategy and tactics from our side that these are happening one after the other.  One thing is happening after this because what happens is that security forces and armed forces get martyred, everyone has a lot of respect but at some stage mistakes have to be made and higher ups have to be asked.  What are you doing because sometimes it seems that politicians are so much busy in elections. I feel that the number two leader of our country is so busy in UP, Yogi and his are going on and in the upcoming elections.  That brother, there is no focus here when how has the enemy country changed its tactics at one place, if there are 3040 people in one place, like what happened last time inside Uri or in Pulwama.  So they know that the threshold has been crossed. These thresholds are not crossed. Two people, one person, it seems as if a car has met with an accident, the bridge has broken, then that does not make news in the country, right? Even at the officer level, junior officers and soldiers are getting martyred, so there is not so much noise, one comes from within, gets published somewhere in the newspaper, there is a little anger from within, but by then the next news comes because one  Do one two one two one two one two now we don't have to accept even one two and there should be an uproar beyond this and these news channels Godi Media have changed the tuning if you see in the last two four five six days they have also changed the tune.  I know that now there is no benefit in supporting the ruling party, this is probably for all you know, but we have to pay attention to these things too which are important, there will be no discussion on these during Kavad Yatra.  Now, by the grace of God, what is going on perfectly, no such big issue has been raised as they were saying that it would happen. BBC has given a very good report on that, there is absolutely no problem at the ground level, there is no problem in the entire brotherhood.  Everyone is doing their own good work as much as it was to make it and I had made a very good video in it, I was the only one, someone may have said that many people don't watch the whole thing, I had told in the end that everyone should get Dada's photo installed.  Get your PAN card and Aadhaar done, I had also said the same and nothing is going to happen and that is what happened. The second issue which I want to raise is a very big issue according to me. The second issue which I want to raise is carefully.  Listen, those government servants can also join RSS. RSS has been considered a cultural organization. First of all, it is not registered. There was no rule in 1966 or 67 that they were not allowed to join.  It has been removed. We know that RSS is the parent organization of BJP. If we can speak, then it is political. Even if it cannot be done on paper, it is political. If like this in the open, government servants are like this.  If you go, then he will become a carder, then he will become a carder, then to tell all the political parties, come up with such an organization and tell them.  Join the state government which will not do then it will be seen it is something like no like adding liquor is not allowed ok so how do people add through proxy they will remove the soda or remove the CD back piper soda or something and there are actors in it  Will come and add, everyone knows what is being ad, join everybody, do the outsider, do this, do that because RSS has a very big role.  In postings, in promotions, in appointments of Vice Chancellors, this is an open secret. No one can say that it does not happen, and who has links with whom, only they will go up, so this has become a formalization, it is not that this  Were waiting for the rule, that affiliation still exists and it is not that it does not exist with other parties but there would be some degree of difficulty because now it can happen that if we accept this  There are 100 officers and out of them 70 have joined, there are associates and photographs have been taken, so these are ours, those who don't join are not ours, those who are not ours, then what will happen to them now? People will feel pressurized tomorrow.  If a new one comes then it will also be like this, it will be a scheme, yes, join it, your conscience and wisdom will be awakened, join the organization here, it is a very good organization for the country because what has happened to the government.  It seems that RSS has become very angry because that statement of Nadda Saheb had come out that we do not need RSS, BJP will be very big, then it has to eat the cake, then Mohan Bhagwat ji also gave speech and lecture.  Well, I have heard about it, and what now is that this is my personal opinion of RSS, okay, I do not have any data on these things, there is no trend visible that many children want to come with them.  They want to come like earlier it used to be that let's do some exercise, we are getting to learn something or something like that, now this has to be done directly by government officials, Congress has created a bit of hue and cry on this but the public has said something.  You haven't done much, you tell me, start going wearing white pants and that pant and that cap, this is office dress only, what happened when I joined the organization, I can wear dress now, like this shirt, this is my big I have this channel  The logo has been made like this, I am promoting myself, okay, this is mine, this is mine, I am not doing it for anyone else, okay, if you start wearing that too, then there is allusion in it, no.  Because look, there is no such dress for a government employee to go to the office which is inside civil, I am not talking about the people in uniform, anyone can wear what is inside civil and the world wears white shirt. what's the problem with that white  Shirt, now wear that pant, tell him that it is necessary, that it is the same, and take off the cap and keep it, and if you want to wear it sometime in between, then wear it, it is just fine and we are not facing any problem with this thing, how because of that person, he has no  A government official may have a personal ideal because they are all children of humans, they have the right to vote, they have their own opinions and their idol may also be that of their family, but how can you display this thing publicly?  How can it be that I am associated with it, then the work of all your officers will be done in the same way as we see the Speaker in the Parliament. You know, Speaker Sahib, he is supposed to be Speaker Sahib, but you know, all those officers are  Also, if they start looking like this then how will the public feel about it? Tomorrow if they come to do something against someone from BJP or nothing is happening somewhere or there are only people from the opposition or because these days what is there with the elections.  Address  It becomes a question of which ward gave where, that he gave and this one gave, this is against us and against him, now the officer has also been made to sit there, it is supposed to be neutral and the athlete appears to be neutral, look neutral, so let me tell you, it is a matter of saying. Nothing happens, everyone has something or the other. Opinion is fine but you should appear to be like that because they do it and then the judges also can.  Do it the lawyers can do it The government lawyers can do it Every buddy in the government organization can do it now in the government organization If I am the officer and I have joined like this and attend activity I have control of 500 200 people under me Chapada Se  From the clerk to all the people in every system, I will tell them through gestures and gestures that if you are going then you will  If you don't want to go, then this is AR. Do you understand what I am talking about, how arrogant it is to formalize it. Hey brother, we were secretly talking about it, what can anyone do with it, can anyone do anything with anyone, Amitabh.  I liked Bachchan, I liked Shahrukh Khan, I liked you, you can't go and change, there is some big opinion and ideology, and in the same way, any person can have their own opinion, but there is something within your duty, right? That when you will separate it or not, brothers and sisters, I am supposed to be neutral, RSS is political, even if it is not, it does not mean political, it is a cultural thing, oh man, amazing man, no one is speaking ahead, oh you, join me then.  Leave the job, become a preacher, walk on the path, what to do on these two boats, who forbade you to join, only after retirement, or are you busy with a job in between, do you feel like joining politics? Bye all. Means join RSS join any party and as soon as they do that, how many IS are there which are their points, this one has now become Lieutenant Governor, one IAS has recently been made, if you google who is the party then now it means it will be like this that if this ideology  If you are here, then while you are in the service, get associated with this ideology publicly and prove that yes, this is what we are and after that you will also get a reward. We want to show that no, it used to be like this only.  During the time of Congress, it used to be like this, I am not denying it, I am not a fan of Congress, when did I say that it would not have happened with Congress, it did not happen earlier, but brother, so much brazenness, so much in your face because no one came and interrupted it.  It's something like that, no, there is no interruption. If there is no interruption to anything, then it happens. Yes, it definitely happens, meaning, it is like that, yes, it definitely happens. It is something like that, yes, is there a film industry in this also? Yes, this is what happens in this.  Would  It is like this, it is like this, it is like this, this is the casting couch, it is like this, it happens there when we accept everyone everywhere in life and those people, it happens, yes, it definitely happens here, that's it.  The country will also accept, why are we accepting now? Why can't we say that brother, this should not happen and if it should happen, then work openly, otherwise Congress should also open some ideological organization of its own, okay TMC.  open it up too They have also opened which one, tell me their name and yes, there is an order that they can join, tell them, then make them a platform, become an open worker, wear the cap of a common man, where there is a government in Punjab, it is of a common man. Come on and say that if there is a common man's government, then all these government employees are common people, if not then tell me, my idol ji, come to Karnataka where there is a Congress government, then there they also say that you can wear ours or not.  wear it and see this  What is happening? I am surprised. What is happening? Are you not surprised at what is happening openly? How is it happening? Why is it happening? Have you not raised your voice against it? You have the nerve to do politics.  Then why don't you ask RSS, there are many NGOs from outside also which have this culture, now what does it have to do with money, what is the rest of the place, the rules are very strict, a government employee cannot do this, he cannot do that, it is not like this. Can do big rules are fine but if it can do this then this rule should be removed. According to me the original rule should be imposed again. What is your opinion please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.