Hello friends, two things which celebrities are endorsing in India these days and according to me should not be done, give your opinion in the comment section, spread this thing and do not be influenced by these two things yourself and call out these things.  There is a need and I will tell you a little from the name, first of all, these are betting apps, these betting apps are absorbing the time of a lot of youth, they are sucking and are not taking them anywhere, there is emptiness and this means one.  In a way they say legalization of what they say is this gambling type of work, this is the work of course in the digital space, these entrepreneurs have to see that especially many people will say no, this is how it happens in foreign countries, why is it there but not here in India?  There are a lot of empty people, there is a lot of emptiness and you will fill it with these things, look at this drum of 11, the World Cup is going on right now, people are busy in 9s or don't know. What money are the teams being formed and not one by one? 10 10 15 15 teams are being formed or channels are open which are telling, brother, select this team today, select this team today and the public is busy in forming the team, brother, so much effort.  If you hit somewhere else, you will earn money. Crores of people have downloaded it and crores are engaged. Hey, if you have to do something then you make this app, why are you getting sucked? This team of 'Into This' will be formed and this is a talent and there is no big factor in it and youth has time to release this and call us as parents, call us as elders, this thing is not spread in the society, second thing is who I am.  I am very against this, the things like Gutka etc. which are marketed like that, by doing this like Juba Kesari and Itna Mere Ko Ajay Devgan, still I don't feel bad that much, I like two people. Looks worse than Shahrukh and Akshay Kumar's. It's fine for what ever reason. Praise. Say, I forgive Ajay Devgan for his mean body language. It's fine. He has been doing this for many years. Personality is like this and he is not.  Claimed himself in any other light but Akshay Kumar and Shahrukh Khan Bhai, so many pictures have become hits of yours, so much money have you earned, what is the need, I am not able to understand, what is the attraction in it, I am not able to understand pai am  Surely he must be paying the money, oh man, go and dance in weddings somewhere, the season is coming and do all the work, how low is this brand, I could have said that I like Shahrukh very much, I had not done this even I would have  Respected Akshay a lot, rest of his many things are very good in life, which are interesting but one thing is important and you see Akshay, you serials, he makes a lot of movies, that kind of toilet, a love story.  Made Padman, it has a lot of cases, all that remains, friend, I am not able to understand who are your advisors because the brand also has its value, that means you go to any government office and you see those marks, generally people spit.  It is so unhygienic, everything is useless, which one means it has become sexy, it means something to eat and drink, cleanliness thing, still a little of that energy drink, although all that is also nonsense but that  Do everything better friend, if earning money is like money, now today I am also a creator, many people come to me for ads, networking marketing and this sir, promote that some Fukku FM, this and that, I will tell you about that also sometime.  That we should read books, not listen to them. No one has reached anywhere by listening, but I don't feel like it. I feel responsible from within. I also know that money is not the whole thing. All you have to do is come and say, do you want to read books? I read this book like this, show the book to such and such, I read books like this and you will get to hear this book here, it is not done by doing like this, I will make a separate video on books, how should I read, which should I read, how should I promote, but then I promote  Myself, sell your product to yourself, do something of your own, this is very lazy, I think these people have so many products, look at Shahrukh, look at Akshay or even look at the cricketers, already you are promoting a lot of products. Okay, so why is it necessary to include this thing in it? Suppose you are earning Rs 500 crores, then do something else, or tell me, these people give so much money that there is little shame in being humiliated, come like us and do it right away.  Will you go normally? I don't like it, I like to do it to anyone and everyone, but why are you giving a chance to this kind of SA creator, I know what creator economy is and I can extrapolate your popularity.  Following and how much we get and if the offer comes then how much you would get but still I am saying that when like us you can concentrate on your brand image which is very important in front of your brand image.  If we can be conscious even if we have things like given ahead, then what is your compulsion? I want to ask this question through this video and you people who are viewers, subscribers and are listening, tell me what is your take, how do you feel.  that means that one  I would like to appreciate one person here, Sachin Tendulkar, he never indulged in drug addiction, although it means cold drink, cold drink, when to drink a lot, but there was a time, everyone used to drink cold drink, then Ramdev ji came, he took cold drink to the toilet.  Told the cleaner and then no one comes. More normally, that's fine, that big cold drink will still not be there, but Gutka is straight Gutka, now and like who is there? Virendra Sangal also I think he comes and with what face you come friend means I agree retired, money is always there, it is a good thing if you get it somewhere, but I am telling you, I know a lot of people who operate in the digital space. And there are opportunities to earn less, it is not so, if you keep your image and image right and whatever image you have, it will increase and then due to different brand, its value will be invested in something else, then according to me, consciously. All the celebrities should be rejected, they should be called out, go to Twitter's places, if the condition is bad, if the condition is bad, then attack these athletes. You can name and shame them, what is your problem, your picture is being seen, the Pathan worth a thousand crores is gone, the soldier worth a thousand crores is gone, the dinky will come now, it will be worth a thousand crores, so it doesn't pay, isn't it straight?  The question is to their marketing team, their sales team, their management teams who bring them brands, make them collate, they also have a message that we the middle class are now in big trouble, there is a lot of trouble, whatever else you have to do, you  Do it but these athletes are coming to betting apps, so many celebrities are coming to betting apps, cricketers are also coming and these other people are also coming and beyond these, the crackdown is also being tightened.  And yet these are coming, just look at what they are promoting, just take a look just because some ad has come to you, if you need to do something then ask, it is written on it that it is addictive, this will cause this.  If the children are engaged then don't worry, if this celebrity comes and says this, I am not even a celebrity, I am coming and saying this, I know that I can create so much awareness through this video that  It will be 100% beneficial for 500 Hajj people, this much number of views will definitely come, at least it may be more, if you cooperate, then maybe even 5,100 thousand people can be benefited if there is awareness that we do not want to waste our time.  If you want to delve into these things then I hope you will understand this thing and share it. If you have not liked the channel, if you have not shared and subscribed then you can do so. There are some issues like this which I raise.  Chahu and you people please share it, these are social issues, we should raise, discuss, share, once these will become talking points and once this news will reach because somewhere through social media, through forward tweet and its point.  It reaches because whenever it gets tagged or something like this in the form of a video or it will be productive then let's leave it. I believe Akshay Kumar ji has left it but his old agreement is going on. under their aids  It is still being watched so I feel Akshay has better sense has come for what ever feedback he must have got now they will see that means she is not coming next year because once there is a contract if you close that contract is that much  Till the day it will be shown, don't make any further contract and I have a direct request to Shahrukh ji that please friend, what do you mean, you are getting spoiled, okay, we have to make our own, it takes so many years to make. Suma Kesari and Akshay are like this and Ajay Devgan is in the role of falling, this one seems to be in character, I will tell him to do that one, keep going because to do all this, you need an attitude, but the mass are the big celebrities who have more influence.  So you should definitely avoid it and if Kajol ji is listening then please tell Ajay ji that you guys have been working hard for so many years and have done good work. Okay, you bring things related to your causes because you are religious.  You bring things, you bring other things, you bring good things, then why do you do this thing with him, then he becomes a complete tie tie fish, according to me, according to me, stop this one, okay, enough of this.  Okay, then stop it and do n't promote anyone else, then that celebrity will keep on going down, no big celebrity will come, what do these people do now, they took Ajay Devgan, after Ajay Devban, they took Shahrukh Khan, that and something else happened, then those two alone.  if needed then  He said that he took the player, he is health conscious and people follow him, he will come and say this, then people become guilt free. Those who eat and spit on joy, they think that Ajay Devgan has normalized it, Shahrukh has done it.  When Akshay did it, brother, when there are so many big people and they put Rajni dirty world in their mouth, which world comes below me, Rajni Gandha Khake, you are like that ad from a foreign country.  Don't the foreigners understand that they enslaved us, then we are enslaving them by eating tuberose. Hey brother, you are not enslaving anyone by spreading this filth, you are making fun of yourself, you are making fun of the country and this Bedi is AIDS.  They will have to be called out after eating something, the world does not come in one step by doing anything, it is okay that they have eaten the world in one step by doing this and look at their marketing, this will be a thing worth one, two, three or four rupees, how much will it cost?  I have never bought one, you guys tell me what would be the idea, such small pouches would cost only so much money but if such big stars are affording them and paying them such huge fees and yet they are coming shamelessly.  So look at how much their sales would be and how much would be their margins. Also calculate how many people they would be destroying. How many crores of Indians would actually be eating on a daily basis.  They should be able to afford these top ten stars in one ad. Till date, I have not seen three stars in any ad like Ajay Devgan, Shahrukh and Akshay, their people do different things, sometimes two are seen but these three are seen in some other ad.  If you have seen then tell me, that is, you are sitting with big money, so I hope you will share the awareness, thank you very much.