Hello friends, three habits which middle class needs to change to become rich, become better and to grow are three wrong habits, I will tell them and I will not strike any copyright. If anyone has this promise, be it CA Rahul ji or someone older than him or  The smaller ones are my shorts, which Chana did on her channel by making them because I got some requests from people and I felt that we can do it, so I released it.  The message is important, who is conveying it is not important, okay, I need some clapping of my own, I take it with my words, that's okay, this thing, this one is that video, subscribers, you can spread it, okay, in some videos, I let you know.  I make it and tell you in advance, don't spread this one, spread it by suppressing it, copy it, tell the world, three habits are my middle class audience.  Your bad habits are bad habits, I will only say that it is okay, whatever you have to end, okay, first of all I will tell you which three are your favourites, which ones you are doing, which ones you will break, which ones you will not break, all three will break please.  Write in the comment section. Very lovely comments are coming on the videos. The previous one also liked that hospital one and that one was done very well. A sequel will also come. It is very good, so the audience connects like a series. Is doing and a lot of comments, so amazing means it is fun, it seems that the effect is happening, so now tell in the comments if you got the effect or not, first coming for you middle class first stop being in or off.  Anybody Anybody Meaning What is the meaning of Anybody Off in Hindi Meaning of the world is not so much my English as I am thinking which word to put or meaning stop following the world stop following the celebrity  Do it, stop living in his praise, unfollow him, no, it seems like he is so good, he is such a good cricketer, it will be of no use to you, your energy will go away and what to show by doing this, I see some celebrity coming.  You have to take a selfie, why do you have to take it, brother, what a lot of selfie you are, sir, what will be the benefit of taking that selfie, you will show your friend that I have taken a cricketer with this film star, then what will happen to you, that selfie, you have taken a film.  star's  Took it with the cricketer, to explain it carefully, even if it is a little long video, then understanding it is life changing and it is okay to show it to your children who are middle class. It is okay to tell things to your children too, so if you have taken a photo with a celebrity.  If you get photographed, will people grant you a higher IQ? They know that the celebrity was roaming somewhere, he went and got cheated, recently I saw that Shahrukh Khan was going out somewhere, doing something like this, they watch the clippings, okay, so there is something in it.  Big  He was doing such a trite thing and he was also irritated friend, he also eats expressions or why are you taking selfies, leave them aside, don't give money to everyone, it is not worthless to anyone, he is bringing happiness in your life, he is doing entertainment. You are paying for his ticket, you do n't get to go and see any movie for free, it's like work, don't stay off, I also get comments, don't stay on my au too, I told you something, you liked it, it was fun.  Come, don't be in my off, why, what will happen by staying in my off, if you say to me, 'O tu to wa pata ', then you have become intelligent. You will follow my words and write in the comment section that there is truth in your words and we will follow you. Give me more happiness and more, I am a satisfactorily giver, it's over, I have taken my own feeling and now I have to do things, so you also do this, only when you do it, you will go somewhere higher and will be free.  A lot of time is being wasted. Don't take selfies with anyone. Don't take anyone's autograph. Don't follow anyone. Don't sing praises of anyone. What is this? Dream 11 Fantasy Team This will win, that will win, I will follow this one. Don't follow anyone.  Do n't brag, even who are mothers, they live in the house of neighbor's child, some are living in the house of someone else's husband, no matter who is the wife of someone, I do n't even have this job, she is very good.  You don't know the starry story of his life because I only give so much consultant consultation, I know the truth about the houses of the whole world, I give it to big people too, so from outside it seems that inside the matter is a problem for many, so it is worth living in Au.  There is no one, this is a message to the middle class, your life is very good, you have been married once, you have two children, purpose fulfillment work is going on in life, the rest of them are not among the 99.  And you are living among them because you feel less about yourself, it is not less, your life is very good, everyone is living middle class in India, if you don't live in this then you will save a lot of energy and time. Second Zero Error Syndrome, there should be no mistake. Well, this is the conditioning of the middle class. For 30, 40, 50 years, a child who has been scolded and ridiculed a lot for committing a mistake in his childhood, what is the result? I recently spoke to you in a Sango Life Sat.  Although he is uploading the video on my other channel, in fact I may have worn the wrong t-shirt, this song Life Satras is a bigger channel of mine, it is fine and on that you can take platinum membership or it can also be downloaded from Workshop Pup or from the app.  You can also get youtube1 subscribers, people will watch, in the beginning they just want guarantee from the reason why I am telling the middle class, this release is not going to convince you, no one is going to run after you.  In the consultation which is highly paid, it is also told that this thing can be done like this, you can do it like this, it will not work, it will not work, it depends on your idea and details of execution can be given, no guarantee can be taken.  You have to try it, but what guarantee does the middle class need? There is so much fear before starting anything. I am saying that whatever is not costing money is okay, whatever you cannot sink into, you do not have to take a loan.  Normal youtube, if you are investing Rs 2 crores somewhere, then you should be afraid and should ask, it is understandable, but there are many such things where nothing is spent and yet you are not ready to try because you want guarantee of everything, I will join the gym.  I will become thin, it will depend on you brother, whether you will come to the gym every day or not, how much you will run, how much exercise you will do, what will the gym owner do, how can he take a guarantee, he can just say that you will come for one hour every day and then you will do the work.  It will not work if you go home and eat samosas, kachoris and all that chaat papdi, then nothing is going to happen there too, that is why stop asking these questions and all this. Third thing I want to tell you, again this is the biggest problem and it is related to this.  This is related to the second point but it is a different point, not being able to start from scratch just because you have taken commerce or you have taken science.  They are stuck in a similar job, do something unrelated, new and interesting. There is a lot of hesitation and fear in doing any work. The middle class, the lower class, the poor class, they have no fear of anything, but the people who are in the lower class, they have no fear.  Don't be afraid, he wakes up early in the morning and distributes newspapers, then he cleans the car, then someone goes and works on the motorcycles of Sugi Zomato. In the evening, in these four big cities, he does n't say no, no, no, I just car  But I only know how to fold clothes, he also knows how to give newspapers, he also knows how to do delivery, he also knows how to do something else in the evening, but now they don't since someone else will catch hold of him and say that he has to do this work, that 15-  Friend, you can do it in 20 days in a month, tell me which work is difficult, in which you need a degree and license, if you want to become a doctor, it will take 5 years, if you want to become a lawyer, it will take 3 years, but if you are not doing other such work.  There are some practical tasks that can be learned by you, like small business ideas, execute them, do not think again and again that no, no, no, I used to do this because I do a lot of variety of work, hence I always like to start.  Whenever you start something, you feel very light in it, like I have a channel, the big one has close to 2 lakh subscribers, Sango Life Sutras, this one has clarity for youth in it.  There is a small channel with 55000 subscribers and it is very real, subscribe to that too, when you start a new channel and it grows, there is a lightness and a different fun in starting a new thing because there  There was a kind of content, it was for that kind of people, it was for the elderly, here I have to tell something to the youth, okay, so the content here is of a different kind, so you can like it.  You have opened a dhaba and it is doing well. Then you opened another small shop and said in it, 'My dhaba is doing well, this is the only thing I know how to run. It is doing well, now you have to do something else, new thing.'  Whenever you start from scratch, you will get a different kind of happiness, you will get a different kind of fun, this is the message, please start sometime, if you want to learn astrology, now to learn astrology, you do not have to be a science or arts only. Must be Commerce or 12th pass or MSc or PhD. Anyone can learn it. Anyone who is educated or a little bit, anyone, anything. If you don't want to learn, want to learn cooking or anything, you can hold anything in your life.  Well, I will even guide people to learn something like tailoring, sewing clothes, this is going to become a big art. Hey, you will make us tailors. This problem of middle class comes again. Anything new is new. Before starting, we put a name beyond that, it means that the tailor will also call Manish Malhotra, is middle class okay or will he remain in 'O', the clothes made by him are useless, the heroines who roam around wearing them, be among them, learn something from someone, something new. Start something new, don't be afraid of starting something new, and what is the matter with people again, there is a lot of expenditure on education till the age of 20, 21, 22 and that expenditure of education does not take us anywhere.  I am not making anything, I am getting a job worth Rs. 30,40,00, people are fine at Rs. 99 and yet we have to pay 5% of that child's school fees to learn something new in 25 years, 28 years, 30 years, 35 years.  You are not even ready to spend, if your child's school fee is Rs 0000, then can you spend Rs 5000000 a month yourself in learning something new so that you can learn something new?  Learning brings betterment in your life or you can monetize it or you can focus your energy on it, then this is again a bonus tip that I want to tell to the middle class that be not only be not be afraid of.  Starting Something From Scratch But You Will Only Be Able to Start If You Have Kept That Learning Process Which  People forget that is what mostly I heard from Housewives that we used to study and work there, then we had a child, got married, then I took a break from seven to eight years, now I have taken a break from that thing, I think I am the same.  I could have done or will do the same, now how should I do that because I will be 38 years old now, so how can I go to the job that I had when I was 25 years old, now who will give it to me? Hey brother, you can do any unrelated work. You can do one thing, you can do a thousand more, so this is the larger message to all of you, please please try to do these three things, how much will you do, tell me I will just do not be in love  Off anybody, it is a waste of time and energy. No one feels like following someone after taking a photo. No one likes it. Okay, if you want to see so many photos, then look at your wife's and tell her.  Friend, I have a craze for seeing a lot of photos of fighting girls. You can make me a portfolio of 50 photos of girls. I often laugh at people while talking to a good photographer, but I am talking practically about my wife.  Look at the photo, tell her no, I want to see the photo of a sexy girl, then make your wife sexy. Tell me, brother, you become me, if you are not feeling it, then come with me to the gym, take that walk with me, the marriage becomes better, or do you want to live with your wife?  Of Stay in my life, stay in my husband's life or stay in your life, it does n't last, I have to see someone's photo, I have to see this, I have to see this, I have to see this, I have to cry in his eyes, if not that one every time, then that one, I do n't know where in the feed, who is mine?  It has come to my mobile and account from Malaika Roda ji every second or third day and when I come out of the gym, it comes to me somewhere because I also do some research, it is not that I am searching, but I am not searching at all.  i watch my video she comes to her i three I scroll in a second but I know she is coming Mal and look at her views 3 lakh 5 lakh 10 lakh Malaika ji Malaika ji she is building her body from the gym, you have to take a photo from the back, you have to take it from the front, see people Many times we feel a little disturbed that oh what are you talking like this but this is what you are looking at, why is all of you showing that, open that one, that one, I am telling you, I don't want to see it at all, tell me how openly.  I am there then I don't know from where it comes in my feed, I do n't want to see such things, I am sharing the knowledge with you that such things should not be seen, but still it comes, once it comes, it means no matter how many hands you have.  You walk fast, while doing this I am looking at my shorts etc. like is it okay or I am doing some research on how much is the retention time, I will not make it technical but it means that I have got 200 views on youtube.  Have come  Seeing this, Malaika ji said Malaika ji and her dog, I am not criticizing them. Malaika ji, I am endlessly criticizing them, their dog or the people watching them. What benefit are you getting? How much happiness do you get?  There is someone in your house who is married and someone who is not, so brother, do it and focus on each other, he has 5 lakh views, I have 25000, it is a great insult in the house, so it is okay. Gyan Gyani Baba becomes clarity giver number one, you have 15000 views, seeing this the dog Pomeranian is getting so many views, he was not climbing inside the car, he is climbing, so just a video of him has been made, it is a big insult, no problem, ok What are we, what is the work of the wind, it is the work of the lamp to move, it does its work, okay, I do my work, this is a poem by Kumar Vishwas, maybe if someone is right, we have to do it, the wind will move, it is the work of the lamp, everyone has their own.  You have to do it, okay, so please don't deliberate, even if you don't waste your time in deliberation, many time-wasting situations will come, I am telling you, some friend will come, some situation will come, something or the other will be seen or you.  Your heart will be troubled, you will do something somewhere else, you will do it but be conscious, do not praise, if you want to praise then do your own praise, do not praise others, when everyone will start praising themselves and your  If we start being happy then this will reduce the number of useless people which we have oppressed. Sir, these have come, they have come, they have come, sir, they have come, they have come, move away, tttttt, move the car and leave.  What will happen to any minister for me in the month of Sawan? And that is just a joke of the minister. Yes brother, he will get the boy changed. I am telling the real time posting of Haryana. This is not a fictional story about the boy. Minister will get the posting done, sir, no, that posting is not available there these days, do n't do it like this, there are rules and regulations, it is a law, okay, get her a job, it means get her a job, means she has some job, no job for her, yes.  To get a job these days, you have to go there, you have to give the SSC exam, you have to give it like this, there is selection there, this one is good, okay, so and so's is from my aunt, this one, get the contract, this one from the road is from the small road. No sir, its contract is also issued on the road like this. Nowadays tenders are issued, there is an auction, there is a tender, there is no exchange of girls, there is no job, no tender is given to you, why should I run after you, go to Susare, go to Susare.  I am a slang from Haryana This is not a fictional story The poor I will say to the lower class because I have to rub it in the middle class mouth by doing this  The poor class is very smart to teach many times, not to be in love with anyone, they know who is of use to me and who is not of use, so they do the same, it is okay and they do not live in love with anyone from their heart. From inside they have a nagging feeling that he has something which I don't have and I have to take what is middle class, whatever I have, it can only be this much, it will not grow, hi is his car, hi is his clothes, hi is his looks.  Only then would she remain the same  The middle lower class is coming, it is increasing, there is a warning to the middle class, and friend, in this way, we will move ahead, we will also move ahead in these days, it is okay, these are on their own way, if you audit carefully, then please the person who is your  It is of no practical use, don't be in his care at all. If you want to sycophant, if you want to take a favor from someone, then it is a different matter, then do it, there is no problem in that, yes sir, that works, that is Indians.  I know it very well, I am not refusing but forcefully, don't be like that in Fukre Pan, I hope you all will understand this message and please share, thank you very much.