Hello friends, four new castes have come to India, I am telling the latest test, it is going to be a very amazing video, the results of the elections have just come, their analysis will also be done, what is in store will also be done in the future, watch it without any stress, enjoy and watch this.  The kind of analysis I do is my style, what is there for me and my viewers, so these four new castes which are told by the top leaders, the first caste which is the new castes like youth  So one caste is our own youth caste, second is women power, women power, two third is your poor people, poor people and fourth is farmers, so I do not belong to any of these four and that is my core audience too. Today it has been defined very well, so what is there for us if we are not farmers and we are not poor and that woman power thing, what is there in woman power thing that we gave a gas cylinder and gave something else.  This Nari Shaktik is the same, isn't it? She gave me some scheme, dear sister, gave me Rs. 000, she is the same, so if the woman who is beyond herself, then that woman is also not in it and youth is the one who is dreaming, that is, she has to find a job.  If he is doing something great for you, then the top leader of the top political party has defined this, which is very good, that OBC OBC was running.  Caste census was going on, the whole system has been abolished, that system of SC, ST, OBC has been abolished and the public has told that because it was shown and it was said that it will be started in Bihar, now it is like this, it is like that and that.  Told that an attempt was made to divide this country, on top of that, on top of these things, now this one is one thing to divide and another thing is to classify, so now this has also been classified and it was also told that most of the  Who  It is there in it, it is there in it too, but I am not discussing these people because the world is talking about them. If you want an eye-opening video on farmers, then farmers should write because I have a burning desire to make that video.  To share with you people because no one has the courage to explain like that, so we will analyze that video separately. Today we will analyze this one that brother, if we are not farmers, we are not even poor, we do not get this cylinder.  And dear sister Hajar wala  Work also because it also has qualification, is n't it? Everyone is below the same level, so brother, then how can we take advantage because the government's focus is on this, one can cry, the typical cry of the middle class, what is the income for me?  No no, we do not need the support of the government, that is why the government is not giving it, so there is no condemnation of the government, there is condemnation of the new political party and no condemnation of any leader because that is the vote bank.  If we concentrate on these to the maximum then we are less because these are the four people who are the maximum in India, so how do we benefit, how do we take advantage, then we have a way to take advantage of it in two-three ways so that these people will benefit. So, how can we take advantage of that benefit? We have to think like that, second order thinking. Only this thing will be told how to think that it will benefit the bottom of the pyramid, the poor will be a little less poor, the farmers will benefit, the women will benefit.  There will be some benefit to the youth if they get a job. Brother, while we are sitting like this, I will also say 'Laat Saheb' which was used in old times. We are sitting comfortably like 'Laat Saheb', we are not struggling and my audience is the same.  The rest of the channel are my other channels, Clarity for Youth is for youth, which is like Sango Life Sutra, Real Estate is right, there are separate channels for astrology, there are more channels, their audience is separately defined and there.  You are most welcome, but if you are not the Lat Saab type, then you are not my audience. Now I am telling you this openly, here is the audience who wants to earn money by sitting and thinking, not by blackening their hair in the sun, not by turning it white.  If there are factions like me, it is of knowledge, not of struggle, not of sunshine, if the edge is less then the one who thinks is individual and the one who wants to earn money from knowledge is the subscriber of the channel, here the stock market is one stock market.  The waiting period that was going on in India was that it will be seen that after May-June, FIIs will come first, the stamp has been put, hat-trick has been done on Hindi Hotland, if you look carefully at the map of India, they will make a color in it and show that this is the biggest party. Where is the state rule going on? If you see, if you see, you will see Haryana touching Rajasthan here, Haryana touching UP here and Rajasthan touching UP, now MP is visible below MP, Gujarat is visible here. from gujarat  Maharashtra is stuck to it and then from here to there, below Madhya Pradesh, there is Chhattisgarh, then Uttarakhand is also stuck to Uttar Pradesh and here to Delhi, it is the whole in between which is called if.  If there is a fat man then his whole stomach, all this, all this setting is completely set, okay, and in this, something or the other will fall in Bihar and Bengal also, okay, according to the votes, now this certainty has started coming that and that one who  the thing was the word  That its guarantee is like it is said, Tiger Ka Hukam, I am seeing a new slogan in sync with it and I am very fond of its marketing value that its guarantee is fine, like Tiger Ka Hukam or something, do you feel its rhyming?  So tell me, I am finding a lot of brand value in this new slogan and some how I tell you my state Dispina Being a devotee and being a devotee and being this party that party I am nothing to anyone, okay, I have decided so far  I said that I have not done it yet, but still I am feeling peace in my mind, as an investor, as a stock market investor, as a real estate person, there was a feeling of restlessness, the restlessness will set in somewhere, now what after this result comes?  You guys, brothers and sisters, are feeling less uneasy in your personal life. I am talking about personal life. I mean, yes, it has also come, so I am telling you that there is as much peace as on election results and that is enough. I am a patriotic person, I too am fine, had I won the World Cup, I would have enjoyed it, I wouldn't have got so much peace, it is his pain that he did not win, for a person like me, who does not watch much cricket, but after this selection, I feel like it is fine, it is ok, friend.  Okay, prepare lunch, now let's work ahead, the world has moved ahead, otherwise it was happening like this, I don't know what will happen, now it seems that yes, now what do we say next month, there will be a grand function in the month of January, which will make everyone happy.  peace will come and end  I am looking forward to that personally as Sanatani, I also have to visit and am seeing that, then that picture will come on 25th January, the fighter will be something even better than that, then two things are absolutely game changers, one will be an event on 22nd January. Which event of January is it, write down 22nd January 2024 and then there is the picture of 25th January and now slowly it is coming to light that then the other leaders of their opposition. They are also going for a holiday. They should go for 10-12 days. According to me, it is a good thing. Working 24 hours a day doesn't suit everyone. Anyway, it is okay so they should go. Everyone should be relaxed. They too have calmed down now and can take a long breath.  The country is fine, it means fat, whatever, yes, now I understand what is our work, let us concentrate on our business, so now the core audience of us is mine, brother, the stock market is one F I's are going to come, consent story.  The poor will increase. When one becomes a little rich, one will use good soap oil, one will buy something to eat, one will paint the house, one will get a home loan and there will be no financial inclusion. So much is happening, if the money is coming, then there will be a lot of banking sector, financial sector, private banks.  One more thing I am telling you is that when FIIs will come in the future, they will not invest money in your Rs 100,500,2000 crore company. 70000 87000 are invested in companies with a market cap of Rs 1 lakh 1.5 lakh 2 lakh crore. These are the low hanging fruits. I am seeing more of them going into blue chips. The run up of small caps is quite high. If you see, the run up of mid caps is also there.  Right now, inside the large cab, attention will be paid to the big banks which are low hanging fruits, whose names, if told, they will say, ok, you are telling me this, I mean, everyone knows this, or Nifty.  Yes, BSC is in 50 only, BSC is in Nifty 50, okay, so this Indian story seems to be going towards Amrit Kaal with Saree in the next 5 years, pay attention to your money, those who have money, pay attention to money, on these discussions  Don't give it because you are not going to get anything anyway because you have defined the syllabus, brother, there is no exam for you, so you all become like the moon that you have to take the reflected light of the sun, we mean direct.  Meaning, just like the light comes from the Moon, it is directed towards the Sun, that is, it is reflected, it has no luminous power of its own, if the Moon does not shine, it is cold, so now the direct benefit is to be taken in such a way that see where the money is being given.  Is cement being given in infrastructure? Which are the stocks of cement because that is the focus going beyond that? If it is going in financial inclusion then which banks can do good for you? You will increase consumption.  If the soap oil thing increases, then what are the stocks that can be there? Beyond that, pay attention to the real estate sector. The government is also giving affordable housing and all these kinds of things and incentives and all that and more on what is to come.  If she insists then what will happen to her when the dear sister is like, now there is a culture of freebies, now if the other party distributes it then you distribute it to the Revdi yourself, then that means you are giving it to your sister, which is also?  Very fine because if money goes to women, I am always a fan that if you have to give free seeds then give them to women because if you give something to a man then he will put the beedi cigarette in tobacco and if 000 is in the woman's account in alcohol.  Okay, if even Rs. 2000 goes, then she will not spend it on herself, she will spend some on drugs, she will spend on children, she will spend some on the family and she will get some benefit in the direct positive economy.  So no matter which government or party it is, when it provides a free bus service to women or gives some money under Laadli Brahmin, I am for that because it kick starts the economy, whose economy is there, there is no middle in it.  The class likes it very much, hey, he gave free seeds, he gave a lot, you see this, the biggest issue in this election, which I felt could spoil the economy, was the OPSO pension system, the discussion about it.  Now it has ended because a lot of it was being made, especially in Rajasthan, a lot of money was being encashed in Chhattisgarh that if they get this, this will happen, this will do, then the people there, because everyone is not beneficial, it goes to only one section now.  If he is there, then by doing this, he will not make any noise, if he is saved from that, then this thousand 2000 and after doing all this, it is fine, it does not put so much load beyond this, because this  Life in the scheme is long anyway, there is never going to be another Hajj, so the value of one Hajj will be equal to 0 in two years or four years. If inflation is going on then it is still okay. OPSO will keep increasing, okay so this is a good positive thing.  We have to pay attention to investment. We have to pay attention to real estate. As the people from the lower classes will come and their power will increase, they will come to big cities and will get help. If the government will help, then they will need real estate. They will not be able to buy that much. No government is making the rich to buy real estate only, but they will definitely live on rent, so if someone owns real assets, he will make a lot of money, so if you are in the lot-sap category and you are in the lot-sap category.  There is no shame in being in this category, no one is born a lark, that is also a struggle in life and every body wants to reach that stage in life where they can earn money without having to spend too much time on their own. In life, those people should observe this channel of mine for observers because when you observe the trends in life, you see the observed and then from the trends, you figure out where you are going to reach and how that knowledge can be monetized.  So it is very fun like a hobby, discussing in the air, this is good, this is bad, let that come, let it come, being a brother is what has to be, no one can stop it from your and my individual desires.  Nothing has to happen, it has to happen as per the wishes of the people, now one is the other, there are two factions, one is winning, in politics, one is not winning, simple things, the one who is not winning has no story, they do not know how to tell some stories. Many people say, no, it is false, this is a phrase, oh brother, it is true, it is true, there is something, a little true, a little false, sometimes happy, sometimes sad, a little sour, a little sweet, sometimes something has happened, there is nothing here, blue divided silence.  Here it is, just came like this, did it like this, then went on leave, came again, tell me now, why give me, because now you will be tired, does not get tired, next, does not let me get tired, next, this is a great story, now this will happen, now  Let's see this, now let's do that, now it is going to be like this, people say that it is fun here, so where people are having fun, people will go there, now not in that, why does this make it so much fun, it will be like this.  No, it wo n't happen like this, then that word has come, isn't it a guarantee because  India runs a lot on guarantee. Brother, how much guarantee do you take? Yes, guarantee because when you buy something, there is a guarantee behind it, so whoever is listening to me, I am telling you that I am a consultant, Prashant Kishor, I am not but still I am telling you if  People of a particular party are listening to him, this is a very good line, hold it this time, this is the election line, this is the guarantee, just hold this boat, it will sail beyond 400, I cannot say but it will definitely cross 300, so hold.  Let's keep this thing and the upper middle class middle middle class which is my core audience or the rich people, don't be unhappy, the rich are not unhappy, the rich are there, they know how to do it, but the one who is my audience, I am the progress of the lower one.  If it happens, it is your benefit. If it happens to you alone, then it is not and the government or father, whatever they call master, my father, the king, helps only those who need it. If you do not need it, then you are fortunate that you are above that thing.  There is no need to be sad in the fact that your own brothers and sisters are being helped. With the help of those same brothers and sisters, if they are here and you are here, then if you are linked to them in their progress through the stock market of the economy and  The Real Estate and Everything So as they go up, they will also take you up, it is not that they will go up and you will come down, it is not that those who are thinking like this are not thinking individual.  You are not thinking. My aim is to make thinking individual through this channel and there is no negativity spread in any video. It does not seem hopeless anywhere. I do not do this to anyone. Hey, this is not dirty, we have to take everyone along, everyone should come together.  It's okay if someone comes sometime, the writing is on the wall. It does n't matter whether you like it or not. It doesn't matter whether you like it or not, the writing is on the wall.  You can find it, you can concentrate on it, by crying and doing more devotion, by doing more clapping, there is no benefit in doing more, he is winning, he is winning, very good, look at yourself, what happened to me, what benefit did I get, what benefit can I get, what is the next announcement.  What is going to happen, what can happen, what will happen with that happening, what things will increase, what is the meaning of women empowerment, what will be the benefit if more money comes into the hands of farmers, if something happens to the youth, what will be the benefit if poor people get some relief?  there will be benefit in that Where can there be benefit, exactly how can it be, if you reach that place in advance, then as soon as there is benefit, you have already reached there that come, let's go, let's go, by doing anything, you will automatically be on top and you will  If you keep discussing like this then there is no use, I hope you guys liked the video, please share it with people, like it, thank you very much.