Hello friends, five belief systems for the middle class which the middle class needs to crush immediately if they want to go up in status in the coming times or want to remain in the same status. I am going to tell you five belief systems to crush for progress in your life. Listen to the five, how many of these would you like to crush and agree? Write down the number, the first, the third, the fifth, the first, the second, the fourth, whatever or all the five from the first, then the first one, before this, mine.  A video has come, Why Middle Class is Now Shirley has given information about that phenomenon of becoming poor, now I am coming here to give the solution and it can also emerge as a great series, if you people want to subscribe to that video.  I will also give the link to this video. There has been a lot of good response and comments on that video. The first believe system which the middle class needs to crush is self- victim hood.  In that comment section of the middle class, you will also see more general conversations, we are being looted, we are paying taxes, middle class is that class, if there is rich class, middle class is lower class, only middle class is that class which is rich.  There is a bird in the poor too, there is a bird in the poor, there is a bird in the poor, it is natural, there is a bird, there is a bird in the poor too, because they have fun, they get free seeds, this is so  You don't even pay tax brother, you become rich, it is difficult to become rich, it is easy, you become poor, you take ration, you take help from the government, you all have to remember the middle class and the big problem is respect and  I am speaking with a feeling of empathy and understanding. It may sound harsh but I am speaking only for the benefit. While a father is teaching a small child to ride a bicycle, he runs away holding the seat from behind and when the child learns to ride a bicycle,  When a child goes to school, they leave him or you must have seen that they remain attached to the side of small children, when they learn it, then they remove it. In the same way, the government is the father and if the citizens are children, then the child who is  He has not learned to ride a bicycle, he will keep holding him, now he is enjoying being held all the time in his life and does not want to ride a bicycle openly, aha ha, I do n't want to ride at all, I will remain poor, so it's okay then stay poor in life. won't be able to enjoy all the joys  But the middle class is that child who has learned to ride a bicycle. Now he has learned to ride a bicycle but he is saying, "Father, why didn't he hold me, I have to ride the bicycle myself, why am I not getting the push, don't ride."  Don't ride a bicycle then go down, how to go down brother, the self-victim of the middle class will have to come out of the hood. The rich also pay tax and if they are saving the tax somehow, then you become rich, do business on your own land.  held a gun  I am from a middle class that you have to be 30 years of age for the IS exam, you have to give six attempts in UPSC, you have to give 10 attempts, the bank balance is zero for 30 years and garbage comes to mind, that knowledge whose monetization is worth Rs.  No, that knowledge cannot be used anywhere. Harappa Dar, what happened in Harappa Mojdar, how did the Quit India Movement happen? Sitting remembering everyone's date. Turmeric Valley happened in 1576, Katu India, when did the partition of Bengal take place in 1940, the middle class knows everything, go to the US, our people are winning all the quizzes to reach there, the middle class has all the knowledge to work in it.  There is no one and he enjoys being in the self-victim hood just to show his knowledge. You have to break this belief system. Do n't go into the self-victim hood. We are the ones who pay the tax. Only the middle class pays the tax. Then it gives, don't give, don't earn, do n't give tax, open it ready, open it, you open it ready, the country is free, neither is our democracy, nor can anyone do anything, neither do you have to sell tea, you have to sell it, or you have to do a job, it's your choice.  No, we were told this syllabus, father and mother told us to study, do this, life will become like this now, if it did not happen, then maybe they had told us wrong, now change this, tell me what will happen after crying 24  The cry of the hour is that reservation is the biggest problem. If reservation is removed, then middle class. Hey brother, how many total jobs are there on reservation. I will make a separate video on reservation. Even if you remove the essence of reservation, everyone will get a job. Then everything will be fine, then you will pay tax again.  Then again they got sick, then those who have jobs are happy, everyone is happy, there is a lot of confusion in the middle class and what is that problem, I will tell you about the belief system which one needs to be.  A second belief system is the middle class's need to be crust syndrome, we have to become something, my child should become something, we have to become something, we are not interested in earning money but in showing that we have become something and that marriage market is also of the middle class.  Marriage Market There is no marriage market of rich and poor. The marriage market that exists is only of middle class. Yes brother, what have you become, you have become a government servant. Abuse the government in everything, but get government jobs.  Everyone wants the rest of the government. Everything is bad. Roads not built, no infrastructure, no public health. Politicians have eaten up the money. This scumbag is dirty. This government job is wanted by everyone. Everyone is interested in it because if you want to become something then in the future if you become something and you  If you tell that, you will remain at the same level. Do such work that you cannot tell. I know such people, they sell newspapers at 5 o'clock, they sell clothes on vehicles till 6 o'clock, at 6 to 8 o'clock. Now I am not saying that you start doing it, come to the comment section, then I will do this, listen to him, you can do some other work, you will have to use your brain, there is a lot, there will be videos on that also, not all in one. Can tell 5 to 6:00 pm Newspaper 6 to 8 pm Cleaning clothes on the car 8 to 11 am [Music] Earns 50 700 Haj Ash Krishna Kumar 12000 Brother, he is doing five jobs worth Rs. 12000. He is doing five jobs worth Rs. 12000. He is just catching up. He just doesn't know where to invest the money and how to save it. He will come to know as soon as we tell you, so don't be in the trap of becoming something now. What will this person say? Newspaper hawker, Jabang delivery boy and Ube Rolla driver. What will they say? He is not interested in getting his slaps. Women are like that, they are four hours of beauty.  She is working at a parlor and then she has opened something of her own. She is doing all this. Third, the believe system which has to be crushed is for the middle class. If the wife works, then who will raise the children, what will happen to their education? This is the disease of the middle class, only brother and wife.  If she works, what will happen to the children's education? Who brings up the children of the maid who comes to your house? I do n't know why we adopted the belief system because it is not possible to maintain the life without the help of mother-in-law.  Mother in law saath rakhni nahi paspass rehna nahi jo mein channel all the videos of real estate, I am tired of speaking, staying close, son sister should not stay with parents and comment who will take care of the parents, I am theirs to take care of them.  It is not necessary to live in the next room of the room, I can live in another house at a distance of 7 meters, I can also live in the flat above and to take care, money takes care, no son or sister takes care, nurses and doctors take care.  Is  Does the attendant take care or takes care of the money earned? It is the misconception of the people that he takes care. No, how will we maintain two houses? We will take the money on rent, son, you adjust yours, give him something, those are my videos, then they will be long. This will happen because I have to crush the believe system and I am making this very passionately. To make the middle class aware and awake, you have taken it in a commercial. In 55 years, you would have taken it for the child.  So, in old age, your son would have stayed with you for free. What is the problem of living with your son? You will live next door, you will stay in your house, you will not have to pay rent to him, why would he go to Bangalore? He runs to Bangalore only then, the one who lives in Gurgaon in Delhi runs away because he has a mother-in-law and  Mother doesn't want to be with him so he goes away with the excuse of someone else, there is nothing wrong with doing wife's work, children grow up well, women who work also grow up, their wives are called home makers.  Don't give respect by speaking. Housewife used to speak, wife used to feel bad earlier. They came up with the English term for middle class. I am a home maker. If you are home maker, the girls and ladies and women and women and mothers and sisters are working.  Are home breakers What are they giving India has less female workforce participation than Pakistan People of India should be ashamed of this Bangladesh is at 32 India is at 19 and in the middle class This is less than 9 per cent. Even in India, if you pick up 100 women and look at them, then among those who are going to do jobs, there will be more people from the lower class, as soon as middle class is created, there is no need to work, no, husband will earn, if husband earns, then middle class will come.  You will become a poor class because those who are poor class are coming up, everyone works there, they are used to everything, so you have to break this belief system. Fourth belief system, I want the best, middle class wants the best in everything, if they want a house then they want the best.  Needed  If you want a job then you want the best, you want to educate your child in the best school, do n't know which is the best school, I will make a very good video on this, please write in the comment section, this is the biggest stupidity of wasting money because in the hospital, Money is charged and no one bargains with what is charged for the school fees of a child. You will have 10 Diwalis, right now you have to give 20 diyas or 25 diyas of ₹1. Beyond this, women are  You will be seen bargaining and saving a lot of rupees, but you have to pay 12000-15000 rupees a month on school fees because brother, we want to give the best education, so I will break the myth of best education that today India  I have the best education anywhere and beyond that, how much money should be spent and where does he go to get the best education? Then finally, what does he do after going to Canada and what does he want to go?  I will make videos beyond that too, you must watch this belief system, you have to break it, you don't want the best, you want what is appropriate for you, you have to get a finder that is appropriate for you.  It is necessary because one has to show the best. Hey brother, take whatever is useful. If you keep doing best in everything then many things will not be taken. Everyone cannot be taken as best. 100 in every subject.  If you go to get 10000 marks then you have to fail in many subjects, this is also a fact, so this is a belief system, I want the best, don't go for the best, take decent things, okay, the last fifth will be made in the form of a series, for those who  Have not subscribed the channel, do it, many people are doing new things also, that previous video should also come, hope you watch it. The fifth and biggest thing is that the young generation is roaming around with this burden. I have to fulfill the dreams of my parents or my father, those are the outdated dreams of your father, there is no use even if they are fulfilled, my son is like my father, let's say he is a clerk somewhere or a group officer somewhere and works in the secretariat somewhere. They say, my son becomes an IAS, my daughter becomes an IAS, this is my dream, they are making life pleasant in the pursuit of dreams, dreams are not being fulfilled or they are saying dream, dream big, this is all a coaching system, isn't it, see the videos.  on this day  It was only for this that Modi ji was filling the nomination, that DM is the returning officer, he is sitting, that is a clip of one second, where the Prime Minister is sending and all those meetings like this, the name is his own and one is for his nomination.  There is a person and he is sitting like this, that is half a second, that means there are 543 constituencies in India, in which becoming an IAS in the PM's constituency is 4500 IS officers.  Look at its ratio, what will happen and elections are held in 5 years, but calculate its probability, then 890 will come in front of the point, but it has just shown for all you know, you will not become DM of Varanasi, you will go and become Daatewada somewhere else.  Then what will you do and what are the chances of becoming that? How many become IAS, clear UPSC, first only 180 are made, out of which 90 are from this one and 90 are from that.  In that 90 also, the golden ones have come and on top of that 12 people are giving children, so what is the probability if your child is at 8th position in his class in 10th or at 6th position then how many sections are there in lakhs of schools in that section? At number seven, don't put the burden of dreams on your children. It is only the middle class that puts the burden on your children. A poor man does not say that he dreamed, he says, 'Brother, do whatever you want, don't put the burden of my dreams on me, I have nothing.'  If there is a problem, the child can do anything and he has nothing to lose, but mostly our middle class is living in fear, no, this should not be done, if it doesn't happen, then what will happen, that all these diseases are, first of all, self- victimhood.  I live in this disease again, I have to become something, then my wife will not work, what does it mean if my wife will not work, you are playing a cricket match, there are two batsmen, one batsman will not score even a single run. If the other one has to make it, then if he gets stuck and does not score a single run, then if the over changes, he has to bowl only six balls, then the made in over will be out, then brother, how many runs will be scored, now even if one score, the other one will pull it.  If a woman works as a teacher then she will get Rs 30,35,400 thousand in cash, neither will she have to pay tax nor will he boost her SIP or loan, so some adjustments have to be made in getting women to work and Then it happens because the husband does not want to carry his towel in the house because he is so poor, then the woman says, brother, you have given me so much work, now how should I do a job on this, brother, with all the work he has given, he must be able to do both the jobs.  If you go to do this, there will be help at home also, children will also take help, there is a period of two, four, five or six years, those small children start walking and start going to school, after that, the woman sitting in the house is coming from the middle class.  throughout my audience  If there is any woman of middle class who does broom and potting utensils, then write in the comment section. Yes, we are middle class, my salary is Rs 2 lakh, it is Rs 1.5 lakh, whoever is in the middle class, and my wife does broom and poaching.  Those who prepare food are also becoming extinct. Middle class women are also preparing maids and a stage will come when the woman of the house who is educated is already here.  Her father is an angel and has passed all schools and colleges and has scored higher marks than her husband. Her ability to earn money is less than that of the maid who is working in her own house. This is the matter of most concern.  I am telling the rates of big cities. In small cities, people can divide by 2, divide by 1.5, whatever figures I am saying, but there the purchasing par patti formula is used.  But in a big city like Delhi, in Gurgaon, if you see, Meds are earning 25 30000, check your seven crores, crores, crores, sap sa koti, 4000, 4000, 5000, 4000, 5000, fast, fast, fast, 45 minutes, 50 minutes, 600 in the morning, starting from 6.  11 Then ask about all those things in the evening, interview them and their husbands.  Some are doing contract work, some are doing mechanic work, some are doing auto rickshaw work, some are doing so. If this belief system of the middle class is not broken then it is going to be a matter of concern. This is writing on the Wall, how many people could understand this? Please write SA, it is ok if you understood and if you don't understand then write NSA is ok and please share with your friends. Thank you very much.