Hello friends, this is a very interesting video, it will be a lot of fun for the subscribers, five questions are being asked a lot, some of them are direct, some are awkward, I will try to answer them, first let me tell you the five questions which I am going to answer in this video  Yes, the first question is Guruji, whose side are you on, like a pot without drinking, you do this and that, sometimes here, sometimes there, what is your purpose, what is it, I mean what is happening, then I will tell you this, secondly that there are some things against the policies of Rahul ji and Congress  You don't speak in the name of Modi ji, why is it so? This was also asked to me in the comments, so I will answer on this as well. Thirdly, you talk a lot about higher order thinking. What is this higher order thinking? I mean, I will answer on this as well. Fourthly, it is very interesting.  You must listen to this because it is a very clear question that BJP versus Congress which is better for the middle class, a clear question, I will try to answer it, you tell me and if you liked the answer, do listen to it, if not, then how, if not an ideological video  You will know that I come every day and do something  There should also be clarity, otherwise many people, even new ones, keep thinking what is the agenda, from whom has he got the money, whose betting is he doing, so that too will be known, you will know a little bit in this video, in the fifth I have something on anti-defection law.  I gave knowledge to some subscribers, I had made a video recently, so I will give clarity on that as well, that I had recently released my video about how many seats Cha June is getting, so he will answer these questions, listen carefully  So first let's start with whose side I am on, so whose side am I on, so are you a pin bandi boy, are you a pot, okay you are a bottomless pot, it might seem like I am enjoying the taste of politics, I am enjoying the taste of politics and the people of Haryana  Mostly people enjoy the taste, okay, there is no need to put too much mind into it, but there is no need to give them so much respect, you have to see that they are service providers, as it means it is very good, the one who has good service, Take it, it is number portability, Airtel is not providing good service, so brother, take that.  If you are not enjoying it then go to etel, do they fight among themselves, just think about them like this, if you get the answer then enjoy, whoever is saying whatever you want, whatever doesn't seem right, tell me the person saying it.  Someone or the other is needed, now the second question comes that Rahul ji is less on Congress and more on Modi ji, so I want to explain it very well, first of all, Rahul ji does not have anything so much that anything can be said against him, he is the king who has the power Speaking against him is not even the correct word, questioning is the correct word because the one who is in power should question him, but here I would like to ask a question as an example, Rahul ji said that he will give Rs 8,500 to every woman.  The big public says that the country will be looted, where will the money come from, this will come, that will come, but has Modi ji said this? Modi ji definitely said that they will take away the buffalo, they will take it, they will take away the mangalsutra, thankfully he did not say that give me  we will take one of the kidneys okay because the way the debate is going on  It is going on, anything can be said, that's okay, but why did he not say 8500, why did he say what will happen to the fiscal policy, what will happen to the fiscal deficit, what will happen to the country's finances, he did not say this, the public is saying it but he did not say that the Congress people are doing this  What are they giving for free? Why are they giving Rs 8500? They did not tell the women, you should understand that what you are protesting against, even Modi ji is not opposing it. Brothers and sisters, what is the policy of Congress which the BJP government has  Did you stop MNREGA? Did you stop MNREGA? Modi ji had said in the parliament mockingly that I will keep it alive and beat the drum but it was released during the time of Covid and after that brother this is a different good policy to keep some balance in the country's economy.  Kokin, who was an economist, has a theory that the state has to spend money and do all this. So it is not that MNREGA has ended. The highest allocation of MNREGA has been done by this government. That government did not do anything.  no policy basis  He created it and ran it, he is very good in execution, he was very good in expanding it, he was very good in ideas, he does not have any ideas, what original thing did he bring, he brought demonetization, you know whatever was of Congress, he took it forward  We did it further and it gave a very good result. Yes, the names of the policies became different. Add Atal in any of them. Atal was our Prime Minister. He had a Citizen Service Centre and all those who used to call it Atal, call them Atal centres.  Say that the concept was his and this would have been good politics, if someone has done something good, do it even better, so what should I say against Rahul ji that his policies which Modi ji is not speaking against, will be implemented in the future when I will join BJP and Congress.  The answer to this will be found in the future and if he comes to power, he comes to some state, he comes somewhere, then if something wrong happens then he will speak, but today, the one who is in power will be spoken about the most, now you have a match going on in which all the bowling is the same.  If you are thinking about another batsman who was batting 10 years ago then  Now I was wondering what to say about him, whether his batting is good or bad, coming to the third thing, people keep on talking about higher order thinking, I will say a little about it as an example, a report came recently, you must have seen that in IIT, 38 per cent of the students are getting admission in the IIT.  There was no placement so now it is spreading that it is not happening even in IITs so people are going into this thing, oh this is not happening, this artificial intelligence will take away the jobs, all this is creating a lot of noise, okay and IIT at 38 Its data came out through RTI, some IIT professor took the RTI and IIT gave the data, people did not get placed on 58, so this is the first odd thought, if somebody tried to do some higher research on it that brothers and sisters, on 50  If there is reservation, out of 100 students who come to IIT, 50 come from general category and 50 come from reservation category and if you add the other one in it, then that 10 is there on that too, that means 60 are those who come under upper caste, who are from economic category.  Those who belong to the weaker section come, so these 38 children who are not getting placed, how many are there in this category, this is not politically correct, it is a bit embarrassing to ask too much, 30 children are from reserved quota who did not get placed or it is equal to 1919  Is there any different result in SC, different result in ST, different result in OBC, this is called higher order thinking, not much about how much reservation is helping and how much it is not, this is called having an open mind, this is what it means  It's not that I am saying to end the reservation, someone is saying to increase it to 85, that is a different topic of discussion, but when one says such things, one feels scared that we will not even analyse it, it's not a matter at all.  We will not do it, going to a deep level to understand and explain anything and think about it is called higher order thinking and that channel is for that only, this is youtube0 and things are not understood, although I also do stand up and sit down comedy, big people  we can enjoy even without watching  If you watch it without any tension and without feeling like you are being taken somewhere forcefully, then you will enjoy it or you will watch it with a spirit of learning or else you should be rich in life to understand the things of the channel, I will also tell you one thing that you are rich If you have very fixed opinions, you cannot do higher order thinking that anything is told to you, it is something like your mother's face is made up, you come home, if you are married then your wife must have done something, this is first order thinking  but it may be mummy's mouth, it may have been formed because of something that happened four days ago, it may be nothing, then go deeper inside, think of something, then why did the wife do this, then why did mummy do this, then what happened, but what is this In everything, the brain is put under pressure for higher order thinking and you have kept your brain mortgaged to many people, many people come and take away your reels, your boss takes you, your desires take you, your yearning takes you towards life  There is a lot of stress in life, the stress reminded me that I will also do a workshop In the off month if you want to join the workshop especially for those who work in corporate then write CS, corporate stress is mostly on corporate but it will be for the job also but its orientation will be mostly for corporate job so you can join that  So let us do higher order thinking, now let us come to the fourth question, it is very interesting, Guruji, tell me, is Congress good for the middle class or BJP, now I have told you about higher order thinking, if we do first order thinking, then BJP is good for the middle class  It is good, straight forward, what does Congress do, Congress is actually engaged in doing good for the poor and all the programs are for the poor, for the poor, by the poor, everything is like that, BJP is a party that will do good, I am the one who tells stories I am forming my personal opinion, no need to feel bad, if the ideology here is right then BJP will tell stories, will also do good, but they will give 8500 like this, they will give it like this, they will give it like that, if they do not do it like this, then it is good for the middle class in first order thinking Because this money belongs to the middle class taxpayers.  This will be given for free if no one gives it out of their pocket then it is BJP's habit what should happen, you are crazy about someone I am crazy about love, someone is crazy about someone, it was a picture, someone is crazy about someone, I am here to break your love I don't come for this for anyone, I say that you have love for someone, we will also tell you some counter stories, on listening to those stories your love will increase or decrease, something will happen, okay, if it is decreasing, then you are getting more sad  So brother, don't listen, it's okay, if it is increasing after I told you then increase it, even after I told you it's not decreasing, I tried a lot with someone, it's still a very good thing, if your belief system did not crack, then this is lower, first order, thinking higher order.  Thinking says that if I can earn more money through the consumption market, through businesses, through all these because wherever the middle class is doing jobs in isolation, these people also come in their consumption, from soap and oil  From scooter to Honda, see where the share has gone from in the past You can see the share price of Bajaj in the last 2 years. I am talking about motorcycles because people have not yet been able to afford cars. So, whatever the government does somewhere, it has a spillover effect. Keynes was a great economist. Read him.  Trying to do this, all the theories of Keynes cannot be correct because even if the state takes everything, the state does not have unlimited resources. But to say that the state has taken all the resources and will not spend even 20, 30, 40 or 50 rupees, that will destroy the economy.  Many times it will happen like this, in old times when there was a drought, the kings would build monuments and get ponds dug. If you look at the old history, we have only read about Hindus, Muslims and Mughals and these atrocities, and you want to read about such things nowadays.  Well, I don't know what actually used to happen, I don't know, there used to be a small state in Rajasthan, if we call it Rajasthan then we would say Rajput, from Rajput we would say Mewar, from Mewar we would say Rana Pratap, so we know just four or five names. Brother  They ruled for 700-800 years, even the Rajput kings did a lot of work but they never told the story through documentation, you too know that today they call Udaipur the City of Lakes, where is Udaipur, how did it become the City of Lakes in the middle of Rajasthan Someone told me that after that I will teach you these good things also, then you will say that Duggal sahab has now become a historian, Duggal sahab can become anything, okay, so if you talk to me like this, then I want to tell you that  I think BJP is good for the middle class, it is okay because it is a straight forward work, but BJP is following the policies of Congress and I feel that the implementation is good, Congress's ideas are good but the implementation is bad, like I am telling you  As an example, I will tell you, there is an opinion, you should tell me if you found this opinion right, I am going to post my opinion about Yogi Adityanath ji and my opinion about Akhilesh Yadav, about UP, now listen carefully, what is the opinion of Yogi Adityanath ji  Discipline Law  And order and this thing which happens, such control is extremely good, extremely good but the person is all the focus is here, the focus is here so he did a lot of good as well, secondly the focus was on delivering the scheme to the beneficiaries but governance, truth, infrastructure and all that, something beyond that  Akhilesh could not do much, it was better, Akhilesh's Pakistan was ruined, things were bad, so now it is not so easy, that is why many times it seems that if power comes and goes, then it is fine, it is like whether you send potatoes or mangoes every day.  How to eat four, eat a little of that every day, what do you say, how to drink lassi, drink mango shake some day, okay it is something like that and this is the fact that if that person suffers for a long time for 10, 15, 20 years, I am not saying this I don't know for how many years Yogi Ji will stay in UP, it is the job of power to change at some point or the other. I am not wishing that I get changed soon, nor am I in anyone's team, but I want to say that  The person who supported Akhilesh Yadav for three-four years, his father and uncle  Ji did not let it happen, okay, he used to come to the assembly and meetings and call me Tipu Tipu, so in the last six years, in just one year and six months, he became a person on his own in one called shot, I became a judge.  Learn his lesson that brother, people like law and order a lot and this is not so much in appeasement, this time when I come, I will not let law and order get spoiled, this is my own independent thinking, but people also like this infrastructure, these highways, highways  He said these things, people also like this, now Yogi ji has to see that after this as well, he has improved the law and order, he has improved the beneficiaries, so do I have to just stop at this, is this all I feel?  This is my view that not just us but all of us will get fed up of this one day when the law and order was very good for many years, people also remember when it was bad, I am giving this example from the perspective of politics. Many people will forget now, like I was listening to Priyanka Gandhi in Amethi  There was a speech by Rajiv ji that Rajiv ji used to come here and like this, hey brother it has been many years since Rajiv ji passed away now, you should not have aroused so much emotion in the speech among the local population because the voter of today is 18 years old  So he was born in 2005, in the year 1991 and he must have last gone to India in 1991. Before that, when he was the Prime Minister, he was only till 89, so those stories were written 35 years ago, so the one who is 45 years old today, he too is 8 years old. He must have been 10 years old and he remembers a lot, so you can see that all the voters who are below 45 years of age, all the older ones have become so old that they are not able to understand anything, they are still not able to speak and recognize their audience.  It is necessary that you cannot eat the bread of just one thing, someone is eating the bread of your emotions, someone is eating the bread of law and order, someone is eating the bread of faith, some are beneficiary because what about the beneficiary, this is the law of diminishing returns, now Modi  Like ji said in a speech that if they give 5 kg ration then brother remember that this means that he should show by doing it that brother I am giving it and it will be a sin if you do not vote for him and I am not telling it by doing the exact worm atom youtube2  Yes, when you keep getting it for so many years, then you get an entitlement and then it does not seem that you are getting it, like many people in the country have got freedom, so it does not seem that you have got it because you do not know when you got it  It happened after 1947, till 1960-65, people were very proud that they had got independence, nothing great was happening, there was poverty in the country, but still it was like, at least we are not getting beaten up by the British, it's good because they remembered it  No, those things which were born only after independence, now they do not know, so the ones who do not know, they do not know, this is one thing that has changed, now in that the old people said that we have brought the boat out and come safely through the storm.  Keep singing those songs of mine, it doesn't have any effect, those songs at that time  They started teaching those songs to the next generation, now this generation which will be 18, 20, 25 years old in 20224, yes, they remember the song that I am talking about, it is the song from Kisli Laaye Hain Toofan Se Nikaal Kar, right? That is not remembered, if it is not there then it is not there, what is there to feel sad about, it is an ever dynamic thing, every time you feel nostalgic, that's why you say that they did so much, did anyone do it, Congress also did a lot, everyone has forgotten it because they again did some nonsense If you do these things then if nonsense things happen now then people will forget the old good things, life is like this, look inside the family, there is someone who is doing a lot of things right, if something does not go right then there will be anger, look at your office, you are in the office  You have been working so hard for two, four or five years, you have been working so hard for the whole year, the appraisal period has come in 15-20 days, you will have a lot of arguments with each other, or you said something or he/she misunderstood something, there must be some issue.  The incident has happened, your appraisal will not be good, now there will be stories in it  While telling, I remember, I don't remember that day, but look at that, how bad it is and someone took it away in 202 days, the same thing is happening in the story, that is why some BJP people and their devotees are getting very upset many times that hey  What is this happening in two-three months ? This kite is being blown from here to there because brother something has gone wrong. Have too much ego, what is Keralasusvideo? The realization comes quickly that there will be a mistake, even if you don't accept the mistake, but on the mistake  They definitely act. What about Congress? It is like an elephant. Congress is moving. It will take a lot of time to change its move. It will take a lot of time. People will run out of patience with Congress. But the thing is that you cannot ignore that elephant, no matter how much it moves.  Even if he is slow, he means he is such a fun-loving person, he represents a different India and sometimes the fast India is when he is half-hearted and is getting tired and even after running so much it seems as if he has not reached anywhere or has reached somewhere.  I am not able to taste anything then are you looking at that elephant or have you also reached here it is like which rabbit and  The totoys wali totoys have also reached here, this same concept which is the difference between Congress and BJP, I want to explain it with a very classic example, understand this only then you will understand what is good for the middle class and what is good for you in the middle class too  So there are people of different tendencies, the difference that exists between Congress and BJP is the same, you can say the difference exists between India and China, in terms of sense of urgency and discipline, China is very disciplined, sense of urgency, BJP is very disciplined, okay Whatever is the work of BJP, they did not even make a sound in it, and look here, Shruti Choudhary and her mother's ticket was cut, so there is all the crying and whining here, I am talking about Congress, they are fighting on the stage Rao  Dan Singh and that Rahul Gandhi sitting in the middle, the votes are looking like this, this democracy and India, Rahul Gandhi is sitting like this, he is doing this here and saying this and that here, stop friend, the public is watching  There is a fight going on inside the meeting  He is fighting in a rally full of people and what is funny is that it was Bhupendra Hooda's seat, Kiran Chaudhary ji, Bhupendra Hooda went to speak and the seat on the stage got vacant, Kiran Chaudhary ji sat there in the front, Garj Chaudhary came and sat there. Yes, it is fine by doing this and those poor guys are coming back, Hooda sahab, why are you looking for a seat in Congress, brother, this is comedy but many people may like it, there is a lot of discipline in BJP, they gave tickets to so many people  There is pain sitting inside but you don't have the courage to say it, if you identify the race, higher order thinking then it becomes grey, okay and then I will do this also someday, then I will tell you, I can make one such video every 5 minutes  I will first say that BJP is good, then you will accept it in the first order, then I will prove Congress to be good in the higher order, you will accept that too, then after that I will make BJP good, after that I will make BJP good, so  Then I will make BJP win, then I will make Congress win  I will make him win and then I will make BJP win, every time your higher order will keep going on, then in the fifth or seventh time the brain will lose its power, then at one stage you will say do not make him win because every time it is logical, logical, logical, that first I said that  First tell me about the first order, then teach me more economics, then Congress starts looking good, then tell me something about them, brother, they are very weak here, they are making a big mess here, this is it and here this will happen, that will happen, then you will say yes  Yes then BJP is fine, then tell some story in that BJP, they will do it like this, I want to give you freedom by telling you one more thing, I got a very lovely comment saying Guruji, your channel gave us a lot of fun with political toxicity  He is coming and saying that my wife and I watch your channel. Subscriber 's WhatsApp is dangerous for the country. It depends on who you are. You can fill in the blanks for anyone. You can do it in religion. You can do it in party. You can do it in person.  I can do it, I can do it in ideas, I can do anything in policies  Ho dash is dangerous for the country I want to tell everybody all my country men through this now watch these are big important things, I will tell you a little at the end so that this channel is not seen by many people, this is not something that everyone can understand, I want  To tell my country man India and Bharat is really a great country that nothing is dangerous for us Hey, why are you saying this, there is nothing, we are the most dangerous for everybody in the sense that we have so much strength that no one can destroy us Perhaps here the Sanatan Dharma which is the religion of the majority and which is the way of life and what is called earlier it was Indu, from Hindu it became Hindu but it was a way of life because understand carefully when religion emerges from way of life and from it  Something is told to the people living in a geographical area, that thing can never be destroyed, nothing can be dangerous for them till they do not control that way of life because Sanatan and Hinduism are the only religions in this world which they  From the Off Life  It has emerged in all other religions, the way of life has emerged from this religion that this is a religion, it says that one has to live like this, you are understanding it, I am not disrespecting any religion, I am just telling you a basic difference, I am telling you a basic difference, world Take any religion, it is a very good religion, they say good things, everything is respectable, everything is very basic difference that a religion was formed no matter how it happened, whichever religion it is, that religion brother, you have to live like this with that religion and there is another Sanatan which  We used to live like this when Shankaracharya went to Nath in the 10th century, by forgetting to check the exact date, he told that come on, those who are of this way of life, now come, now if we come under this umbrella religion which is called, then everything will be fine  It is possible, I am saying such a wonderful and wonderful thing here, so brothers and sisters, when your way of life is questioned and an attempt is made to fit you into this formula that this is religion and from now on you will live like this, then I, the astrologer, have to question you.  hmm bye  profession, do not question me here that how big are you talking because here Duggal sahab is not me, otherwise you can tell me what have you become today Duggal sahab, okay but I am very good at religion and all these things Keeping the knowledge in mind, I am telling this very wonderful and lovely thing with great responsibility and this thing is so liberating for you people, if you worship anyone, if you follow Sanatan, worship a tree, worship a stone, worship any kind of animal, it is okay in your  On the family who are listening to me, you can ask five different Gods, it's okay, it's not like this, you have to do this, no, you have to do this, no, keep a fast only on Monday, not on Monday, keep it on Tuesday, keep it for Hanumanji, no, no, keep it for Bholenath.  Keep it, no no many people keep it for Thursday some keep it for Saturday some keep it, don't keep it for the month keep it like this by the way here we only have actions consequences I hope you liked this touching the last thing that I will tell you and close it, what I told you about voting  It was like that brother this was so much  seats will come and in that I had said that these small parties will get one or two seats here, so people said that I also know the anti-defection law, brother, I am not saying that any party will get 70-80 seats  Two MPs out of them will leave, they cannot go, there is anti-defection law, but brother, if there are only two MPs and both of them left, then what anti- defection law is there beyond this, there were only two MPs in the party, both of them left, there is only one in the party  There was an MP and one left. There were four MPs in the party and three left. Are you understanding? I am telling you about the case where there are four, three, two and one. So, this one, two, three and four is going to happen in many parties. I am telling you this.  So many parties can merge, many party members can go, many can go like this and many will not go, they will resign their seats and contest the election again, we saw this also in Madhya Pradesh, brother five MPs resigned, so all five MPs  The seat has become vacant now, do whatever you want, that too is a possibility, so don't think like this that I will come and show you such videos.  Hmm, look, I might have made a mistake, I am not such a person, but this is very basic A B C D, right? How can you assume that I don't know about anti-defection law, I also know it, friend. Okay, a little bit of political challenge is going on, I am managing it. So, I mean, if you do this much information, then it is understandable for me, but don't do this much in the coming time, on brothers, sisters and climate change, after the elections, Agniveer, I did not raise the issue of Agniveer much in the elections.  I made only one video, got very good comments and there is a lot to tell but I did not tell them deliberately because what I know, what I want to tell, it could have affected the elections a little bit and I did not do it deliberately so that then my  Do not follow me and question my intention because my attention is not for political gain, my aim is actually to raise the issue of Agniveer and say how can the election be conducted like this, hey friend 99 lakh votes have been cast in Haryana, 24 lakh votes here-  If you influence there then it will be a big game my brothers Let the election results of Haryana come and see who is winning by how much margin. The margin will tell you how many votes were cast. There are 18 lakh votes till now. Last time there were 16 lakh votes. Out of 16 lakh, 13 lakh people had voted. Last time, the votes were 18 lakh, this time I am telling you only till then, more voting has been done, you are thinking that voting has decreased, votes have increased by 2 lakh, so don't say like this, what are you saying guruji, you are sitting with six subscribers  How much will the election be held? Election can happen brother, it is not like that, there is no need to cast a lot of votes, every person who sees it will also tell it to 100 people and if a video becomes a hit, then what is the problem if it gets 50,000 or one lakh views? Make it in shots and not repeatedly. If the video that I will make in the coming time is fine then you will get to know and my issue is still country because I want to tell my audience that nobody in this country has understood it.  Agniveer the way I have understood that the opposition party does not know anything, they are playing vote bank politics. Whatever I will tell you about Agniveer, there will be no vote bank politics beyond that, I will tell you this, I will explain this and it will talk about the country and I will tell you  I am telling you that in 15-20 days or a month you will start hearing about changes in Agniveer. This is my guarantee. Modi ji also has a lot of guarantees and I also have a guarantee. And nobody is against anyone. It is in the interest of the country.  And people will come and take credit for my words, I am also telling you this, first whatever I say, people will also take credit for it and this is what I want to tell about the country, that is why I am saying take this channel a little, okay, it will benefit us  It will be beneficial for everyone, this disclaimer has to be made again and again, gradually you also start realizing that when you start eating more, then you come to know with what feeling the food is being prepared, where is it coming from and what is it  Slowly you will realize that brother this might actually be some higher order thinking  Actually there may be independent people, actually this can happen just because you do n't see it much and everyone is working according to their own agenda and that is visible, clear cut agenda, clear cut agenda, I say it again and again if you are a devotee  Or if there is something opposite to a devotee and you are feeling very hurt then as a content creator I will have to take care of that as well, I can't say no, no because if I have an agenda, then I  It does not matter because my agenda is that if the devotee feels bad about the devotee or something opposite to the devotee happens, I should hold on to it on one side, this is bad, that is bad, many things of both the people, many good things of both the people  There is so much bitterness in the society, so much talk, so much what do you say, this kind of poison that is spreading, one cannot sit and talk about it, why can't consensus of the country be built, why is there so much hatred, okay then let's do an A to it  That will be my purpose and those are the issues. There is a need for a lot of clarity on these issues. Do you have any questions now?  As a subscriber, if you want to ask something, please write your question in the comment section. As soon as I get good questions, I will make such videos for them every 15-20 days or in a month and right now we will go live around youtube3.  We will sit and have fun that day, we will enjoy that day as they say if we want to enjoy, we will definitely eat sweets, it is anyone's wish, we will enjoy how we want, we will praise the one whose fours and sixes we like, we will enjoy a lot, result day is enough  The whole country felt like this, this time IPL went like this, more than IPL, I think, although I don't watch cricket, but I feel that this time we have to enjoy the elections for four days, 4th is the day to enjoy, it is a good day India.  It's a big day for us so we'll meet at 1 PM on Tuesday at 4 PM live so please there will be this many channels and this much data would be coming okay then we'll also have a small channel okay apart from that we'll also take our taste in different ways and  Those who want to taste, enjoy and find happiness in life, please come  The few that become that, brother, there are many channels, there are crores of channels, so the first person tells that friend, it's okay to come for fun, we will taste it all, whatever comes out will be there, I will keep the comment section open, it's okay for many people.  Yes, you must reply in the comment section, please subscribe to the channel, share it and enjoy, thank you Yuri much