Hello friends, five observations on the India-Pakistan cricket match that took place recently in the World Cup. These will be very good observations. You will get to know a lot by listening to it, no one analyzes these things, this channel is very relaxing and clarity giving.  The first thing is the signature that Babar Azam got from Virat Kohli. Many people will say that you do n't even watch cricket matches, yes I do, I don't watch matches. If while walking, I see something then its  I am telling my observation and I am telling about some things which are trending on social media. Babar Azam got this thing signed by a big player of Pakistan. Can you imagine India playing in Pakistan and the Indian captain got this thing signed by a big player of Pakistan. He also got his back lash signed.  It has happened that Wasim Akram said that if you had to do it, you had to do it secretly in the dressing room, why were you doing it in front of the world public? This is a very practical advice, although I think very practical but it's  A food for thought, you are praising him, this is what he is doing, despite the atmosphere being like this, what I would call an innocence is the thing about both the players, Virat Kohli can also be talked about here, why should you sign it? Under this, one more issue will come out. Apart from this, if you want a video, then I will definitely make it because he had also come to Boycott India Pakistan match. They do this with us there, it happens with the soldiers, you do not forget, you  don't do it like that  Yes, I have to give clarity beyond that also because this also becomes an issue. What is it that they fight there and then here they play, then they are jersey players and you are the captain and you have lost the match and you have lost badly.  In a way, quietly go out like a wet cat, I am that you are getting that signed in front of the public, in front of everyone, so it shows something and we should keep sports on this feeling, we should not take so much stress, this is another thing.  Who  We also have a great official, the secretary is fine, he was watching the match by going down in the crowd, it is a very good thing that he was not watching the shows sitting in the VIP box, when there was an old dispensation and he was a politician.  If you have seen him, he was sitting with big stars and he was watching, then it comes within the political signal and it should also be appreciated that he is watching and doing so unserious.  This is a good thing due to looks, I will not call it like this, they are acting like this, try sitting in the heat and see, then sit with the public and see right ahead and Chanakya ji of our politics is also sitting somewhere outside and doing his own thing.  I thought comfortably with my granddaughter, I was watching it comfortably, it was a good site to see, now as if so soon you will tell me that you are a devotee, if you are a devotee, then no one, what is it these days, every video says something to me, but now I have moved on now  In every video also, depending on the time, I will change, tell me something at this point, tell me something in the next, those who watch regularly, they know what I am, I am fine, so it was a very good thing to see, I felt fine, yes too.  They have also come to see the map match and along with that, the leaders who are connected with the general public along with them are called leaders and this goes in the back of mind that the people of the opposition should learn a little from these things, first of all it is not like this.  they used to do  Okay, it is not necessary to look like a king, you look good sitting inside a king and are doing your own thing. If you want, there can be another 15 minute topic on this because a lot of nepotism has been talked about on this too.  But I will also give clarity that if the administrator is a good father and the child is also there and jeans too and he is doing well then why not forcefully, from where will he get a new one if some buddy is doing a good job out of it.  Okay, the third thing I wanted to tell was an observation. After one five, I will also tell you the sixth. Now the sixth has also come to my mind, so it would be good to listen till the sixth, we will discuss about that also, then you will change mine, then my  You will take him from here to there camp, tell me till the end which party I belong to, okay, my claim is that I do not belong to any party, but you still tell me, okay, third thing, let's talk about the captaincy of Rohit Sharma.  The vibes of Rohit Sharma are not cool, disinterested, that means, one was the vibes of Mahendra Singh Dhoni that he was captain cool but like this and after seeing this and this change, he batted oh ho ho and when he got out, it was like this.  This is how he got out, these are the vibes that India can win the World Cup The Same Thing When Virat Kohli was the captain but not that Virat Kohli was very aggressive and I am very good with that  I will tell you the observation, you tell me, this is the observation of life too, it can be like this for you if you do extra polling or it can happen here too, the observation is this, did you see the aggression of Virat Kohli, when he used to be the captain, it is okay and you saw that Rohit Sharma  So it is absolutely true that if there are not so many emotions in ODI cricket then the chances of winning are more and under Virat Kohli we could not win big trophies in ODIs but did very well in Tests.  The thing is true for the test, aggression is needed in a test match because a man becomes cold in a test match, same is the life of life, a little aggression is needed in the long term, he becomes cool in the short term when any decision making has to be done.  So if you want coolness then Rohit Sharma's captain in one day can do well let's see it and he was also playing under him if you look at what he said in the presentation that this is the way it is looking.  Don't look like that, brother, let it go, it's okay, we are not very excited about winning or something that I saw with the BCCI President and the one with the top officials, that is, the number eight, you cannot remove them just like that. They keep hanging around somewhere and the friends with number four are also famous. Incidentally, I have launched a new astro channel in the comment section.  I also teach astrology, I am also an astrologer, so please, if you guys have not subscribed, then in the comment section, it is very good, very good Saral Jyoti Jyotish, its name is Sango, Saral Jyoti, okay, so you can join that also, Saurabh.  Ganguly ji's appearance was a surprise along with the BCCI President and that team because from Sourav Ganguly we get to learn that even with Didi, we keep it here. And yet you become powerful and then you are removed also and then still you are hanging around and yet you are not on wrong terms and bad terms with everybody  This is a very good observation and people should do this in the public space also. This should happen in the personal space also, we get to learn. Now there are four points. You have to tell two points, the fifth point is on crowd behavior, booing is not a good thing, Gautam Gambhir is the only one who came out and had this moral courage to come and say that what is this, I take it a little further.  I will go ok, two types of things went on this is a place where I have stayed for quite some time in my life I understand the feeling there I don't like this behavior I am not defending him, I am explaining, okay, so when you show like this, you show the other person how good he was, the people of Chennai gave him a standing ovation, first of all, that was 1999, by 2023 the situation has changed, second thing.  The same Chennai crowd booed the Sri Lankan players in 2013, so everyone is stuck with whom, this one is also a cry, although I am not like that. I am justifying the thing of 2013, I am doing this to Boeing because I want to tell that this behavior is such that I don't get along with my sister-in-law or uncle ji and inviting her to a wedding. Insulting him is a wrong thing, it is not your cup of tea, you are not at pan India level and I will clear that if you want that the army brothers have our place there and then we play with Pakistan and  That one, I will give 15 minutes of clarity in it very well. If you want, then as an audience, you can write it in the comment section because these are the topics of discussion and I am neither analyzing it in any way nor giving any answer, it is one sided. You guys watch it and enjoy it, then there is that topic, even if you don't have the answer, you want to enjoy it, if you want to do it, then if you have to call me, then don't insult me and if you want it, then you can do the match four feet. We will not play even two with you. There are nine matches in the league. One has been given to you. We will win only eight matches. And if the World Cup final is with you then we will not play even that. You take the World Cup, have this attitude brother, have this attitude.  And if you cannot do this for some reason, which we will discuss in that video, then you tell me these are the 11 players, they are playing in your country, applying for visa, for what ever region of your fans did not like good things, whatever  There will be reasons, it's okay, all blue is blue, it's okay, those players are playing 11 and you are like this, you are doing like this, having so much partition as a nature is correct, a cricket match is going on, someone is hitting good fours and fours off course, you are not praised.  You can do it because if your team is hitting the same level at one time then the crowd was silent, your players are batting, your players are bowling, hitting sixes and fours, you are getting out very tightly.  You are shouting, this is also very understandable, but if the captain of the opposition wants to say something after winning the toss, then you are shouting at him, this shows a very petty mind, it is okay, why do you do so much, who is saying that?  Make friends, hug, do this, do that, do this, do this, no, don't feel like doing it, for what ever reason, but doing this in reverse also shows amateur nature, I will just say this, okay now this  Will this thing be repeated in other places too? Here I feel that if Virat Kohli, who is an Afghanistan player, did this by doing Naveen, then when the Delhiites were doing it, then he just walked out and he just said that he was his.  That brother, don't do it, I think the players of the team have to tell the crowd that one gesture is enough to know what is happening, one gesture is enough, I think this should come up and all this will end.  Ahead This will be addressed because this is not in good taste because the whole world seizes you. It is okay, there used to be a Soviet Union, there used to be US and USA, they too had their revelry, this was there for so many years, but with a little management etiquettes, it becomes a civilized society.  This is the thing inside, I will make a video of 15 minutes in detail, the last thing, brothers and sisters, which is again observation, the name of the stadium is correct, earlier it used to be Motera here, your name will be fine.  So now that name has been changed, now is it a right thing to change that name? Is it a bad thing? Beyond this, again it is for 15 to 20 minutes that this is our big leader and hey, you have done so much in the name of that family. Isn't it possible here? Yes, everything can be discussed on this because the brand value also increases because now it becomes the same thing that when one's family is not ahead, will it have to be done at the same time because a very big leader will say leader. They will say that those who are from big states, have deployed their big elephants there and that belongs to the Election Commission, they have to cover it whenever elections are held, nowadays they do not cover the address, they do not cover it, that party has become irrelevant.  Has it gone or is it not needed? Were they covered in the last election? Were they not covered? Otherwise, earlier they used to cover, why they had planted so many elephants, then they used to tell them to plant their idols.  I have kept my statue, who installs it while he is still alive, but what brother is there anything further? No, we will install ours only and go after typing. Okay, so here too, something similar happens that you don't know what happens next because sometimes you don't know what happens.  Will they also ask about you next time or will they not ask, this can also happen, okay, so if you want a very good clarity on this, all these things like stadiums, airports, our institutions are named after them, many people say that  There are no public names Should I put the normal name or not? Do you want to discuss beyond this? Very good and earlier it was put in his name, in its name, in its name, now in its name, now change the name, do this, then on this.  I have very good clarity, so I will give clarity on this too. These were my five-six observations after watching the India Pakistan match. Which of these did you see, which one did you find disturbing, and which one did you like?  c you  If you have n't seen it then please comment in the comment section. Thank you very much.