Hello friends, five such stupid situations which can come back to haunt you later on, it is going to be a very interesting topic. I have to tell who all do these stupid situations and what could be the consequences of them. And I have had a lot of live experience and a lot of experience.  It's not like I just came to know about this thing, it was going on, so today I am thinking of making a video, first Randamal situation, girl here. I am addressing the mothers of women who, in this first Randmal situation, cry so badly about their marriage that the girl does not even get married and when she is crying, she does not know what the girl is going through, but when  She is 25 years old and now she is talking about marriage, which she completely refuses, now he will say, how can I explain this, we kept looking after the kitchen, kept raising children, my husband got like this, I too am like this. I too would have done that, every time the daughter never sees happiness, mother never sees happiness, she sees it in marriage, she sees that my mother is an economic slave of my father, so I want economic freedom, I want financial freedom somehow.  If I feel like it, then I will not be a slave to any man. Such a thought process occurs and sometimes in parenting, women used to show special attention to children and sometimes to girls in such a way that we  So if we kept raising you then it was not fun, that means we were not able to live our life. When such things are being said at that time, the result is not known. Then that girl would be 29, 30 or 31.  When they turn 31 then they will panic and when they turn 31 then they are panicking so you guard against this thing. The quality of your marriage is not the quality of life. Sorry, the quality of marriage is what children see whether it is worth it or not.  Look at that, fighting, quarreling with husband, being dissatisfied, crying a little, washing, this is normal, it is healthy, you can even say how much acting you will do, but check this, sometimes our nature becomes so much that we become filled with bitterness. Women are so full of bitterness now that they again say to the next generation, brother, not on this path, there is no happiness on this path, what other path will you get or not, we will see that it is won before us.  The second thing which is an example is the random situation of the parents, looking at the general reservation of the society, that if there is reservation, otherwise all our boys will become IS, all our girls will become IS. These parents give such exit routes and escape routes to their children by crying.  It is what it is. What is the point of crying in front of the children? Tell me brother, this is the law of the country, this is the fact. If you can't go here then do this, if you can't do this then do that. If you can't do that then do that.  Why is the youngster saying this because he is crying so much over the reservation because his father also agrees? If the father scolds him and says brother, be realistic, this is the way it is, if you don't get it, you won't get it, this merit will get spoiled. This will happen, that will happen, why discuss brother, why discuss, earn money or where you were born, you can change it by going back to where you were born, no reservation is there in your higher education but that.  If you have to enter higher education, people fail there too, then marks are not cleared, then you don't get reservation, you get rejected and then after that, you don't even get further jobs. If you leave, then do n't cry so much, then IIT is your fifth.  The government did this by opening up so many seats that it reduced 10,000 seats from 3,000 to 2,000. Sometimes the crying never ends. After 10,000, there are 500 government seats.  After making Rs 500, it becomes Rs 5 lakh and that reserved one also becomes Rs 2.5 lakh, which was once only Rs 2,000. If the reservation of two is reduced to Rs 10, earlier the reservation of one was Rs 1,000, one was open, now there are five reserves, now five are open, so one is in five.  There is no satisfaction, no, my rank is only 5001, okay, stop doing this approach, the third thing is corruption, there is corruption in the country, I want to make a video on this, you guys tell me. I have been thinking for many days on this also, I am going to give a lot of clarity on this. They cry so much about corruption, they cry so much about corruption and pollution also together, India is a corrupt country, corrupt country, every corrupt moment, every corrupt moment, after that, it is your child. Goes to Canada, there is no corruption, there is no pollution there, ok, there may be another 1.5 crore problems there, then you cry that in old age, I don't know how to ask, no, I did it myself.  You made your child hate you, is n't it Ro Dumal Syndrome? This is corruption, this is corruption. How much corruption is there. If I say more than this then a video will be made. Okay, this is corruption, it means every day we go out, someone loots our property, okay?  What does it mean? Check it out. A very nice video will be made on corruption. I am feeling great from within. You guys should ask some poets and poets to write some poems and shayari like that, then I will definitely make a video on corruption.  There is no no to corruption, I do not refuse it, it is okay and it is not a good thing either, but there is a limit to cry, in other countries also there are different types of it, okay and then there are different types of struggle also, okay.  So don't cry so much that everyone here is not the next generation, brother, we have so much corruption in this country, father speaks, mother speaks, it happens everywhere brother, thank you, okay, so this one, you keep one thing, the other thing comes for girls.  about i  I will tell you that the boys who speak are not boys, there is a new disease among the boys these days, it is okay, that girl trapped my friend in a false case, this is the syndrome of a liar, this is the crying of the boys, okay brother, let me tell you one thing.  If a girl implicates a friend in a case then there are only two possibilities - he was deserving, he is a scoundrel, he is right or brother, his luck is very bad, he is a very decent boy, his luck is bad, only two things can happen, there is no third thing.  There can be something in between, it's okay, you were a little mischievous, a little unlucky, you underestimated a little or overestimated, whatever you did, the situation will be somewhere in between these two things. Now you see that you are a scoundrel, so now you feel nervous.  It may just be on luck, do n't cry so much friend, you will remain single, girls are in demand, you will become girls, you will not do it because the sex ratio was 90, it was quite bad, it was very bad in North India.  So, if only 300 bachelor boys are left in it, then out of 1000, 100% girls will get married, so it is not making any difference and 300 will not remain bachelor anyway, that too, I will tell you what are the problems of being bachelor in future life.  It's okay, but it's not okay for girls to be bad mouthed all the time. It's okay, all are the same, not all are the same, neither are all boys the same, nor are all the girls are the same.  So pick any one, it is not the same, you only need one good one which works properly as per your requirement, do not take the contract of the entire female gender in the country whether it is good or bad, assume that the whole country will be well and so on.  If you have a bad encounter then where will you go. It is also possible that it was only you who had a bad encounter and everything else turned out to be fine. Okay, so a lot of time is being wasted in this and the last thing is the problem of jobs in many societies.  people are crying in  Even the parents keep crying, then you will send your children towards the disease of men, without experience, that means no one in your family has done entrepreneurship. Son, father is ready to sell the plot, that one from Ghaziabad, that one from Vaishali, that one from that one.  Sell ​​the plot, sell Hooda's, give Rohtak a bez, give the shop there bez, give Sagaj's bez to me, the entrepreneur, do something, study, job is also a thing to do, or a job?  Who has made it dirty in the society, all that is happening outside on the Internet and on social media, the weightage of all that is 10 to 20 in the minds of children, whatever is right or bad, the weightage of the parents is 80, the society should push a little.  It just takes confirmation in that direction. There are all kinds of narratives going on in the society, some say that the job is good, some say it is bad, all kinds of things are going on, but what kind of narrative is going on in your house? He will decide these five things, these are the five things, you will have to suffer because of them, be pragmatic, that son, the job is not challenging, it happens after four-five years, you get an idea, I will make a video on the job, by the way, I will give you all this clarity, this one is the age of one year.  At the age of 24, I don't like this so I won't do this, we have n't made much progress yet, we haven't reached 10 trillion dollars, but our capita GDP growth is still  It has not become 00 dollars, it is running at 200 dollars, the capita wala of fear on the country cannot throw tantrums that I will not do what I don't like you, I will have to do what you don't like for quite some time, some time you will  Have to do right and then depending on how you perform and how you invest and how much you do and how you live your life  And How What Kind of Mentors You Get What Kind of Exposure You Get What Kind of You Know Hard Work Which You Do and Smart Work Which You Do Depending on So Many Things Now May Be You Will Get an Opportunity to Do What You Like Other Wise  It's Not Easy Brother to Actually Do What You Like Mostly No There Are So Many Things Happening  What people don't like is mostly the same in the market so remove this thing from your mind that I will follow my passion and I will do and I want your passion may not be something which can be monetized and if it can not be monetized  So many people are roaming around with passion. If you run after passion then you will become a compassion net case. Compassion net case is after passion. These are five romantic situations, please get out of it, they are not going to help, they are going to cost you too much, it feels good when you are crying, I know it feels good, but if you know  How it will come back to hunt you, you will know next time, tell your country something is wrong, na, the country means the country, you can catch one thing of the country, everything is bad.  If everything is bad, then he will leave your country, your child, then don't cry that he doesn't ask, old age has become bad, he doesn't come, doesn't ask, doesn't see, doesn't see, he has gone abroad, you pushed him and sent him, remember, he is fine, thank you.  you very much