Hello friends, this is going to be a very interesting video, I am a little worried that people may not feel bad because in India, people are very sensitive and in this matter, most of the videos are made with low cost, but brother, if the low rate is the area and the  The place from which I come and the community and I come from is not known for that so it is very difficult for me to make it okay and the second thing is that it never does any good by making round and round negotiations so maybe make a small role  I am telling you that before starting the topic, you may feel bad but it is very practical. Tell me how you felt. I am telling you about retirement. Your father is retiring or has recently retired or you yourself are about to retire. If you are that.  You are watching the video, please rotate it in your circle, all of them, this brother is talking, what kind of talk are he talking, is it okay, Guruji is telling you something, I am telling you seven mistakes. Seven things that a person does and should not do on retirement: As you are approaching retirement or retirement day happens that today is retirement, we are okay with it, call it the thought process, call it mistakes, call it wrong notions, call them the things which you should avoid.  Your life is a comparison of many people's lives. Retired people's life is a comparison of all identifications. We are retiring. Many want to glorify that.  It should be known that you have led a very average life, you are not brilliant from anywhere, you are about to complete 60 years or the superannuity, right on retirement, because the one who takes VRS does not celebrate retirement, she quietly left today, he left tomorrow.  The work has started, he is not celebrating, it is the 60 year olds who are celebrating, you have to see that you have not done any great work, if you were actually intelligent and great, then the Indian economy would have been so prosperous.  It was liberalized in 1991 and it has been doing very well for the last 15 years. You would have done something else somewhere. If you could not do it then you were very ordinary. You were grinding mills and there is no joy in that. Celebrate It Hey, what are you saying, it's like this, once we retire, once we get married, once we get married, nobody is impressed if you're retiring.  Na nobody is very keen about it you may feel it's a great day in your life it is an ordinary normal day nothing to be very excited and celebrate about it because party abhi movie abhi bahu baaki hai 3035 saal aur jeena hai past 30 saal toh 35 You worked for a year, after the job you got married, had children in marriage, then raised them and then went to your office. Did politics, then cried for promotion, fought hard, got promoted, then raised children, got married, took me to the valley, there was so much activity and then you are retiring, now the next 30 years are nothing, don't jump so much.  Don't get excited right now, you have to worry about the future, he is not that big today, okay, so the first thing is this, the second thing is that I am retired now, so I just have to enjoy, so it's too soon to pursue enjoyment.  Don't run away, you will get a lot of time when the only enjoyment will be there and then you will get tired of that enjoyment too, so stop now, do not run away as soon as you pick up the car, he could have taken a holiday two months ago and it is not that he has not traveled anywhere in his life.  As soon as I wake up and retire, it is not that I have to fill some void, especially I get a lot of money in retirement, government employees get a lot, is it okay or do others also get it?  Something like this should give him peace, stop now, okay, the third thing is the biggest mistake that we do after retirement, we have to do a job, now you are stuck, man, when has he been driving us crazy, the first two points have been seen by you, now you are talking, are n't you, busy?  Yes, you have to do a job, yes, you do n't even have to do a job, you have done your job, friend, then you have to stay in the job for 35-38 years, it is someone else's job, wearing a tie and a shirt, hello friends, doing it is different, that is sitting in your own home but for someone else.  go and order  Playing is a different thing, they will come on that, that video will also come, those things will also happen. Subscriber Info is a webinar group, you can find it in the comment section, join those people who are facing this life situation because I will tell you what exactly to do, do not do the job with your hair washed.  You will go under the black hair and they will say, Brother, water has come, I have applied your water, this is what all these people go to HR and Admin and some of them do not get great jobs, mostly no one.  IIT IM or any 30-35 year old boy or girl, if not your child, then brother, there will be a lot of trouble, friend, don't do it, I am telling you to keep your self-esteem high, I know that money is important, time is also important, you have to pass that.  I will address everyone but don't do the job, don't jump and leave so quickly. Okay, third and fourth thing, people forget that he is retired, his wife is not retired, they think that she is a housewife. Come on, hey brother.  You have retired, you are sitting comfortably at home, what achievement does she have? In your retirement, your better half is mostly a housewife. 99 But it is like this in India. Even young girls are housewives today, so I assume. 58 59 57  Year old woman will be a housewife but she should also see that now I am retired darling coffee will make your faizal  Whatever is the name of your husband, who will make the dialogue, okay, I will make it, okay, he too is making a mistake, beyond that, bullying does not go on that much, no, you will have to reduce it a little, now that you are retired, no one else will tell you, I will tell. Start planning a week before the day of your retirement so that you do not feel that you have to do it after retirement. Okay, the fifth thing is that as soon as you retire, you don't have enough time to think about.  are  I do n't know what I will do if I get it, but suddenly you have realized that you are the one who has retired, the lives of other people are still busy. Was there someone of yours or was there someone with whose support you were thinking of building a house?  He is alive or his child is gone or some good programs are going on in his life, he also does not have time, then you reach out to people, now they do not give you that much love because they do not have time, you have time and  The worst thing that retired people do  Go anywhere, I was this, I was this, retired, you can do anything, retire, there is no post above the Cabinet Secretary of India, if that too, retire, then now you are irrelevant, no one is telling you that you are an empty cannon.  You were a cannon, you were a loaded cannon, you know the difference between a loaded cannon and an empty cannon, you no longer have gunpowder, now that bulb no longer has a filament in it, so just calm down everyone, you were nobody interested.  Nobody is going broke or very polite This one I was there I was this one I was there This one was there It seems that this is not a chair Is it a chair The current chair has its price Keep it at home and order it yourself  Keep taking out what is okay to take out, keep taking out, no one will listen, don't tell, no need to tell anyone what you were, what you are now, realize that what you were has been removed, what are you now? Dum hai that is going to sustain you for next 30 people, do n't know yourself.  Will use my what I achieved then no one is interested in getting Bharat Ratna once I got it  That's it, that's the end of the matter. If I ask the names of how many Bharat Ratnas in India, you don't know who got the last one? You guys don't know who got the last and latest Bharat Ratan? What is their name? Will they attempt the latest one? Is anyone preparing for UPSC?  It will be right and he will do it, no, Oli, he has got it, he has not got it, I don't know, I am fine, so no, I am not interested, I was there, it is fine, now there is a politician named by Deve Gowda.  Yes, he was the Prime Minister of our country, very few people know, many people, less, most of the people do not know when he was, now I should ask him, when did Devi Gada become the Prime Minister, before Chandrashekhar, or after IK Gujral? Was it after or before Vajpayee or was it before Vajpayee or was it after Vajpayee, which year was it, I do n't know about the Prime Minister, I don't know and he is living, it is not the past, it is okay, it means it is the past, it means it is late but that people.  Do n't know who you are, you are the Prime Minister, do n't know when he became Prime Minister, when he became where he was, what he was now, what he is now, then no, okay, the sixth thing is that people make a lot of mistakes by spending money on their relatives or on their friends or in their circle.  By spending money on party, we buy time or attention, we will celebrate someone, we will have a party on retirement, why is it a party, brother, if I could come after retiring, then what happened to the world, people retire, the world does jobs, there is no party in it, it is all party.  They are asking meaning you have lost your job, you have nothing to do, you are sitting at home, now its not a party, no, friend, you are misbehaving, no, social, social, first of all, you have to realize, it's not something great, it's a Day in your life you have not changed and since if you make a big deal about it then there will be more vacuum we are telling all this ki bhaiya apna kharcha pani karke  Don't attract, it is not going to happen, today there will be a party, today there will be clapping, today the photo will be taken, today it will be put on the page, it will be put on so and so, professor sahib, doctor sahib, IS sahib or this officer, that officer, there are 1.5 crore departments of the government.  And even in private, when you retire, you become CEO, VP. Well, in private, it is not so much about retirement because they keep doing something outside, which is senior. Those who retire at the level are transition, delay is nothing called, much retirement is more illness of government, retirement is ok and more is great achievement, ok is not achievement at all, more is normal day and behave normal, if you behave normal people will behave.  There is a lot of fear inside your house too. Father is about to retire. Don't know what he will do. People are also worried.  The wife is also worried. The wife says that he will be sitting at home the whole day. Now he will know what time all the mates come and go. I have no work at home and he will chat again. She is also very afraid.  Okay that's also Nobody is comfortable Nobody is used to having you in the house now you're also like Terry and many people I have seen spend their mornings with no work done  He takes the brief case and goes out, I don't know whether I sit in the park or come somewhere, don't be so enjoy, enjoy the company of your wife, enjoy the company of your home, enjoy the home, decorate the home, don't spend money left right center here  -Right there, immediate and the seventh thing which is a mistake, people start feeling that it is a mistake that now people are not respecting me as much.  You are not paying attention to me, now I am no longer relevant to me, my wife is the same, hey wife used to talk rudely earlier also, man, it has been 3035 years of marriage, she is not waiting for your retirement to do rudeness and take revenge, women then settle down  She makes you feel like this is your psyche. Children can and should misbehave earlier also. Children can do it. Children can do it on their own.  If you don't misbehave with your parents, then what are you teaching? Yes, children should misbehave with their parents. If they are not being listened to, they can do that. Your children are misbehaving with you. What do you want other's children to do? Batmeeji is yours, when they do it after retirement, you feel that I am of no use, that is why they are doing it, this is a color thought process, and there is no change for you in the family. You are as dear to the man in the family as you were before. Earlier also such aarti was not being performed. Remember that 59 years of age of 56 55 52 when you and such aarti had to be performed. You thought that you are relevant. It is.  Your perception was ok earlier also and now too, their life is busy, yours is busy, now will I teach you how to stay relevant by not making these seven mistakes? If you want to do a job, then I will teach you what to do. Do you agree with this? Those who are retired or have done so, or should not do a job, I am not at all forbidding to earn money, I am absolutely forbidding doing anything.  I am not busy, and this happens to many people, friend, I have to stay busy, I have to do some work, that is very low, just to say, now my time should pass, if you go to pass the time, then the time will not pass, you should go.  for m  Should be, I don't know, I will be three times busier than I was in my job, I was not doing anything, now I have to do a lot in life, even at the age of 65, big people, I do n't know what made me a KFC guy, which was fine.  He is Colonel Saunders, I think it's okay, a lot can be done, okay, but if you do only this to pass the time, then your time will not pass. I am also telling you that you have to release there is nothing which.  Judge Changed Your Intelligence Judge Not Decrease Your IQ Experience Wisdom Nothing has evaporated suddenly just because you retired It is still intact Okay it is intact and you can do a lot with it What can you do Beyond that there will be discussion You would like in the webinar Other things can also happen in this connection, using the power of social media to increase your knowledge.  Reach out many times, no people, I am also in that category, I am very young brother, okay, my hair is white, age is very less, so many people like me, I want to come to meet you, I am right, I don't have time for you.  Pass time is your way of passing time, I can't become it. Yes, you have work, there is some intelligent proposal, there is some matter by all means, this too many things are kept silent for retired people, why don't they want to meet friends, everyone knows.  I am retired, this man will waste my time in the future, this happens to me a lot, people don't know, it seems like it is a misconception, what is that problem, I too have a little bit of gray hair, I am facing the consequences, it seems I am in their category.  Because they are also white, I am also white, hey brother, with knowledge, one can become white very quickly, one can become white very soon, so I am not in that category, many people like me are retired people, let us not meet.  I will teach you, stay in your home, do webinars and learn comfortably, make your own notes, and please give them to your parents who are retiring, and do not make these seven mistakes. Which of these were you doing? Tell me.  Thank you very much