Hello friends, the budget is going to come tomorrow, seven points on which budget we should look at, the things which I will look forward to the common man, you also listen to these things by listening to them, you will get a lot of clarity and better understanding, I will tell you things in seven points so that  Because after the budget comes, you know that the opposition has to oppose it, but we already know them and we have to do it, we already know about many things, but I want to get my syllabus out in advance.  I am doing this so that when the budget comes, if things have happened as per this then we can judge it accordingly. I will tell you what is the focus beyond that and what is my wish and desire, if there is a desire then it is very good but focus.  Beyond that, the most important thing is what no one is saying, no one has said it anywhere and we have to pay attention to it. Edge Indians, the first thing is how much is spent on defence. It is very important that without a safe India, India cannot be developed. 1.6  1.7 is the focus of the budget only, so much focus is not given to it, it does not even come out of the mouth of the Finance Minister, it remains written somewhere in the speech and later research has to be done somewhere. You see, is it not so this time too? Listless work will not work as it has been done before, because if it continues like this, then it is 100% certain that you will be criticized again. This time, give the speech for half an hour more. Parliament goes on like this in Parliament. Tell me everything on defense.  What is the exact expenditure, it should come out from the mouth, it should come out in the speech and the percentage of budget should also be known. % is my wish list, minimum should be required which is the threat of Pakistan and China and it will be a signal to these countries that we should also spend here.  Because you keep increasing the salary and pension but do not increase the budget and then say that it increases as a percentage, so it will have to be like this, I should keep the budget at ₹1, the salary was ₹, that was  70 80 If it continues to grow, this first point will be mine, second will be what are you doing for jobs creation, this is not needed in the scheme for money, now we need this India, dash India, this value, India, that India, this thousand crores, not 2000 crores exactly. What are you doing for job creation, how many jobs will be created, where will that money go, it is related to that, the third point is what you do to push real estate.  There will definitely be a desire to know what changes are made in the definition of affordable housing. In big cities, affordable housing is a matter of 60 square meters and in small cities it is 90 meters square meters. Will we get tax intensive incentives in it, will there be one GST instead of five, will it be revised? And the limit of income tax rebate in section 24 which has been stuck at Rs 2 lakh for so many years, who is paying interest on Rs 2 lakh, today we are getting some crores.  If you are getting something for less than Rs. 10 crore then 85% of it is interest. Even on a loan of Rs. 1 crore, Rs. 85 lakh is spent. Even on a loan of Rs. 50 lakh, Rs. 45 lakh is spent on interest. Which house can be bought for Rs. 25 lakh?  Where is it coming from, tell me, now at least 2 lakhs should be increased in it, that real estate will be boosted by this, taxes come on the fourth thing, you have made so many slabs, they are 9 to 12.  Lakhs 12 to 15 lakhs and that much should be reduced by reducing the slabs and giving relief to the common man. Don't give relief of Rs. 9498 in that 000 tax is saved per year. Wow, no, it should be visible in good sizeable form for every person in the tax labs.  There should be exemption, corporate was taxed at Rs 25 and common man's tax is Rs 33 in higher slab, so please reduce that also because the tax of corporate is less. This is what was said when it was reduced that it is being reduced so that there will be job generation, it is not so, everyone burps, no one has been reduced, the fifth thing beyond which I will keep a very sharp eye is that Some separate money is being given for Andhra Pradesh and Bihar because in this I will ask you for your opinion and wish list that if you want to give it to Andhra Pradesh then give it because I think Chandra Babu Naidu ji is a good allocator of funds, if you give it to them then  welfare of the country  It will happen because I feel that he will do good for Andhra Pradesh but giving money to Bihar is like breaking a bridge. Giving money to Nitish Kumar ji. I am not against Biharis nor against Bihar, but the one who is running Bihar in Bihar.  He is facing such a fate that the opposition can't stop him because someday he may go to their side and how can the BJP people say anything to him because the government is running on his crutches, don't the BJP people like Nitish?  Neither the opposition would have liked Babu nor perhaps the people of Bihar would have liked him, but he is so rich in luck that everyone has to face him. And he is not a person to whom if you give money, he will benefit me from Bihar.  I don't think Bihar should get any special treatment. I am again saying that I am not against Bihari, I am not against Bihar, but brother, if you give money to that person there, then you see, no one has even bothered.  No mistake has been made anywhere, so many bridges have collapsed, so many bridges were built costing crores, they did not belong to the Central Government but to the Bihar Government, nothing, two or four JEs were suspended, they were suspended here and there, just this faulty designing, everything, corruption means no mouth too. Brother, the bridges are falling down, will no one open their mouth? And then give more to Bihar, give more brother, don't give and if you want to do some good then do it through the seams of the centre, do it generally for everyone. Bihar will have to see how much it will be. I will go into the sixth thing that a scheme for the poor will have to be brought. Some scheme for the poor will have to be brought but this time it should be women centric because no one has any intention of giving money to men.  If you give it to someone then people can smoke bad beedis with alcohol. This can happen. So, whenever you have to distribute things among the poor, whatever has to be done, you have to share it with the women. Still, something can happen in the family. Don't do it like this in general.  Then, according to me, a lot has already been done for the farmers. Bhaj brothers, you are not getting the votes of the farmers anyway, now the money is limited. I am not against anyone here, I know that the budget is standard and not a cut copy.  Do not run by pasting, this time you will have to do something different, this time you will have to spend somewhere else because the resources of the country are limited, it is not that there is unlimited money, so here every time Kisan Nidhi Sn Samman Scheme, this scheme becomes theirs.  Neither do they feel that respect nor does anything happen to them. Brother, give a chance to other people too. Focus on the people of the rest of the country also because if the middle class gets scattered from you BJP people, then there is no one to sing your praises like Bhopu.  Those who sing the song 'I am a political' are also telling that, I am not, I am not at all immediately wishing from within that BJP as an idol, BJP as a party because it is becoming very weak and there are some people who are trying to weaken it. Why is BJP so concerned about it?  weakened quickly  I am going through this because many people are saying now are you a devotee or not a devotee, I am BJP, it is a good party, a very good idol, it is living a good life, no other party will fall at such a speed, not even Congress should fall, Congress free India.  If it is not good, then BJP-free India is also not good. Parties should be at the same level, but if talent check is done on all these things, this time Nirmala ji will be clapped openly. If things are good, brother, if things are not good, then there will be condemnation.  Don't do it because there is democracy in the country. Even when Nirmala ji's husband can come and speak himself, other people should also have the right. It does n't happen that just because it is a personal thing, there is so much democracy in the country that Nirmala ji's husband.  Those who are themselves intellectuals, economists, very intelligent people, they also do this, so we too should have some rights, if things do not go well, then we can call out that this is just cut, copy paste.  The budget came like this and did it like this. Earlier the budget used to come in a brief case, then it started coming in red. Apart from these superficial things, the country needs something. Finally, my seventh point comes, listen carefully, at the end of the budget, this time the public.  Will you tell me how is the budget? Now what is its meaning? Open the coffers a little and everyone should get the feel good factor that everyone has just enjoyed something. This time one should not get into the trap of headline management. This is my request because How headline management is done, I will tell you Godi Media, four rupees will be in Delhi somewhere and such a rupee was given to a poor man, this thousand crores, this crore is 140 crores population, whatever it is, divide it whenever you want, when you get 1000 crores. Brothers and sisters, if you divide 140 crores by 140 crores then you will get ₹ 1 paise, remember this, do not jump on this, first of all, because Godi Media will do this, then Industrek is something.  No choice, apart from flattery, you have done corporate tax on you and that 25% of yours, no one asks you further, but what do you do about CSR, there is no accountability, so you will celebrate everything, India Inc. no this time.  We the people of India, we the sovereign will decide the budget is good and not because don't look at an average man, I tell you these are pink newspapers, they are very sexy, they are good, they are CEOs like this. Want this capital, do this, why what will happen due to your wanting, will the common man also want you, so you all have to come and give thumbs up, the headlines will be managed in these big pink newspapers, the headlines will be managed that yes brother, this.  It is like this, but this time we will not let it be managed because there will be budget of youtube0 time and I will come or it would be better brother, there is no prejudice of force, that is why I made the video first.  I have told all the things on these things but I will come and discuss again. Yes, what did you do, what did you do, how much difference will it make, okay, brother, the things which are good will be clapped completely and if non-descript and it will be gas released and such nonsense.  So it will also be told that he did that here, the headline was managed from here to there because the schemes that are there have not been effective, many things are done directly, like if you understand that if I collect government tax from you, then From the flats in the slab, it was Rs 20 and now he has reduced it to Rs 10, so this is money directly in your pocket. There is no need to stand in line for any scheme, cut the slip, show the identity card, that is Aadhaar tax, there is no need, you can speak directly.  Yes, if I get anything left then how many thousand crores should I give, give or not give, who knows in the line brother, he will waive the loan, he will waive the loan, he has so many scams to waive the loan, he does not make anyone forgive, it is written along with it.  If you have waived off the loan once, you will never get it again, then who will waive off their loan of Rs 50,000 if they never get it? The catch will never be told. The head management is doing it for the last 10 years. I am telling you that it has been successful for the last 10 years and many people.  I was also afraid that yes man, that industrialist has written this in these newspapers. If someone writes these are expensive newspapers, the pink ones come for Rs 12,131. I think this is less.  People read less English newspapers in India. On top of that, business people read even less. These newspapers will tell you some great shows. Good India Inc. celebrates. So people think that I don't have any knowledge. Seeing this, these educated people speak.  And then they will bring it on their news channels and it has been there the fiscal deficit has been contained well and we are progressing and this RBI has done this these fools  In India, they make one speak English otherwise it seems that one is intelligent and they make you a fool by making you a fool, that is, they make you stupid. For a long time, this opinion is mine, first I will speak, now I will speak, I am a knowledgeable man, Guruji, I know.  Hey, I was also impressed by this style of Jaishankar ji for three-four years, then when I did my original research and asked people what was the benefit of foreign policy, I came to know that it is English, just this and will do and that.  Will stand Tata Teena Tata Teena, in the beginning it seems like this, what an amazing man, go to the white stage and do Tata Teena and say from behind, Hey, this was just for show, now do it like this, saying something is different, doing something is different, but someone call me.  There is no one who will throw you out because English is not spoken in India and on top of that it should not be a problem and no one can come and tell you directly, come and talk directly like us because I am saying that I am very dead, I am saying dead otherwise.  I too have been fooled for three-four years, this minister is very good, this one's performance is very good, we also say that to Gadkari ji a lot, this has been done, you are poor, where is the infrastructure needed, where to invest the money, where to build where to build the road. Infrastructure has to be laid all over the place. If there is no manufacturing going on there, then how will the goods go from here. If roads are built then it is good, then defense is also very important.  China and Pakistan, what is happening in Kashmir, these trains have been involved in every five, six, seven accidents of yours. In the last one month, papers are not conducted with you. Look at what is happening inside the valley, it is a tangy force on things. Defense is not visible, it bursts later and it is the same railways, do n't give money for the maintenance of railways. Vande Bharat, come to show the green flag immediately. Vande Bharat, Vande Bharat Hari.  Jhandi Hey from you, the latest thing that has happened inside Gonda is that the track of that track has not been welded properly, so come to the basic thing, you cannot make dal, rice and roti in your house, you are going to make Sashi, this is an example.  I want to tell you this with full of emotions. Brother, do the basic things. No, should Sashi not be made? Shouldn't Jaani be fine? Should n't exotic dishes be offered? Is the country like this?  Brother, if the basic things are not good for you, brother, if you do not know the body mass then do not go to differential, because you do not know maths, first understand the body mass, first the question of bracket will be solved, then it will be off, then the question of division will be solved.  Then multiplication should be a basic. You don't know tables. You are struggling on 2 twos and four fours. You are struggling on 7 edges. You have started finding cube root and square root.  The first child is called like this, isn't it, friend, this one has done chapter one first, chapter two has been done, you have done the fifth class first, you will do the eighth class first, this has happened because the government can pick and choose because what is there in doing the basic things.  Must have done a basic thing, clapping and respecting it, even today I am telling you that the open defecation free drive, the drive of toilets was a very basic thing, but I have forgotten all that, I am not enjoying doing that now.  If we have to reach the moon quickly, I would like that in this budget there should not be too much planning to become a Vishwa Guru, there is no Vishwa Guru's work, our train is not at the Vishwa Guru's place, on the contrary, look here at the Vishwa Guru's place in Kashmir.  How are you, what is happening, things are not done like this, exams are not being conducted by Vish Guru, it is okay for our children, now what should I say, then if more people speak, then it speaks, it speaks more. If it was a song of life, then we will not speak.  Question Paper We the public will check Seven things have been told on headline management We have to see whether the government goes towards headline management Will take out opposition Will take out some opposition but we have to do this on things together because the opposition can come and say that the poor What did you do for this because brother, you can do anything for the poor, it will never be enough, even if you give lakhs of rupees to every person, poverty will not go away and how many poor people there are.  If 100 crores are poor then if you convert 100 crores into 1 lakh then where will you get 100 lakh crores from, still nothing will happen then the opposition will be different but what happens to us many times if after that we go into negativity to bring the budget.  So everyone gets into it, that's why I had to bring this video first so that I and my audience can have a more nuanced approach so that they do n't do it too, brother, if we see something happening on these things. So it is very good and if the headline will be management then we will tell about that also and you will see how it will run on the next day or that day or news channels India Inc India Inc I am already telling you I am India Inc this CO has given thumbs up name  I can also tell right now but I want you to also discover which chatu khor is that right in business because right what is needed is this is needed very good very good so all very stock market gives thumbs up this gives thumbs  Up and once again thumbs up point increased and decreased the next day and some more on the stock market too. If you want to see the genuine government then I will end by telling you one more thing and that is that the growth of my deposits and yours will be less than the growth of loans.  The growth of deposits is running at 10 per cent, meaning people are depositing more money at 10 per cent, they are depositing ₹ 1000000 and the amount for taking loan is 1314.  But it will pay, that is, if a loan of ₹ 1,000,000 is being taken, then it will fall short by four or five rupees and if it continues because why are they not making deposits because everyone is going to the mutual fund, why should you people become poor by putting money in the mutual fund? If you want this topic, then it will become a topic, but it will be made on Clarity for Youth, which is my separate channel, go and subscribe to that too, that topic will remain and write if you want.  No one has told us how we are becoming poor by investing in mutual funds, but I will tell you, and it is not that he is a click butt, there is absolutely no such click butt and Varku ji should also tell this because he is giving 90% money to everyone.  I will tell you how you will become poor by investing in mutual funds, which are stuck in SIPs for years, that is, are you thinking of becoming rich or will you become poor? And if all the people in the country go there, then the banking people will have to increase their interest rates. Deposits will attract money only then your interest rates will increase and then it will have a bad effect. You have seen the stocks of MCs running away and many asset management companies, so this will be a completely separate financial topic. This remains a bit political.  But I will explain it well in that but like it, share it and let's hope with crossed fingers that brothers will see, let's hope that I may be four and six, the government will feel good.  There should be a factor that it should seem that something has been given in actual, not just headlines, that if this scheme has been located so far, then nothing has come in my pocket, nothing has come in yours too, nothing should be visible to everyone for job creation.  In defense of real estate, in tax breaks to the common man, you put the rich man at Rs 25. The wealth is within his company and he gives dividend to himself. There also he pays tax at Rs 10.  The rich are paying less tax and the common man is paying more tax. What does this mean? Parents, my father, the government. If you do some justice then my father will judge the government's performance. We the people will judge and no one will be in a hurry to judge.  I will see the budget coming out easily, I will see the fine rate peacefully because people will jump very quickly to talent, it is either the greatest or very useless depending on which idol they are sitting on, if they support BJP.  If he is sitting against then he has to speak about the useless budget because how can he speak well and if he is with BJP then there is a compulsion to blindly follow the ideology or if you are blindly following it then you will have to sing its praises.  If I don't do it then I do n't have any pressure to praise it, that's why I have interest, that's why I came and defined this syllabus first because if I do it later, you will not speak because you  Is it somewhere on one side? Now, on which side have you sold? This side or that side, I have already told you all to watch here and what is the ultimate feeling that by the evening, if you enjoy something then you should see that feeling yourself.  Yes, I got some benefit because the time to pay the tax is just coming in July, those who are paying huge taxes, it takes a lot of life, it is okay to pay because nothing is happening outside in the country, if you look at it, there are no potholes.  the road is smooth Underpasses are not filled in the rains, there is cleanliness, waste management is also good, the poor are getting well in the country, they are paying so many taxes, the poor, the poor, they keep crying, then the man says, brother, please reduce your taxes.  The welfare of the poor is not happening, I do n't know how much I have taken, so how long will I continue to keep myself like this, there is no feel good factor, it is okay because if the feel good factor does not come here, then every time after the budget, there will be at least one in India.  At least one lakh people, if not more, decide to leave the country every year. I am telling you a figure, so at least the government should be doing such that those who have money are doing well. So many people don't want to leave the whole country, it's a different topic even beyond that, why do they go within themselves, what should they do, but you have to look out, brothers and sisters, as my subscribers, on headline management, you have to look out on the headline.  The management is not doing this forcefully, they will fool you by speaking English in the more intellectual sounding O-O style and by doing this O-O, whatever they speak in English, I also know English and that is why I know how to style.  It is done by beating, say it, wait a minute, tell it in simple Hindi, if you tell it, nothing will come out, under your able leadership we are going from strength to strength and these are so many 15  What did you say in the minute, you have chatted at home and the budget has been very good, the India Inc has done this celebration, what happened, what happened to me, what did I get, that soldier who is standing, Agniveer is standing, is he getting any pension, is he getting the equipment.  Is he getting thermal imaging? Is he getting armament carrier? Is the security of whoever is standing increasing increasing? He is not getting trapped in ambush. He has whatever he needs for his survival and fight.  Are they fully equipped to fight and protect the country or not? Do you also set up a security guard of your own in the society and look after him? Where will they get tea and when it rains where will they stand with a stick in their hands?  Well, he is fine, his health is fine, let's ask about his well-being once, the RW of the society, neither the RWA of the country, nor the government, and he has the right to ask about the well- being of all five. Tell me seven points out of seven, we will meet again as soon as the budget is completed and you guys please look out for that video too. How did you like this video, like it, share it and start reading the Economic Survey too, that is also a big thing.  Beyond that, if I get some details or something useful, I will tell you. Other wise, I have seen many places in the print media saying other wise or lipa poti is a lot. Jargon is used a lot everywhere. Jargon is used everywhere today. No one spoke on the day of Reverse Repo Rate Cash Rev Ratio, these four or five of them created these ratios, every time they speak in English, they do not tell a simple thing whether the interest rates will be low or high and they do anything to it, they are like this.  Is that the rent agreement? If you go to it then tenant and landlord will not be mentioned in it. Lease-lesser will be mentioned in it so that you will be able to understand who is the tenant and who is the landlord. Every business has its own business. Terms have been made by astrology, they have made their own, it is okay so that no one can learn astrology easily, Sango, astrology is simple, it is a different channel, it is teaching a different thing, I teach the same thing there, to understand things easily and anyone can come easily.  That's why I don't explain, otherwise everyone will understand. Everyone will understand, then how will those intellectuals be questioned? Through this channel, I want to bring everyone to the level of intellectuals that no one has come up with any special vitamin recipe like this.  someone read  It is not written, he has just learned the style and uses some four-five jargon and just by that you all get impressed. He has a lot of knowledge about the stock market because P-B ratio is book value and cash flow and so on. Discounted Cash Flow Dividend Value and Book Value Oh My God Yeh To Bahut Knowledge Leke Baitha Hai End Face Value ₹10 One IPO Sh IPO Red Herring Prospectus Yeh  There are 20 terms, there are no words, I have put the members on Clarity for Youth, if you want to take membership then learn it, I am breaking all the barriers that people have created, I have proved my knowledge to me many times.  They joke that you are Duggal Saheb, what can you become, why can I become, why can't you become, anything can be become, there are five channels running, anything can be done, I am just showing it by doing it.  I do n't mean to tell you that I am not doing it. People come to astrology class also, they teach everyone, everyone has work, everyone will teach economics also, because everyone should be able to learn anything, once they have learned it, how do they learn?  Learn how to learn anything quickly. Once you learn it, brother, you can learn anything. This is what I am trying to teach you. Today I have told you these points, so if you keep your eyes open and monitor like this tomorrow, then first of all you will on face  You will smile that wow question paper, you have written this one first, meaning this one which is not NEET, this paper which is published in the paper the day before yesterday is fine, will be praised and it will happen that if you have written that thing then check in it that all these things are  What was done for this, it is very important to do these seven things, please share, like, thank you very much.