Hello friends, I have brought seven amazing things, if you are between 18 to 23 years, you must do 18 to 25, but above 23, it will be a little big. This is a period of five years, if you listen as a parent also.  If you are, then please try to get your children to do it, show it to them, you cannot force it with today's children, so show the video to the children, tell me how much do you agree with them? What are its benefits, I will tell you that it will be a lot of fun. I have told seven practical things to many people, many have implemented them, many people are very happy. Whatever I am telling here, I am telling it to the children of the middle class and the rich.  It can happen for children also, it is okay if you live in a particular society like upper middle class, middle class, you are okay and your child has gone to college, he is 18 years old or is in the third year. In the fourth year, if he is in college or is looking for a job, is doing something, then asking him to do these five-six things or asking him to do seven things will be very beneficial for him and if the children are listening to me, then definitely do this. What is the end of it?  Parents' respect for you will increase a lot, love will also increase a lot and there is a lot of irritability in the parents because they are people, they behave in a very entitled type C manner and when the parents are very sad then they should tell their children seven things.  If you get all seven of the seven done then you will become Jhinga Lala. If you don't get seven then get five done. If there are no five then get three done. If three are not available then just choose two, it will be done easily, then seven things will be done. Let's start with the first thing.  Be it a boy or a girl, it is applicable for both, you have to give tuition to your child, teach anyone, earn money, teach English, teach Maths, John Saw is his subject, there is no child who cannot teach even if he wants to.  I am not saying that at all 11th and 12th coordinate geometry and if he is of that level then by all means he must know the subject, he must know a good amount of English, sixth class, seventh class, whatever, you will get it in the society itself.  You have to choose the subject, there is nothing about money, I am not saying that 10000 or 200 Haj, because when you start doing this, whenever you do this, you will get money because any money can be earned.  I am not teaching you to earn, everyone wants to earn but this is not a practical thing, it is very easy, four students, five students, 10 students, two students, six students, one hour not every day, not every alternate, his rates may be different for you, this work has to be done, it is okay, second thing.  Get your child to do a small certification course in those digital marketing skills. It is great if he works for someone else and he will earn if he understands it, otherwise he will need it for himself in the future.  There should be social media handles for all its types, so do this second thing to it. Social media is actually being watched not just by sitting like a consumer. Hey brother, some people should also go into its other side and understand how the algorithm works. facebooksignup  .in Skills, if this comes then the child's life is set. Many parents are worried about my child. I don't know what will become of my child. Worry is right. Worry is right about what will become. Make yourself instead of listening to what will become of the person.  The child is a good person, first of all he has started earning money through tuition, he is learning digital marketing and cooking, he will also help his mother in the house, mother will love him so much, be it a boy or a girl, he is directly supporting you.  There is a cook available and if the mother can help and both the children are grown up, both of them are cooking something and the father is also helping a little, then the hygiene conditions of food in the house are also better and the food also tastes good.  And If someone cooks food with his own hands, whether it is a child or a human being, he cannot go into depression, he cannot be sad, he gets a sense of fulfillment, when the dough becomes wet enough to make roti, then a transformation is seen in it, then you can become like this.  You take and make roti, then it swells like this, then on the other side you apply ghee and give it to someone, you eat it yourself, this is a journey to see that flour from here to here, that vegetable is lying like this, that after cutting, its shape changes, that turmeric. Valdi Mach Masala Lag, this is a very good thing, this is the fourth thing that you have to teach, in a controlled environment, I am not telling you to make your child a taxi driver, you have to make someone a car driver where he can charge money and help people in their society.  If you can help, you are available for one or two days, this will improve his driving skills, he will drive in a controlled environment, the child has learned to drive, he has got the license, but he is driving, yes, he is driving with his face raised, so you are speaking.  He is wasting petrol, now he has to go from here to there and he will come in the next fifth or sixth place, how else can you do this thing, your own child can be a shopping assistant for whom, for anyone in the society. Only in the circle of friends around you will they charge you money. This is the shame that Indians have to break. When you break this shame and start earning money, your child will reach places. A normal child goes anywhere, a fool goes to play with friends. Such a hassle, hey, he is shopping for jeans somewhere in the proper way, where he knows where he can get a gift, he will also go to the shopping mall to get food, he will also feed him, the next person is taking him in the car, so who will take his money too?  There are many of them, your daughter is 21-22 years old, there are many aunties who can be taken comfortably, those whose husbands do not take them because they are 60-70 years old, they must have a husband, they do n't know how to drive a car now or not to drive.  Whether one wants to go or not one wants to go, now the one who felt shy in this and ho ho ho did not like it, then you are middle class, you will remain poor, now you are becoming poor, middle class is fine, have you seen the child of a poor or a poor person?  He does not hesitate in anything and this is what our youngsters are doing by going to foreign countries and doing all the work. If your own children could not do it here, then this is not to make all the work permanent, it is to remove his hesitation and to save his time.  to utilize  This is for his child to earn money and to give him a confidence that he can earn money even without getting a degree because nothing magical is going to happen after the degree. You have to do shopping for yourself too if you want to help your child.  You say four kilos, this, 2 kilos, that one kilo of mangoes, do this and bring it like this, then what is that, if they go, they also do not want to order, they don't know and will not bring good quality, they will not bring good quality today, they will never bring good quality.  he will come just like this Declare, he is coming with the luggage. Bring the luggage, he will bring it. Tell him to do this. Sixth thing: It is very important to take the child to the hospital. The child himself has to go to his family. He has to go somewhere. Nothing comes for free even for outsiders.  The child is available, his time is available, time is precious, it has a price, he will go to the hospital, he will learn everything because it is possible that you too will need it tomorrow, so he knows all the systems in your society, there is a need to advertise it a lot now.  Not there.  Then you can fix his days. It is not that he has to do any work every day, it is not that he is doing all this work by leaving his studies. A schedule can be made for your child on a daily basis from four to six.  He wastes hours. In 30 days, at least 125 to 150 hours are being wasted. If he does all that work on mobile, then he will know which scale up can also be done. The seventh point is very simple and  It will seem a bit strange that he has to iron his clothes. Yes, press his clothes. Don't give it to the washerman. The washerman takes five, six, seven and 10. He takes more than the bedsheet and anything else. So in your family, whatever clothes he has, he will do the same as the washerman.  If he is ready to do it then you give him five, seven or ten rupees and he will do it well. He goes to wash, pours dirty water, lives in a dirty environment outside and does the same in the clothes of 10 people. Brother, your clothes are tied in a bundle, it is your own child, it is not yours, he will not do it, he will do it for Rs. 100, he will give money like this for free, no one does it, encourage him when he feels like doing one press, I will get ₹ 10.  You are getting 10 clothes at home. How many clothes does a family have? One for four people will be the same. Don't give it for yourself, but you can give it for your money. You, you are the father, I have pressed your shirt. give him ₹10  No, he is telling me to make him a man of Rs. Yes, I am telling him to make me a man of Rs. 10. Today he will become a man of Rs. Then he will become a man of Rs.  This is how counting starts. This is how counting starts. It starts from one. If you make a thousand rupees straight away, it may take you 6 years to make that thousand rupees. I am making you a rupee today itself and then it will happen.  could After a day it becomes 00 and after one month it becomes 1000 and after three months it becomes 10000 because it has started, no youtube1 every buddy starts from zero, any new channel will be created, it will start from zero, it is dependent on.  So many things will go, so I am starting you now, so what will happen with this, what will happen to the parents by doing all this, will the irritability in life go away that my child would do something?  Not only this, now you are seeing that your child is waking up on time, he is driving the car, he is ironing the clothes, he is also cooking, he is also doing some digital marketing etc., he is also giving tuition to the children. Now the child who is earning Rs 00,0000 is earning Rs 40,000. Now you open his demat account, get him a PAN card, open SIP of his mutual fund to manage his money properly.  Tell me more, son, this is your money but spend only Rs. 10000 on it and save Rs. 0000. Those children, brothers and sisters, come to me bud wise to do so much SIP like this, do it like that, they start from 24, now I am from 18.  I am saying, from 18 onwards, now apply Tigam 30000 SIP till 24 and 40 and 60, now apply the entire amount.  If you want to play, whoever is okay with it, he will do it in the beginning. The one who has learned to earn money, his attention is focused on earning money, now if he is focused on earning money, then do love night, will you get L or something, then that is okay.  His attention will be focused on it, then his friends will also become like this, then maybe he will get the idea of ​​making an app, then the idea of ​​a startup will come, then he will open a shop where the press is being done, where the car is being sold, then  Startup is done, I am that I am not asking him to do this work because he has to make him this kind of person. Brother, he can make a very good app in which all such people can come together, all become drivers, all become the normal people of all the houses.  They are helping in their own vehicles. Somehow, all of them are verified. They are earning money and cut it. Sky is the limit. Start doing it once. All seven things out of seven are double. If seven out of seven are not there then  Do five, do four, whatever you choose, do the following, do this today, do this on Monday, do this on Tuesday, do this on Wednesday, do this on Thursday, do it as you want, but this is a practical thing, if someone likes this  Feeling inferior. What's wrong with doing household chores? What's wrong with cooking? What's wrong with giving tuition? What do many people do? Parents think that if I have given tuition to my child, then these are my stories.  He will tell that I did my education through tuition, which means that the respect of parents will reduce because parents tell such stories. Okay, this is also a big problem. The whole outlook of parents is not to make their children do this because of their thinking.  The method is a bit defective, they feel that tomorrow no one should say that we did not allow him to study, we did it well, hey brother, he is wasting a lot of time, but not a lot of time, but if he is preparing for IAS.  So all this yes, if he is preparing for IAS then don't do all this because he has to prepare for IS. In 141 years, even Ram ji had come from exile, but preparation for IS is not completed in 14 years, people are fine.  So brother, if you are getting yourself prepared for UPSC then don't get it done, it is fine because he does n't know what he wants to become, it is fine, but if that preparation is not going on for you and you are a practical person, you want to be happy in life, you want to give very good care to your children. Want to be happy with the presence, you know, the child is a parent, all the parents listening to me is it a joy, the child is doing his own work, he is earning money, this is secondary, he has the ability to do this, the skills which I have told are very simple skills. Teaching food because while cooking, one's hands are used, one part of the brain is used in tuition, one part of the brain is used in tuition, one's skills are used in driving.  It is used to take people to the hospital, to help someone, to go shopping like this, to know about the world, to know what is happening at home, to do your ironing, this is theraput. I want to say to all of you, no matter how sad you are.  And those who are depressed and live like this, start doing your press, these days the steam press comes when she leaves, by doing this it is as if her steam is coming out, right, you will release your steam is also coming out, I am telling you such a Guruji thing. people their own  That's what your pants are, you press them, my relatives write like this, many people and acquaintances, you press yours, they ask very personal, everything is a done thing, yes, everything is known, it's just like this, Hello friends, everything cannot be done by deep thinking.  The video is not made just like that, you do any other work of your own or not, you will iron your clothes, your pants or your shirt or your suit and in your life, the husband who removed the child from his wife and ironed his wife's suit.  I also pressed it without burning it and  There is a lot of benefit in that too from good to good, there is a lot of benefit, big planets get activated, hot clothes, Mars gets activated in the sense of doing Venus to the wife, Saturn gets activated in the sense of doing you, a lot of things get activated, an astrologer can't help himself.  I am telling all the other things in depth friend, otherwise I have to tell many times, where did you read, why did you read, what is the use, who said it, I will not tell much, I will leave this much, so please do all these things, it will be very beneficial and how many will comment.  In the section, write ' We will attempt athlete' or 'We are doing these three', 'We will do this' or 'We will do all seven'. I enjoyed it. This is not to say or tell anything which is not worth doing because YouTube0 can be done. Do as much as you can. If you have not yet subscribed to the channel, then subscribe. If you want to take platinum membership, where there are more high level talks and you get to learn.  You can also take platinum membership. Thank you very much.