Hello friends, seven things which you should teach your parents, if they are above 60 years, even if they are 60 65 70 75, then you have to tell and teach this. In many of my videos, many times people say, hey, you do not allow us to respect the elders, you are like this.  Do you know what kind of comments come, I am fine because the elders feel that today I will tell you something about practical service to your parents and bringing happiness in their life. With practicality which will bring peace in your life. If you are also in my age group of 20, 30, 40, if you are listening to me, you have to do seven tasks, these seven tasks are not difficult, you will do all seven of the seven, tell me which one you are doing, tell me already and  Don't say this is difficult, it is very easy to do, you will have to teach it. Okay, and if you are elderly and are listening to me, then learn all the seven tasks yourself, then it is better to get your children to do it or else.  Pay attention, this is a very interesting video, first topic, first task, okay, this is digital banking for our parents and this paytmbank.com is a middle class audience only, so now the rest of the people are lagging behind, no audience, so don't mention that ours is not educated.  Even if your parents are not very educated, they still use mobile, that thing can be taught to you, it is okay, there is no need of a college degree in this, if they can understand the numbers, it is okay, then firstly you must do this thing, secondly.  The thing is you insure that your father, especially his mother, is not driving. I think your father should not be driving much well in his 60s and 70s, especially on the highway. This is one of the most dangerous things in your life if you have an elderly person in your life.  No, everything seems fine to me, so what are you waiting for, when the visibility will reduce, when some scandal will happen because its spillover effect is going to fall on you, it will be as much as this.  I am teaching you to understand in this matter, this works for NRIs who are working somewhere else, their parents live in Bangalore, some in Jind, some in Kaithal, some in a small town, you are working somewhere different, to insure you.  This is the thing that they get used to hiring taxis. If you are a big city then you should know the system of Uber Rolla. Other wise drivers are also available on hourly basis. Nowadays, there is no need to keep you on salary for the whole day. There are many drivers' numbers. You tell me in advance, book it for 4-5 hours, 00 6600 system is running, it is very dangerous to drive yourself, especially in the highways, and what is the cut off time, one some elderly person should stop driving, that is, as you ball, you should stop driving properly.  It is seen that then you want to quit cricket, when it starts hurting your face, then you should quit, you see this, you can't wait because your life is at risk, you will do something wrong to someone else's life too.  At some point of time in risk you have to realize that it is our nervous system, reflexes, brain and reaction time, whether it is a string or if we have to go on the highway, then please ensure, this is a very big thing, you are serving them, the third thing which is  You have to insure the parents by studying behind both the parents because they do not do it, someone else's parents do it, then the parents are happy and those whose parents are happy, their children are happy.  But 99 people's parents are very unhappy, that's why people are unhappy. The job of the channel is to increase happiness and peace, that's why I am telling you through practical consultation, you have to encourage your parents for movies and outings. Now you will speak for movies.  If you want to do it, why don't you go yourself? You don't get along with your wife, your mother, you know, for years now that abuse and fighting are not happening.  If Tutu Ma'am is not happening then it does not mean that there is a lot of friendship, she will not go and you are telling your parents about the boys, there is still a slightly different program for the girls, they can also encourage it, but it is okay.  The fact is that you cannot take yourself because your family will go, they will go, your family wants a two and a half hour outing, they can go for half an hour because the elders have their own limitations and their own interests, so they will have to go independently, especially if their hands and legs are fine.  are being  And if you can go by taxi then you can do it and if you are a little elderly then you will have to take me in an assist type vehicle in the sense that you have all the facilities in a big city and you feel like going out to eat, go somewhere and have dosa sometime.  Eat golgappas, they never come out in the house, that dal khichdi, khichdi dal, moong dal, cumin tadka, this tadka, that tadka, dry roti, then that gourd, gourd tinda and then petha and it is cooked.  Friend, what has happened to the old people, it means that sometimes I don't feel like chatting, I wo n't do it even once or twice a month. In such big cities, I see a lot of times. In Gurgaon, I see ladies coming, all the elderly people are above 80.  Okay and they have their own club formed so they are happy. If you want to get them to join then you join your club. In many cases it happens that only one parent is left, if there are two parents then one parent.  Are you sitting far away or do you have the limitations that I explained earlier, then you have to join any group, be it kitty party, women's or men's, where it can do some outing and all this, can give movies of today's times. Who is this Rocky Rani and whatever else is she watching on the big screen? At least they should know what is happening with the children of today, what is the world of today, what is happening at times, the parents have become so old that they do not know about their  They have so many complaints about children  I do n't know what has happened in the new generation, where have they reached and what is happening these days, all the pictures that are being made, all the authors like me, these movie makers, script writers etc.  Everyone here is stealing content from my channel and making it. Before this, she was made with Ranveer Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor and who was that, which movie was Main Jhoothi ​​Tu Jhootha by doing this and now this Rocky Rani, all my themes, this is from this channel.  There is core expertise which is being copied, which is good because such things are extracted from such a level that a person would not be so famous that even if we come and say such things like me, even if we make claims, people will laugh a lot, hey are you so much?  So subscriber, what is this and such a big picture, yes, it is like this, ideas are stolen like this, big poets also steal from small poets, if it is okay then it is okay, that is okay, all that.  Themes Because I have been doing this for two years, three years, okay, after that the fourth thing that you have to teach the parents is to know the checkup procedure of the hospital, which hospital is nearby, where is it, how to reach their emergency phone.  Numbers of reception, numbers of ambulance, numbers of doctors, when is their OPD, on which days, on which days one can book and go, from which site, how can it be done by phone, all that is a method and nowadays in hospitals.  It is very helpful, you go out and straight away, he holds you and gets everything right, okay, all these things are available, otherwise you get overwhelmed, go once and teach everything and come back, this one is here, these lift buttons are pressed like this.  Let's go here Doctor Saheb, it is not that those parents have turned 88, 88, 90, you have to hold the finger of the one, brother, you do not have to hold the finger of the 64, he still has the strength, isn't it, when there are fights, then the house  I come out with all my strength. I let my 68, 70, 72 year old parents shout so much. I say, if you are sitting with so much of your life, then why do you make noise about this disease? You have a lot of life, people come to my consultation, people themselves are their own.  In order to understand the treatment, they would have told that you scream and shout, yes, you scream, then you are also sick, yes, you are sick, that's why you scream, or you scream, that's why you are sick, or if you are not sick then this.  Have to release that they can go for the procedure because they have to teach you Dear Pa Papa Dear Mummy you are just 64 you are just 65 ok and you will live till 98 If we have served you from now till 65 then our ass will be broken for 72 73 years  Then who will do it for you from 73 to 95? Papa ji, mom ji, do it as long as your essays are going on, there is no great work in your life. Please learn to do this, please papa please mommy my dear and tell them everything in the hospital, they have set up such a hospital of their own, you will get coffee here, you have to give 0 here, you have to give 50 here, please learn to use the card, if you do n't have a debit card or  Start taking notes, for this your child should take leave from his job, his 8000 day leave is 10000 day, his leave is very limited, he has to take it for his illness also, he has to take it for his child's illness.  You also have to take it for your illness, then it roams around, so it cannot go for 10 days, why don't you need it, when there will be an emergency, then everyone will come, in an emergency, the neighbor will also come, the rickshaw puller from the neighborhood will also come.  The watchman next door will also come, in case of emergency, whatever has to happen will happen, whatever routine is required, routine check up, because old age is a routine in itself, how many years does old age last, as long as you remain alive, because once you become old. You have turned 65-70, has he known any disease that comes in your 60s, has he gone with you, then how many more aartis should I perform for him, many times I speak with love, many times I feel scared, people.  What I want to drive home is the point that how did you like these four practical things so far? Please enjoy. Those who have just enjoyed this, write five, six, seven, it is very fun, it is very good, it is practical. Fifth, please tell your parents.  Be it a small town or a big city, in a big city, you get this urban clap and all these things. Teach them how to use another wise brother, three electricians, three plumbers, three carpenters. Give them the numbers of all such services.  You will not get the second one, you will get the second one, you will not get the third one, these are the ones who you have verified because you are elderly, you cannot send anyone like this, these are the people in the house, these are the people you call when you live.  You behave and you tell them that brother will ask you to do this work, do it quietly and they have a habit of giving 200 for the work of 00, so you quietly take 200 and give me the Paytm number, I will give you for 300 otherwise this is half my life.  If she goes here like this and if she goes out, then she will be unwell, then only my family will have to come here, to save the parents, it will cost them lakhs of rupees for their children, they are not concerned, this is the bitter truth of life. Why is he talking like this or why is he talking like this or is it true that he understands his money then you also know whether you are serving here or saving your 3 lakhs, see that, this practicality is telling.  I am you because that money has to be spent by you because it remains in it, the next point is related to this, the sixth point, teach your parents request, beg them, teach them, request beg bag.  Of course, the maids who come to the house, sweep, mop, or cook food in someone else's house, do the utensils, tell them not to get entangled with them, they are serving you directly, do not get entangled with them in money, routine and work. Call private maids and tell them that you know how mom is and how dad is. It is not in your power to improve them, which means stop saying anything and say that it is old age.  If you feel pain in your body, it comes out on the person next to you. Say, we stay away but it is our duty to come out on you, not on you. I will give you the brunt of it. You have to increase your courage next time.  If you want to do something then tell me and if my mother deducts your leave money for two days, four days or five days and you feel like running away, then please call me, I will help you.  I have got paytm2, I also deduct the money, I scold you, I am also scared, she is enjoying a lot and secretly you have told her what will happen to the maid otherwise, the maid will leave every fourth day and leave on the fifth day. These maids should also have an association.  These days, everyone knows each other, come that koti, that koti, that flat, that koti, there is something like this in him, he is such a mad person, he will do something like this, don't know, do n't know, then what will happen if there is any meed in your parents' living in the family?  don't come As for you, your mother is now worried and sad. Your father calls me. Brother, daughter-in-law, come, you come and ask us. The house is not cleaned, the food is not clean, no one wants to live with you, brother, they will not tell this, neither do we want to live nor do you.  You don't let anyone stay there anyway, so subsidize your expenses, make it seem as if you have got a maid, say Papa, I have got a maid, this one is very good and this one, papa, doesn't charge Rs 4000. Mom takes 00, I don't know, she doesn't know the rate, you are the one paying it, 1800, you are the one paying, and tell me, if mom takes leave, tell her that the money will be deducted and brother, you come on time, still mom, there is something in the end. Will she not clean from under the bed, take it from behind when she was maid, she would not have released her saree by doing it like this, okay I will go where did you go, he is still there, so for this thing.  Tell the maid, I will be your compensator, the whole game is about money, friend, get the money where you deserve it, 11 no one cries, this is the same crying in all the jobs, the boss sucks, there is no one to suck, it is a pain, a pain. That he is paying the salary of one person and is doing the work of two people, then the cry is that if he gets the salary of one person and gets the money of Rs. 1.1.  Everyone remains happy, okay, there is no such thing in the job, but what kind of idea do you think of this? Can it be like this in your daily life? The six points which I told you, the seventh one is also very sweet and important point. These six points are better for you.  There will be a relief and a happiness in the life of the parents and their bitterness will be reduced. The frustration will be reduced. In the house where the elders are present, in the family where the elders are unhappy, that family can never be happy. This is what I am telling Guruji, everyone.  They also do it, but the fact is that what is there now, no matter what they do, they have to cry, then they will be happy because they are not taking out their pain anywhere in a practical way. They say, "You don't come, hey, what will happen if that boy comes?"  He will sit down and then the boy will talk for five minutes and for 10 minutes he will say what happened to the shop and the plot at the corner, he has to talk like this, what else will he talk about after 5-10 minutes and then you will say, yes for my money, yes for money  If you are interested then what should we talk about, tell me what should I talk about child, you have to tell him that you have eaten well, you have slept well, you have slept well, girl, you are fine, you are thin, you are fat, everything is like that, hey, what do you mean, so fit?  You have been living as you have been, your children will be like this, now those children do not look good. Parents also have the problem of being out of form. They have been sitting there for a long time. No problem sir, there is a video in Kajam about respecting and serving the parents, it is okay.  I don't do this. The seventh point is very important. It is very important and the elderly people are not doing it at all. Even the men in their 60s are not doing it. The 60s are not doing it. Any man in his 60s and any woman in her 70s. Hey, you have become old, so what has happened to the money? You have so much hair, your hands and legs are crooked, they are crooked due to some disease, then beyond that, give some massage massage to your face, get your parents massaged here.  Get membership of salon which is available in good cities and nowadays in all good cities in India, there is a discount up to Rs 40, if you take membership once, I am talking about a city like Gurgaon, that means it is such a thing that you have 15  If you have paid 20 Haj and taken membership, then whoever is going to get a haircut, if he is at 40, then the parents should think that at 40 they are done with it, if nothing has gone out of your pocket, then they have to.  Whatever you want, get a manicure, mummy, get a pedicure here, get a neck massage here, get a back tea here, insure every five-seven days, sometimes go for a haircut, sometimes get a face massage, sometimes get a hand massage, sometimes get a manicure, sometimes get a pedicure, and all the things that 50 aunts have opened.  Maha neck massage, get this treatment, that treatment, get it done, how much will it cost in a year, 10000 15000  It will take 200 Hajj, let it happen, their bitterness is reducing and sometimes even call it a gift, just say half of it is a gift from me, I have not done anything on your happy birthday, I have not done anything on your happy anniversary, let me give you this.  Gift the gift. Massage to your mother and father. Nowadays, it has happened in big cities. You can do Jugaad in small towns also. There is a lady who knows how to do massage in every city of India. You will find massage people in India, some will come by pap, some will come by call, some will come through jugaad, either in the village or in the city. Earlier, in the villages of India, all the ladies who were pregnant, some who were old, all were massage givers. So catch them and get them done by your parents and tell them to apply oil on the body, the oil will be applied on your body, it will not cause dryness, there will be no irritation of the skin, there will be a feeling of freshness in the body. You take those nuggets or you take roti and put chopra on it, it becomes like a churma, then you make it like a normal patha, like a plain one, without salt and by adding sugar and ghee in it, and the people of Haryana understand such a wonderful churma.  I will get pimples, it will get pimples and the body will also get pimples like this. Apply cream, ghee, olive oil, oil on the head, oil here, now you, now you parents, look, now I will do the video, okay, parents, go somewhere.  Half of the time, people who are fathers have no place to go in their old age, someone will play cards next to them, someone will sit with old people next to them, but the lady who has to go, what should the poor girl do? Let her relatives go. He has to go shopping, he has to go to the market, something, he can't go, he says, old man, you know how to drive a car but you do n't drive the car, this woman does n't have the brains to ask for a driver or should I go somewhere.  I wonder if I can become independent, they keep fighting among themselves, they fight among themselves so much, it means that the parents have become such a situation that the children have become counselors of the children, if there is no problem in the married life, which is the case nowadays. I go on because of what ever reasons, then their parents, your mother said this, your mother said this is happening to you, you get a call, seeing your mother, your father. Why are you frustrated, friend, go out on a date, take the money, spend it on your body, that is, on your chest, by the time you give it to your children, I don't know how much their value will be. The FD that you have made, their assets are not going to become anything, but still they will be worth something.  All will be given, take your money and spend it, your frustration will be less, you have to live for many years, this is the body and these are the hands, apply them cream, apply cream, apply forest essential, apply this, I will tell you the name.  If you say that there is no affiliate marketing then I am just telling you the name, apply anything, apply expensive desi ghee, apply good one, but when your body will work well from outside and like this, your money will go away, then the driver will come to you.  You will go to the hospital, you will know where to collect medicines, you will go to watch a movie, you will go to a restaurant sometime, you will go to a familiar bar with the woman who has been your wife for the last 50 years, from 40 years to 45, sometimes you will feel something good.  It is not necessary to go with someone else, violate their privacy and yours. Go, sit, speak sweet words with love, do not eat too much, eat a little, drink juice. Hey, your days are so short in big cities that you are so cold.  Organic good food, all that is available outside, that is a different thing, it costs Rs. 2,000,000, you get a good environment, look at what is happening, look at how India has progressed.  What is happening, go out and see the electrician, plumber, carpenter, keep their numbers, they are Shani Dev of so many hands, they do so much work, do not deduct their money, you will deduct Shani 's money here, he will give pain in your bones. Are you listening brothers and sisters, not uncles and aunts?  I am much older than me, I have just washed my hair, I am younger, it is okay, so he is having pain in the body, and whatever work Shani does, who is Shani Sangola in the session, this is the kind of video.  Do you understand who is Astrology Shani? Those people of the lower class who are doing hard work, the poor people are working hard with their hands and feet, the government will be very happy by saving the rupees and fifty-eight rupees of those people, Thakur will be very happy, who will be happy?  No one will be happy, Gabbar will not be happy, whoever it is, whoever you want to understand, whoever is running the world, okay, no one will be happy, he will give you pain, then he says, take more mijbil and mijbil and bite someone else's.  Mirable again people stop coming, a stage comes like this, no electrician comes, says that the house is on fire, I do n't know electricity, she doesn't give money, and the tap is broken, plumber is not ready to come, last time again money  They had cut it off, why would anyone go? These people have a lot of work, brother, these days, where only the elderly are left, neither are the maids happy to work, nor are these people happy to go, this is also a fact, they do not get any money.  pitch pitch  It's too much, change your nature, everyone has to grow old and teach those who are old, teach them to the parents and please give your number to these service providers and say brother, whenever my mother calls, father calls, yes yes madam, do it like this.  Reach immediately, madam madam, your son has asked, that's why we come doing this feeling, son, you don't come at my behest, you come at the behest of your sons, so you take money from us, people will also like this comedy but all this is practical.  I am telling you things, please do that and there is a definite need to get membership of the salon. You people need it very, very much because when the body is well oiled from outside, massage and groom is there, the body is fragrant and soft, there is softness in the hands.  The hands are very soft and soft, press like this, the hands are very soft and there is no irritability, the pain in the bones is reducing or if you do any massage, the blood will flow.  Half of the blood doesn't flow even after touching 70. Now where can I get it from? Walk, walk or keep doing it, then it will go a little above the normal level. Take medicine here, get massage done and it will go. When it goes, it will go to the brain and also to the stomach.  There will also be digestion and it will go everywhere in the liver, then in a few days the eyes will open like this. Brother, you were right. I have done good to many people and to thousands of people. No brother, as soon as I felt like it, something opened up.  brother and all  I am suffering from diseases because things are not working, everything is stuck everywhere and there is irritability, garbage, garbage, garbage, so please today I have done everyone a favor. If you don't get it done in 60 or 70, then tell me if it is happening on some other channel.  Please tell me brother, everything is being told there and nobody else is busy in creating practical content like me. I am the number one clarity giver in the country. If not then please tell.  At least share this video, share it with many people, it will be very good, it will be good for everyone, it will be good for the person sharing it, it will be good for the person to whom it goes, and he will get a push. These are the seven things out of the seven that we are going to do with 7 people.  Do it and write in the comment section. Do you want to take membership of the channel by becoming a platinum member? Do you want peace and smile in life? Do you want purpose or want fulfillment? Then you can take platinum membership. Try it once.  Take a look, if your life neither changes nor becomes happy nor starts understanding, no matter what age you are, every person is catered for platinum membership, so you can take even the most membership, thank you very much.