Hello friends, wish you all a very happy independence day. Today on the day of independence, talking about independence, I have brought seven things for you due to which you now have to work for freedom. The country has got independence. The country is free but there are seven things which can stop us.  I will tell you about those topics to live a happy life. All my content will be around this. In the coming time, the first thing is freedom from job. For this, all employed people have to work. Many people are saying.  If you have not yet got a job, then you are free from the job. Yes, the person who is employed has to work because if you have not done the work, brothers and sisters, there will be seven things, I will tell you in a very good way, which one did you like best, tell me, prepare only for the seven.  You have to do it according to me, but you tell me your favorite one and tell me in the order, which one do you like the first two-three, if you have already got the job, if he or she will not work for freedom from the job, then he or she will be punished for 45 years.  I will be freed just like that, after that there will be no utility, I will be thrown out like sucked sugarcane, I have to get freedom, if you go towards freedom yourself then you will have better control, working and earning money is for 7580 years, no one can stop him  If you are not doing it then this was the first thing, the second thing is the freedom you have to work, brothers and sisters, everyone has to work, that is freedom from toxic people around you, this friends.  It may be in your relatives, it may be in your relatives, tear the page from the book, it is not possible, it is not possible to do this. Many years ago, it seemed that when the country was a slave of the British, freedom did not seem possible. 1885 1890  1905 1910 But you have to work hard to be free, you have to work hard to get freedom from toxic friends, from toxic people  Take freedom, take freedom from emotional dependence on people, this is what happens in life by learning something new, so today on the day of independence, I have a discount, you will find it in the comment section, there is a discount of freedom on 25 of all the workshop webinars I have done till date.  The code is Azadi 25 please go to download and watch them and buy it. Relationship workshops are there. Pre marital consultation is a complete 12 of astrology.  The class has a happiness course, one happiness is a lot, that is how to become a writer, a lot of things, whatever you understand, whatever you like, take it, the pricing is low, but today there is a discount of Rs. 25 for you all, so after that, the third thing. You have to work for freedom. You have freedom from the fear of your future. The fear of the future is troubling many people. It is a fear of what will happen. You will have to work hard to get freedom from it, but this  There is a third thing that I would like, the fourth thing is freedom from people's influence or narrative. Now there are influences like us, we are also influences, but whatever narrative is being made in life, you have to apply your mind, you have to awaken your intelligence, discretion, consciousness yourself, do not go to anyone.  Because whoever awakens will have a narrative, always have your own agenda and narrative, otherwise you will fall prey to someone else's agenda and narrative.  I am a person who fights for the freedom of the individual and for the power of the individual, if not for any political party or power center, then the fifth freedom that we have to take is from the party leaders and their idol, this is the idol of BJP, the idol of Hindutva Congress.  I will become a socialist idol, I will be a lieutenant, sometimes I will be seen on the left, sometimes I will be seen in the center, I will make myself our own. We all have to make our own idol, we will not fall.  Do it for someone whom we feel is right, okay today I am not analyzing the speech of the top leader, today is a happy day, so you will understand from him what the analysis is going to be, it will happen tomorrow, okay, that speech will be analyzed tomorrow.  There are no such great shakes to be done today. If anyone is thinking, okay, I had talked about negativity also, a very lovely video of mine on the top leader will probably come today itself. This is not the one to explain negativity on the Independence Day.  So no people, anything wrong is happening in life and people will say that, don't talk about it, it is a negative thing, do positive thing, it is very stupid, that video will come, this is the video of India's number one clarity giver, this is my video, you will get clarity after watching it. Maybe I will release it today itself, if you want, in the comment section, okay, like the channel and subscribe. Sixth thing, this disease is very strong, this disease is very strong, we have to take freedom from it.  Have a habit of being bored, try to get freedom from bad habits, take a pledge, today the biggest thing is being bored, I am seeing children getting bored, I mean, how can children get bored, if old people are getting bored then it makes sense.  There is nothing to do, even children are getting bored, youth are getting bored, so much to learn, so much to do, don't know what to do, how can you be bored, if you are bored then people who are in excess will go towards addiction, towards masturbation.  Will go towards pawn addiction, will do anything  You will not work well if you should not be bored. There should be an agenda for your time. Which channel should I watch? Who should I learn from? What should I learn today? There should be a register. A pen should always be handy. There should be paper and my notes, like I do while walking, should always be with me.  I never understand my writing, even I do it with great difficulty, but they keep making something like this, something, something, something, something, something, they must be unable to understand the writing, somewhere, some thought process, they have learned something.  make someone else  Even if it is typing, type it according to the date, keep it in the phone, keep it anywhere, whatever you learn, always keep learning, keep learning, do not get bored, never ever, if you consume good content.  If you do then you will not get bored, if you stop watching short reels, these short reels are ruining us, they make us go through five emotions within two minutes, sometimes a dog, a cat, sometimes a girl, a beautiful girl, sometimes hatred towards religion, sometimes some food item for the mind.  have curd Five emotions of the brain go away, we cannot deal with such emotions like hate now, fear now, lust now, food now, sound now entertainment, meaning don't expose so much because that random thing will come, our brain is getting fried.  Do not consume reels at all is an addiction I am a content creator I have made 2000 00 videos but I don't even have 20 shots I tried it many people said and  Many of my shots have been taken by other people to whom I have given the podcast or many people have cut them and made them, so they are mine. Otherwise, I am not a fan of reels. Nothing of any use is explained in 30, 40, 50 seconds. It can give you just dopamine and serotonin and it can be made to play. Do n't do this in the brain with hormonal chemicals. You can avoid the habit of being bored and get freedom and seventh most  Important thing: Work like financial independence. Financial independence does not mean that you do not have to earn money. Enough is enough. Financial independence means that in your life, brothers and sisters, with whom do I have to work, what do I have to do, if I can decide the work.  You have to always earn money, this will happen through SIP, this will happen, you cannot become financially independent on this formula, you will become financial dependent fresh cash.  Flows can be achieved only by doing fresh work, by doing gig economy, by creating side income and by creating multiple sources of income. No SIP can liberate you, if you invest this much in 30 years, this much will be there in 50 years, everyone will die in that many years, so if you have something  If you want to learn a new thing then again go to the comment section and in the beginning you will see it in the comment section and then while leaving you will say Bharat Mata Ki Jai loudly. When you are excited then both hands are raised. That is, today we saw only one hand raised, when there is real enthusiasm and determination, then both of these have to be done like this in life, always close all your fists like this and now we will resolve in life that we have done seven things for the sake of freedom, I told you.  Do you have a favorite John-like way, do that or do all seven of the seven? This is your fist, this is your hand, make it a fist like this and close it like this, see how much energy you feel, let me show you by doing one thing, do everything like this. Listen with me, wherever you are, keep the phone a little away, make fists like this, enjoy and do like this, take a pledge in your mind that we will get freedom from all these things, these narratives are fear, fear of job, slavery of job, toxic boss.  These are toxic people, this is the party, these are the leaders, these are different idols, those who spread hatred in the name of religion, today we will take freedom from hatred, nothing has ever happened by hating, earn money in life, grow as much as you can.  You can hate, nothing can ever be achieved. Brothers and sisters, the enemy would have been there because the enemy is hated. If the enemy would have been destroyed by hatred, then why have we made such an expensive defense budget of lakhs. Why are we maintaining the army only because of hatred?  We will do it, we are 145 crores, we are the popular country of this world, no one can hate us more than us, there are so many of us, so everyone is being judged like this, let the enemy blow you away with hatred, brother, he does not fly away with hatred, you have to make some efforts for him.  is that  Luck will be a physical thing, money is needed to acquire it, countrymen have to work to earn money, they have to work, they do not have to hate, they are seen standing together, it has been 10 years, there must be some tiredness of hatred and hatred, now even outsiders can see it.  Outsiders are also watching from all sides, otherwise this is such a tight situation, then now is not the time to hate each other in our house. I am not saying at all that you should open a shop of love, it may or may not be opened, it is not possible.  But hatred can be reduced, hatred can be reduced, focus on your life, earn your money, enrich yourself, make yourself happy, then while leaving, say Bharat Mata Ki Jai Jai Shri Ram and like this we will spread our enthusiasm with both hands.  We will do it from the same and it will remain like this and the countrymen now have to work everywhere. There is no need to look for Captain Saheb now. Focus on hitting your fours and sixes. Captain, many have come, many will come in future also and will keep coming. We need to play our game and play our game.  focus on  Thank you very much, subscribe the channel, like and wish you a very very happy independence day and every time you need energy in life, you have to close both the fists, do it like this, energy comes, try this, it is absolutely fine.  I hope I put some energy into you guys, had some fun. Enjoy and wish you a very very happy independence day. Thank you very much.