Hello friends, seven things where you will have a lot of attention and focus in the next 10 days, I will tell you right now and here I will tell you which things you should focus on without focusing that much, so please spread this thing because it is already a trend.  It is going on, the next 100 days have started, the biggest focus is till the World Cup finals, the focus is on the World Cup, so you have to watch India's matches, watch a few in between, watch some batting.  Some?  You have to watch it, but don't get sucked up into it. Analysis of the match in the first analysis. Even in the break, the match was won. Virat Kohli did not get a century. He hit a six in the end. What happened? Who was the enemy of the match? Who was the winner of the match?  No, it should have been like this, don't get into the analysis, don't get into the analysis, you won't get any benefit. Another thing beyond which there will be too much focus. Brother, this is a war. Palinam, now the material has been sent. You don't know on which side your own government is.  You yourself should be emotional whatsapp-web, this means how much it means to have someone from your village, even if it is from your village, the man should understand that he does not know who is fighting, you have to analyze it, you want to know everything, I tell you this.  I will also tell you why we go astray here and there, I will also tell you, but first yes, don't go astray, I will tell you all those seven things and if you concentrate on where to go for the next 100 days, then how far you will go in life.  If you tell me how you will go ahead of the competition, then tell me the first two things. The third thing is that there is a recession in the US, there is a recession, there is a recession, the Fed is going to come there, it will do this, it will do that, this will happen here in the market, this commentary will also come a lot.  There is no need to discuss this beyond a limit and there is no need to understand that FII has told me that when I should focus on what, I will tell you why these incidents are also happening. Okay, so you should discuss this also.  of  There is no need after that, it has to happen on elections, it has to happen on elections, come listen, subscribe to my channel, I also cover elections as entertainment, but whenever I cover anything, any of my videos is a claim.  This is mine, I want to tell you whether this is claim right or color then please write in the comment section. If claim is right then write CR. If claim is right and claim is color then write CW.  The claim in the comment section is that whatever I come and cover, things good, bad, negative or positive, what is happening in the society, does not suck your energy, does not make you bitter from inside, does not make you hopeless from inside.  No, juice will not come out after watching my video. If there is some juice inside, it will not get sucked out. It will feel as if something or the other has been put inside. This is a big thing, content, so you will have to see all this, you will also have to understand a little bit.  I am telling you first, after that let's move on to Reservation Caste Census. There is a big discussion on this. My video on reservation is pending, beyond that I will give you better clarity. This has to be done, who is getting it, you know who is not getting it.  As for what is happening, I will cover all that further, but on top of this, there is going to be a lot of energy in the society, you can be in any stage, you can be in this side also, in this side there is also a side which  it is happening in your hands  I don't have it, you can do more by shouting at him because there is Supreme Court in it. What is all this now? There is a saying in Haryana that marriage songs are not made with all the songs during the wedding do not turn out to be true.  In real life, elections are the next topic that you will be focused on elections too, it is about politicians, they will give this, they will give, this is how my audience and all of us will give.  This is a channel for those who are middle class or above and have risen above the level of livelihood. Please, with folded hands, I will tell you that if you are actually poor, then there are 1.5 crore more channels for the poor and you can go there many times.  It seems that you sound very elite. Yes, sometimes we have to make separate channels. I have many mass channels too, so I want to make this small channel so that you can talk about such things in a relaxed manner.  sit so that we  Also, crowd sourcing of information and all these values ​​and all this, in this way we can carry forward one thing and which is going to be discussed a lot, that movies after movies will also be lined up like this, so the juice of patriotism has been taken out, all the movies are on end.  This will de-sensitize people in the name of patriotism because ultimately patriotism is also an emotion, like all other emotions, it is a good emotion, I am not saying it but brother. Don't whip up your emotions so much that all your patriotism gets released on the spot that when you saw the Kashmir file, the emotions got released right there, that 400 crore rupees were earned, it did not benefit any Kashmiri Pandit, then please tell us, we came to know that this happened.  You came to know then what happened then what did you uproot, you know we hate, we will nurture, yes we nurtured, then that button was made to press first, it will press more tightly, that's all it will take, one how hard to press, only one vote.  I have to know, I show all this through acting so that it is necessary to bring out the emotions that come from within many people. People do stand up and I sit down. There is no benefit in sitting comfortably, she got it.  He got the award, they got it, they also got it, many people get awards, okay, so the movies will take you inside like this, she will come in a movie, I will tell you now, she will come in the end, Naksha wali is coming, they will watch her trailer, she will also watch it.  I will analyze And then ahead of it the fighter one will come, then maybe this one, what is its name, Randeep Budha, this one will also come, this Savarkar one is fine, then there will be discussions on all that also, it will attract a lot of attention, what do we have to do, we have to know all these things and identify them. But don't suck your energy, do n't get attached emotionally. Keep all these emotions which are real, your wife, children, family, brothers, sisters, parents, mother-in-law and father-in-law. Okay, so all these things will suck your energy and Then Ram ji's temple is going to be built in Ayodhya in January, that will be a big event. You will have a lot of event management in 100 days in the coming four-three months. Today, it will continue to be seen here on TV. You don't want to see Ram temple.  When the Ram Lalla temple will be built, it will be held in January, it is on 22nd January, it is a big event anyway, it was told that no one else will come there because this is the region and we know what a region is, a show stopper.  so one  Only I come, but my faith is full, I will go myself, okay, off course, maybe I should not go on 22nd, after that, we all should go, we all will go, but we will not consume that thing endlessly, buy a ticket for the whole plane, get down to Lucknow, Lucknow, go from there, bye.  Look at the road, stay for two-four days, take photos, have faith, we will definitely do it, but how much time will it take, 48 hours, 72 hours, darshan has been achieved, peace has also been achieved, work has also been done, some money has also been spent, okay but many people do not do this.  We will waste much more time than this and there was no actual feeling of devotion in it, no energy exchange took place, no darshan took place, no place was seen, you see where I am explaining what needs to be done, now listen to this, in the next 100 days, it is all yours.  It will go away with time but where do you have to focus? First of all you have to focus on four-five things. Real estate is running on real estate. Tuk Tuk Tuk Tu Tu Tu. Whoever has to buy or sell his is a very good time for both the things. And in English there is a word called Restructuring of Assets. This is a very big field. Restructuring of Assets is something that is lying with the parents, they are not doing anything, they are sleeping with money, they are not able to understand everything, some are running ahead, no one is selling or doing anything. I am doing all these things, I explain them very well through this video. You will find four-five groups in the comment section, so those who want to understand real estate, I do webinars, some for free, sometimes for Rs. 90, Rs. 95, sometimes paid.  You can join them, there are groups of info webinars, there are groups of my real estate channel, subscribe to it because all this discussion which I have told you along with it will suck your 100 days and what will happen here which will directly affect you.  You will keep discussing about the price of tomato and its price, it is the price of petrol, petrol has become ₹ 1, it was ₹ 1 in 1991, if you look at it according to inflation, there is no growth at ₹ 4 and  They are crying so much, the thing that was on 000 square feet of yours will be on 00 square feet in some city, it has grown to 70 in 3 years, it does not have that inflation because hey, you middle class, these are the things of the poor.  Why are you discussing or are you poor, you are not middle class, the property is on fire here, the flats which used to be available for Rs 1.25 crore are not available for Rs 2.25 crore, the rates of plots have increased. Concentrate here or say that I am poor, then be very clear that I am poor, for me it is about tomato and onion and what is its rate, brother, at least make a difference in this, the actual poor over there is not discussing it.  He is feeling that he has to press the button which has to be pressed, he is doing his work, he is also increasing his rates, he is also increasing the labor rates, he is increasing the rates of everything, so this is middle. Lower class class keeps discussing the topic, middle class has to discuss the topic of middle class or rich class, if you want to go ahead then this is real estate. If you want to join, I can also tell you the solution. Why did the previous one say to me, Guruji, you discuss.  If you do some solutions then you will get the solutions, brother, you will know the real estate rates of all the projects in the top seven cities, what is coming next, what is the inventory, what is the inventory over hang, what is the demand, what is it?  What is the supply, what is the demographic, what is the opportunity? You will get all the clarity, you will get it very well, you should join that channel also, subscribe to it. Second thing, in the stock market, I had earlier told that the US recession is going on and these FIIs will create ruckus in India. You know that foreign institutional investors and domestic investors now come and make noise and tell stories that people get sold in their name that the sky has fallen.  The sky has fallen and then they come and pick up as many blue chips as they can. Look at the number of blue chip shares in India, the top 10 15 20 shares of India, take Nifty, take BSC. Okay, now tell me that name.  I do n't want to do that in that, who has that much knowledge to know what is Bombay Stock Exchange, there are 30 stocks in Nifty, take 10 20 30 stocks which are from the government.  There is no control, government control means remove the government banks, these minerals of the government, whatever kind of companies they are, Coal India, remove all those others, the private ones, look at them, see what happened in them.  In the last 10 12 14 months, your ADAC bank was 00, in 2019 it is still 00 and other things, look at what happened to their profits and other things, coke because  Actually, things are at very good rates in many places and that is the matter of blue chip, every person is looking for multi baggers from inferior to micro cap, small cap and is losing his money and there are many good things left, okay the third thing which is  You should learn more. What does learn anything mean? Learn anything new. I am starting Happiness 2.0 course which is different from my Happiness One course. You can also buy Happiness One course.  You can take Happiness to Course, if you want, it will start after Diwali, on a most like date, 24th November, there will be five classes of 2 hours each and it will change your life, there will be every kind of relationship based on emotions, which is very  It is important, that will be the next important thing in life, then there is job, then there are investments and then there is food for the soul, so I told the heading five, there is a lot of juice inside it, so this winter.  You want to learn well by sitting under the quilt, adding turmeric to hot milk and having some gulab jamun sweet halwa because it will be in winter only, winter will start on 24th November and there will be classes like in five weeks or two weeks.  It will be of 2-2 hours and there will be follow ups too. I will make you a consultant. Yes, I will not come there and say anything like don't think bad, don't see bad, think positive law of attraction like this allam ballam.  I don't work, I am a down to earth leader, real happiness in life, real happiness, wealth from happiness, you can also learn the thing which you want to take because it is an iconic course, it is bound to be a full house, so if you take it now then it is good and  Maybe I can increase the course rate which is very nominal to ₹ 2500000 in total ₹ 2500000 per hour is fine, after that the thing you should focus on is your family.  My relationship, my children, I want to tell you that your focus on these seven things, brothers and sisters, is going on more because of the things that I told you about earlier, that you are talking about elections and what is happening in the ballot, discussion of pictures and discussion of all these things, reservation politics, because  All of our lives have become so dependent on ourselves that we are kept immune by outside discussions. We are parents in our 60s, our father is retired, all of us are busy discussing these drinks. What is happening in my family? Someone should help the children, boys and girls, take them a little higher in their life, discuss about them, they are not there, the mother is running away from it, the husband and wife are running away.  Everyone is running away, there is an escape because if you see it in your life, you will see this, you keep discussing, everyone should get more votes, he should get more seats, he should score more runs, Virat Kohli scores a century, it is a good thing. 48 became 49  Happy will break Sachin's bond, okay why am I saying this, burn for someone, brother, someone is becoming yours, something is happening to you, where are you going, the boy has already reached, he will come from 48 to 49, he will also turn 50.  What happened to you, when will you win the World Cup, money will be deposited in your two accounts from BCI, BCCI is sorry, don't put a single rupee in your account. If India wins, I am not saying that do not wish for India to win or do not celebrate it.  Or don't follow him, but I am saying that while doing all this, look at yourself too, where have all these people come from, where are they all going, Virat Kohli was such a dirty little boy of 1819 years and he  Meaning, look at the journey from there to there, what has he achieved in so many years, do not take that inspiration from him, do not take inspiration from him to be happy to earn money and study something in his life, he just becomes happy in that, that brother, you are just something should happen to us  Pai, you do it Munna Munna, you do it, you win the World Cup, you become a century, okay second, you are a very big leader, brother, you become the Prime Minister, you become even bigger, you will cross 300, cross 400, cross 500, your good brother.  The picture is coming, your picture will make 1000 crores brother, we are fine, yours should be 1000 crores, this time it is ok, a good fighter picture is coming, this time it is the fighter.  The picture will be released on 25th January, there will be nationalism in it, there will be a fighter in it too, this time we will break the record of Top Gun, brother, how many billion dollars did Top Gun earn, then how much will it cost India in Purchasing Power Parity, its formula is 2300 crores, brother 2300 crores.  This time we Indians are thinking that we will fail Tom Cruise, so I will also watch the picture and I will also analyze and review, but I will carry these emotions.  I don't do it from my side, whether I earn Rs 2300, Rs 3500, Rs 4000 crore or Rs 1200 crore, my focus will be on what I am doing, I want to explain that I am not refusing to do all this work, so what did I tell you when Ram Mandir  It will be done and we all have to go there, I am asking to go there, we have to go for darshan, whatever charity we have to do, after doing all the work, we will not waste 10 days in commenting on it. You are being watched on TV, go there and see, there will be debates, counter views, there will be fights and this is what these people have to do within February. Do you know how the election bugle will sound in January? In February, you know what kind of accounts will be there. Here Red said this, this said this, I will bring all these topics for you in a simple manner and will tell you easily and you will consume and I am saying again and again.  Don't bring out emotions here, just like I may do some things in acting, but inside I am so relaxed, just watch what is happening and how it is happening, focus on your health, new year is coming 2024 eight.  Number will remain, Gisu year has to remain, who will make everyone work hard. Yes, I remembered him by doing simple astrology, there is a channel of mine on youtube2 baby, it has not even started walking yet, you guys please subscribe to it, I will give its link in the comment section.  I will give it in the description, if you can find it somewhere, simple astrology, if you are not a subscriber yet, then you are missing, I am very happy, now the eight number year will come, 20224, okay, so the eight number year is not the end here, world over elections are taking place a lot.  There will be changes in the regime, there will be a lot of uncertainties, so there is no need to follow the uncertainties for six months, I will just wait for when the results of the elections will come, there will be no direct immediate impact in your life.  There is no change, I have to follow it, but follow it as an entertainment, follow it as something, yes, I want to see it, don't be so emotional, you are sitting with your vote, be very clear about who has to do it, you will see it anywhere in my channel.  I will never influence your vote through videos because I actually don't have an agenda and how can I influence, I have n't decided yet who to vote for. I haven't even decided who to vote for. I'm just watching the show. So when I haven't decided then why will I make you decide? I don't even have a decision myself so I want you to remain like this and even if it's not like this  Even if there is such a feeling that even though we have not decided, only then we will get nothing, otherwise we will not get anything at all. The Middle Class The Great Middle Class Joe Chillam Chilli twittersignin.com Tell me by looking at me, you get to know me completely.  Who am I going to vote for, I can definitely say that I can change everything in a small election, a big election or a very big election and you should also do the same and do not act as if you are its worker while walking around.  Are you a worker or a politician? There is nothing left that you are running behind. Don't know when will you get the ticket for those you are running after or will you not get it. Don't know what good they will do to you. Don't know that all the politics has now become high command type centralized. There is only some benefit.  not happening  So why do they want a different video beyond that, then please write on the comment section. How did you like this video? Please tell me. Please utilize this video for you while walking comfortably, peacefully while waiting for the metro, going in the bus, going to office regularly. This will help you to watch it.  You will save a lot of time and you will get clarity on all the topics. What I want to say is that I am influencing people's way of thinking and what I am telling you is that such a partition is being created and not loyalty being bought.  They are forcefully showing you things and you because there is so much frustration in your personal life that you have to vent it out on these issues somewhere. You cannot vent out your energy on any outsider's actual issues, you feel scared of yourself, don't you get frustrated because that  If you have to blame yourself then it is very easy. Whatever issue is going on outside, get involved in it, it is okay, get involved in the work of others, this is this and this is the irony of the situation. Look, this knowledge is being shared with you by the person who is in that community.  It's okay to screw around So I belong to a state I belong to a community It takes a dozen of you anyway I have seen it in my full observation of life that brother, not many people reach here, not many people reach anywhere. We have to reach somewhere, we have to see all these things, so we cannot run away, matches will also be seen, elections will also be seen, some news will also be seen, the fear of stock market will also be seen, stocks will also be monitored, but brother, learn something new. All this and I tell you my point of view of seeing all this, like it is said that someone who can see a little less has glasses, like these ones of mine, I don't have power glasses but they still protect me a little from screen time.  There is a little coolness in the eyes  It's fine, I just use it for that, it's fine, but if someone has power glasses or has sunglasses outside, then when you wear them, you get some kind of protection, from dust, dirt, sunlight.  So when you meet something, it is your perspective, so what is this, this is mine, I am telling you that this is also my perspective, look at all these things from the perspective of how beautiful the world is, okay with this.  to be attached tightly  Better be detached and enjoy this hug. Oh brother, it is a drama. We will not jump. We will not jump. Let us do this. Hey come brother, you are not coming. You went after asking me. You want to fight after asking me.  I had to suffer this, that does not happen, there is a fight between two people, I will call him, I will call you, brother, you come, today your brother is in danger, oh brother, you are in danger every day, go and get into trouble every day, I will not come next time, I am yours. Daily  If it is your job, then many people will attract you in this way. Come, come, come under the tent, come and put up tents everywhere, you will bring them under him without asking, you will spend the time of your whole life and ask him how many times I have gone to him, it has become his century.  The picture will be worth Rs. 300 crores, it has crossed Rs. 300, it has crossed Rs. 400, all this work will be done, then what will you do while sitting in June, so I took the paper of 100 days in advance and gave it to you.  If this has to happen, you will go through it, you cannot escape, but now you will not be so attached to all these things, you will be a little detached and enjoy. Please share, subscribe to the video channel, thank you very much.