Hello friends, today that time has come, finally 100 special episodes, so I will reveal my idol ji in details, otherwise till now, have you been in this many episodes, it is like this, this is your advantage, today it is important to tell you as a disclaimer also.  It happens and I may be a little longer than this video of mine, you will also get a chance to create your own ideology in life and will also get it in the form of a template because whenever we talk about Idol ji, I am with you.  I will tell this thing through points, ideology, so the first thing I would like to tell is the first ideology, I am not polarized, there are two factions like Congress and BJP, there are poles, I am not polarized, I believe that like the earth has a north pole and a south pole, but there But life is not human, human beings live somewhere in the middle. You know that both are extremes, one has to live in between, so that is the right way in my opinion. You came and said this, didn't you do this?  If you speak against then you are not in his team, so first of all the ideal is that I am not polarized on any side, then what am I? Second point, for whom am I, I am for the individual and the family, as if sales are building blocks.  In the same way, life is the building block of the country, from individual to family and from family to society and country, if there is any problem in life then it is said in Ayurveda that if problem and disease comes from the stomach then it is the disease. If it has to be resolved then it has to be resolved at that level as to what the problem is. Whatever level the problem is in the country, it comes from the level of individual and family in the society and politics in the family. This is a political channel. We run away from politics. No, we cannot run away from our family politics and family politics itself is a big mirror of what we get in the country and I will tell further how it is right now. Okay, this is the third part of the channel.  The ideology that is mine is that whoever is the politician here and who is in power, only he will be asked more questions to take us to the real issues, we will take him from here to there so that it does not happen like that, 204 7 here and there, he did this and that. No no no no hello hello NEET exam 24 lakh children will become 1 crore family members if 24 lakh children are affected then multiply by four then that many people  Already affected so it is very important that we do the real issues okay and understand the issues like fourth I tell the point like people will say reservation is an issue no reservation is not an issue hey what are you talking real issue  There is unemployment and employment and the bigger issue than that is Livelihood. If in India everyone gets the job they deserve and it is easily available, if God comes from above and it happens, then tell me. Reservation will remain an issue, there will be a need for reservation, why is there a need for reservation because there is no level playing field for everyone, there are no jobs and they want, so when you make wrong diagnosis of the problem, you will find the solution wrong because what solution are they looking for like the opposition? Hey Rahul Gandhi ji, will I do it at 85, you do it at 500, above 100 nothing happens, you do it, what is the percentage because diagnosis is the color of jobs.  How many jobs will they create in Haryana now? Hey, there are 3.5 lakh government jobs in Haryana. So many jobs are there in Haryana. If you open another 10,20,30,000 shellac, will it change Haryana or the votes? These are some useless things but this.  No one wants to address the issue like this or want to explain it because I will explain the positioning I am doing here in detail. Let's move a little further and what is my real M? That is the one in the end.  Will come out in the line, I will tell you the next point, I want to be a champion of middle class type because I believe that the rich class is already figured out, they know everything, they are running the world, the lower class is the one.  The thing is noisy, not confused, all this media, social media, all this middle class consumes more, look at all this and the middle class, where were they going by doing exit polls etc. and where did the lower class press the button?  You all know the results that have come out because there is a disconnect. We feel that if we did this, if we did this, if we did this, then this is what will make us win. People's requirements are something else, they are not confused. They know who has to do what. We can sit here and say, sitting in a city, we can say that people of Bengal are idiots, why do you do this and that, this should be done because these are such letters, oh brother, in them my  We have wisdom. Now we should have so much wisdom that we should also talk about our issues. This is most important. A middle class is very confused. Let's move ahead. There is a middle class which is status conscious. It is quite polarized. It works on formula. It is stressed and anxious.  Relationship issue is traveling and the biggest thing is two things, write it down somewhere because mostly you are my audience and you are a politically irrelevant class.  It is a politically irrelevant class and there is a lot of confusion. My job here is to make the middle class politically relevant to the middle class because as soon as we talk, the middle class talks about something, as a class, it would not have stood up if I had said something in Haryana.  I raise the issue, Government, you are a Jat, so everyone of Congress is in such a hurry, I am Guruji, brother, I am saying that I am above the caste, I am positioning myself, there must be some caste, Sadhu's caste, right?  Ask, take knowledge, bow down, leave the sheath of the sword, Kabir ji has said that if any man is born, he will be born somewhere, his father's address is known, his grandfather's address is known, his family's address is known, so somewhere.  There will be no individual in the caste, now we are not divine but biological, so as many of us are biological, we will be born from somewhere, now we will be born from somewhere, so put a stamp on the forehead, if I am raising issues, then I am like very  Now you will say that you are the champion of the society, which class am I, maybe I am not that class, the class I am batting for, it is also possible that they don't like me much individually, so I have made this video. What do I want about ideology? What is the main thing? I want you, who are my audience, the people whom I can influence and this is my campaign to make you all disillusioned with politicians, that is, all politicians. I want to make them not become like this, they should remain like this in front of them, I want to make the public like Pushpa, by doing this, how does one stand like this, she is coming, right now her songs are coming, Pushpa Pushpa Pushpa Pushpa Pushpa, so you all the audience.  You and the respected and sir, all of them are fine, whoever wants to be made Pushpa, why can't we be Pushpa in front of the political party, I have come to the vote lane, I have made my body, my brother, ask for votes again, why can't we be [praise] Nothing is achieved by raising the Rathasaptami gut and protesting like this. No one is listening to your protest. Whose concern is there by protesting? Nobody is getting embarrassed. I will tell you how to embarrass the politician. Why are you people ashamed? I am telling you among yourselves.  I am being family centric, I am saying that people, especially elders, are not forgiving for their sons and daughters-in-law, but for politicians.  There is forgiveness, so many things get done as per one's wish, so many things go wrong, life is not going ahead because what is there, it comes down from the elders that they look at the father, what is the father, he cannot solve the issues of his house, there is not much going on in his house.  Then now he will talk about politics, what is happening in the country, what is happening in Ukraine, what is Hamsa doing, what is he doing on Israel, this channel will bring real issues, I am different from other channels of mine.  I am telling you from: If you must have seen people like Sangola Sutra, this is my main channel which is a big channel, I am telling about houses on Sangola Sutra, I am also telling on Clarity for Youth, I also talk on real estate, I also talk on astrology. I do this and this is my politics, here I am asking you to channel that energy towards the politician, do not give so much respect to the politician, there is no need for such extreme support, the most powerful man of the country has come to support him too, hey support.  If you want to do it then do it no matter what week it is, they need our support so that these politicians, they are already very rich and very powerful and very influential, do not harass them any more, they will go to their heads, I am telling all the politicians. I am here because I had already told that I am not polarized. Those who are in power should know how to tighten their grip. The public should come to ask more questions. Godi media will not ask right now.  I will also make another video in which these are the real issues of life, inflation is increasing, electricity and water problems are happening somewhere, so these are the issues that have to be raised by the politicians, we will talk about the meaning of 207, you tell this to the child. This unit test is not passing, Papa is saying final exam, final is the final exam, Papa, asking about the board exam, Papa asking about competition, means will you let someone go so soon? Do you forgive the children or do you keep them tight? Then why ca n't the public hold the politicians tight? Why can't there be Pushpa Raj where the public is Pushpa and that is its punch line. -The people are bowing down everywhere in the political rally. Everyone is bowing down to each other. You are bowing down to this one. It is happening like a trio. There is no time for photographs to be taken. What should these leaders do?  Why can't we people come and say this many times, we will become cynical, then something good must be happening in the country, whatever good is happening, it is happening, now we have come out of that jhunjhuna stage, there is a stage. When a country is progressing, there are issues of self-esteem of a country, something like this happens that friend, don't think too bad of yourself otherwise the confidence will be broken, now a new found.  Due to whom did you have confidence? Did you come because of all these politicians? But now your heart demands more. Now you will not be fooled so quickly. Now we want everything and we want it quickly and we will not be satisfied. What did you do in 2 15, what good did you do in 14 in 2011.  What did you do in 1990, who did what, it doesn't matter, that's the past, what are you doing today and what are your future plans, the question is why are you crazy?  What is happening, love your wife, I am telling the men, I am telling the women, you are crazy about the politicians, somewhere there are women also, got an LPG cylinder, somewhere got some ration, five kg brother, father 5 Got 1 kg ration. You are very happy. You are happy to take alms. Tell me, give me jobs. You will not have to beg for ration. Tell me how much does 5 kg ration cost. To cook it, it takes a thousand rat cylinders.  It comes as if you are giving ration, it is better to give free cylinders to everyone, we will buy ration ourselves. Why don't you say these logical things and why don't you say that we are not satisfied with this? This is not something. Law and Order has done very well in UP.  Then what is the great thing, if you have done law and order then it should have happened 50 years ago, it should have been okay 30 years ago, if you have done it now then it is a big deal, then the big thing is over, now law and order is good, you are in this country.  In  No one is looting on the road, it's okay, you are not being beaten, your life is a little safe, so it is a very good country, that means basically India is not Syria or India means any other country, where fights keep happening, it is not like Ukraine.  Or the situation is not like that of Hamas, either your work is very great brother, you are able to make this video and what else is required or how do you say this dictatorship, if you were a dictatorship then what video could you have made, hey brother.  2024 is going on, even if I feel hesitant in talking openly, then for me the definition of dictatorship is the same. Why are you taking the definition of dictatorship to the time of Hitler, 100 years ago? Why is the definition of dictatorship 500 years old? Because brother.  Democracy has come to such an extent that not getting even a little freedom in anything is a dictatorship and this is the waste of an individual. So, if he is not progressing, then his values ​​are bad. I am telling the same thing about the meaning of values, not from the bondages of the family and the work is to break the wrong belief system and here the questioning of the politician through the political channel is someone's place.  I will not perform the Aarti. Half of the work has been done by some politician, sometimes there will be a little clapping from the mouth, but it is anyone's choice whether it is a politician or a person in power, he will be told and questioned.  And small things will be done, everything will be said that brother, question whether meditation could not be done in 7 Lok Kalyan Marg, is this meditation by going inside the camera and showing the world what I am doing by showing 16 cameras, why not?  You can't ask questions, no, if meditation is being done for the country, then show it to everyone live, what is it like in a cricket match, how long will this gimmick continue, how long will this gimmick, why why ca n't a call out be made or it will be too much? Nautanki bhai, why questions were not asked, then you did not respect me, how did you speak against Bauz, oh love is going on, Amitabh Bachchan is here and no one will come and speak like this, why will he not speak, why will questions not be asked, people feel this way from inside.  It is believed that by making someone a class monitor, we will control everyone, this does not happen in a vibrant democracy. When people come, questions will definitely be asked. Today I hope.  I have been successful in clearing a lot of ideology, the agenda will not be fulfilled, the agenda will always be told, not always, you want views, you only want views, what else do you want and only 0 views come from youtube, if you cook food, then you want only this, whether someone eats it or just food. I have to make it, I have to make bread, no, we know you, everyone makes it for views, I am making it as a professional creator, the rest of the people are taking their selfies, someone is giving a lake from Italy.  Someone is giving from here, they are also doing it for views, the problem is that these politicians are also doing it for views, like us, we are just saying that brother, when did we say that we want your vote, when did we say that we want your vote?  They say that we will go and clean, do waste management and do other good works. We have never done any work but these people have entered into the program with the help of views and have brought these votes for some other purpose, so it is the work of people like us.  To inform and check their work and we want to become the voice of the public. You write in the comment section what should be done ultimately, I will also make a separate video as to what all of you should do. If you want that then write in the comment section and ask questions.  Will go and will be asked logically and do not think in your mind that I like pav bhaji very much, then someone said that no, there is a lot of flour in the pav bhaji and its preparation is not proper and like this.  C Hey, why did you spoil my mood? Do n't think like this. B. Curious, maybe he is saying the right thing, so if the pav is made of flour, it is better if it is made of refined flour. No, no, the friend is saying that take it like this, there is no fat in it.  When someone says something, listen to it just because the taste in your mouth will not get spoiled every time. You have to be alive to the possibilities, other possibilities and be curious which  It was 2014, it was not 19, 19 is not 24 and in 24, there will be more change in 29. Be alive to the change that yes, there can be change and that change will definitely happen, whether you like it or not, it is the undercurrent of your lower class.  The way my audience is the middle class is not that impressionable and that stupid. This is the one thing I will say to you that you will go down in history whenever there is any kind of trouble on the country.  There has been an actual crisis, neither have the less educated people, nor the villagers, nor the rural people, but those whom we consider as such have contributed more and not in any society in our country, it is the educated society which is the educated people and who are like this.  They are middle class, they are turning away while ruling, they have not understood which direction to take, you see the freedom movement, Rai Bahadur, who used to pretend to be brave, what did the people in the middle do and who actually Used to be so angry, these farmers, soldiers and those who are lower class, just because you have become middle class, don't think that we will decide. Firstly, the middle class is already getting disillusioned that we are not very Robinhood or Livelihood. They are the ones who give, the poor do not need anything, from the middle class to today, the middle class cannot survive without these people, they can easily survive among themselves.  I will give a lot of service, today there is a female goat, it is Eid, so the maid has not come, what about many people, what is the condition at home, please tell me when this video is being made, today the goat is here and happy goat.  To fellow Indians, if it is okay then it is the truth of life that if the maid does not come or the husband falls ill for two days then it is fine but if the maid falls ill for two days then it is a problem then understand where the society is going, the husband will remain ill for two-three days.  He will be fine anyway, he doesn't do anything in the morning, we are asking for tea, he is a little sick, so the maid should not be sick, if the feeling for the maid is more awake, then all these things are what I bring in the form of a little sit down comedy. I am bringing real issues, real issues are facts, facts are facts, things should not be talked about so much, things should be done down to earth which affects us, only then the channel is being liked, many people are liking it, it is practical. things are happening  There are other channels also, you can subscribe, so a lot of content is coming on Real At and is coming. Real estate is reaching a different point, now detailed videos will be made on that too. How did you like it? Tell me, like, share. Subscribe to the channel now. Do it if you are watching it for the first time and this video is now my iconic 100th video because now whenever I have any further video, I will say go and watch my ideology video. If you have seen then that is my video. Any politician can do anything wrong here, hey, he had done wrong, he had imposed emergency in 1977, then what to do, if emergency had come, what had happened to him in 75, what to do now, what about Indira Gandhi ji?  I will not punish his son's son's son. Okay, I will punish him alone. Don't vote for him. If you still want to remain in the 70s then don't vote for him. I am I am I campaigning here because this time-  Times  I will have to clarify, what campaign am I doing for Congress? If I ever say something good for Modi ji, then you are an agent of BJP. Brother, can there be any person who is neither an agent of BJP nor of Congress?  He is an agent of Aam Aadmi Party but I also tell him my story. I don't like Aam Aadmi Party much. Still, I give relevance to Congress and BJP. Yes, these are two thought processes, but Aam Aadmi Party's Bhai program is for me personally.  Idea ji revealed today  I have told you what to do but the fact is that just because I don't like it, I should give you such a rod, it is not necessary that you like it, every friend is important, which Arvind Kejriwal ji has said that he will remove Yogi ji as soon as he comes out of jail. If slogan was raised then 10, 12, 14 seats would have been eaten, if the incident of Kejriwal ji and Maliwal ji had not happened then Bhaiya Khani could have gone ahead also, so every friend is necessary for anyone, as they say, vegetable is made.  Food is prepared, everyone agrees, all spices are necessary, all yes, some salt in it becomes very important and sugar also becomes necessary if some other dish is being prepared, but still many things are important, so we all have to understand things in every way.  I have to do 360 degrees, I call him a multi-discipline approach, whom I can say that I have never met but from whom I have learned things, Charlie Mangar ji, bring multi-discipline approach in life, then you will never be in one place.  Don't worry that I will not be a one trick pony, one thing, you cannot accuse me of any other agenda of mine and on top of that I am not a one trick pony, that I know only one thing and know only one thing and that's it.  According to one thing, I can give you light from different places, I gave it from here also, I gave it from here also, so please subscribe the channel, thank you very much.