Hello friends, today we will discuss what has been done to the anchors of some media by the opposition's block, so is it a good thing or a bad thing, a lot of discussion is already taking place on this, so I will give my take.  I have come up with this, you can tell it as per your own, see, call it good, big, think, think, this date, the ruling party also does very smart things and in politics, whatever things are being done by these players, we can see them in front of the audience.  Have to appreciate like two people are playing or two people are playing badminton or tennis, that good shot, good shot, here people have become personalized, defending on which kiss they have dripped, if this opposition then it is very good, it is like this that they enjoy it.  Now if these are the people then they will say like this, these people had also made a decision on their time that they will do this, they will not do this, if GST is taken then they will practice, these are the anchors of the news, these are the actors from the story from the news.  This has nothing to do with news, there is no news on INLD, DBT is happening and they have become so lethargic because they are getting more TRP in this, which means they will take the debate to this level, all the news coverage is only in Delhi.  What is happening to you, no one knows what is happening in Orissa, okay what is happening in the North East, no one knows what is happening inside Madhya Pradesh, people do not know, that is, in Madhya Pradesh these ₹ 1000 sarees  Ladies have started getting it, it is very good brother, we had to wait till the elections, they could have given it earlier also, it is given even better in other states, it is given in Haryana, so that it is known, still the color is in sub status everywhere.  And this brother in law, you are not criticizing me selectively, these are the people who were speaking to me, so this party is not in this party, I am not from any party, I am a commentator, the fairies are pampering and clapping, someone has the power to us.  Do n't know what is happening in Madhya Pradesh, there are elections going on, there is no news there right now, these people have a studio in Noida, they go around wearing such nice suits as ghosts and do anything like this.  That's why they take people's money. People are losing trust in the news channel. Just because these people are not giving interviews to anyone, now that and the trend there will go, there is no one to speak to KP, now these people too.  it's okay to say something to someone  There is no one from his team, one half was there, it was suggested, he got acquired just like that, you know, so he had nothing, otherwise he said, brother, we are not coming at all, okay, this is a very smart move with the bill note.  It's like this move, in the ruling party, direct connect was made 10 years ago, I think YouTube channel from them is the only option, no you come, I open fear on YouTube channel which is also open.  By the way, these people have also opened up, but people are continuing to communicate and that is what I did a few days ago, you know, you all must have seen that I had made a video, a variant, in which I had said that the government, whether it is state or centre, means should.  Note B Spending money on advertisement, which one you all cross check and Google, six together six 6:30 thousand crores, in the last eight years, the Central Government has given this answer in the Parliament, this is money on advertisement.  This is just a figure of what is spent by us, what is done directly, what is given to PSU through that and through that through that and indirectly and that is given, the figure of that is not even known yet, it is very big, friend, it has to be done so many thousands of crores of times. So many thousand crores, I do n't know how much it means, 15-20 thousand crores will be spent on these things in the last 7-8 years, what we did for you, we did it for you with your money and I am telling you with your money only. So what have we done for you, that is, comedy is very big, now what have these people done, now this is their state government too, now they are saying that son, we will not give you money, in a way this method is on the stomach. Now they will be kicked, okay, at least this noise will subside, which had become so much, because they say that earlier they used to say that by selling sex, they are most seen in Hatred is selling and More by Godrej selling in.  More because the program of most of the people got spoiled, so most of the people will be more or less because of the hate-weight because the bike is out because it is the state government, if you count them all then it is a lot, this one is from that time. If you count their state government, then there are a lot of them. Now if they don't do anything then they will not get the money. Now if the money will not reach them, then now they have also got it. Now why should we be insulted and give you money too? This is like advertising.  So  Many infact many debates will not work, so I used to feel that even if you give money, people don't allow you to speak without taking so much humiliation because they used to take the meaning like this and I feel that even after taking the money, the man would be so humiliated. How to tolerate, next we are doing Chilli Chilli Chillam Chilli, it does not let us speak and there will be many people in our audience who enjoy Rahat Masala, it is better and better, yes now it has come, yes now it is good and debate everyone.  Keep selecting your channel, there is no story or story in it, it is he who is doing the narcissistic tendencies, everyone has caught their own that yes this is the one, ours will be like this in this one, the truth will be like this in this one, there is no news of the people.  Everywhere because it takes a lot of life to give news, you will have to go to a small town, you will have to send a journalist there, you will have to spend your money to bring news there, you will have to work hard to get news there, you will have to employ yourself or open a news studio, that means you can do this. Tell me, what is the difference between them and mine? Hello friends, we talk more sensibly, what do some YouTubers talk about? Apart from Chillam Chilli, there is one behind me too, let's say something from the screen and see, very big news is coming.  Every 5 minutes a big news is coming, 24 hours this news is being spread like this and now look at this and now Modi ji has joined hands with Vidhan, oh only hands will meet, what else will we meet each other and what will we do, meaning leaders will meet.  if there are hands  To meet means that the media has become like a cricket country, that is, they have been hit with a six and that friend, this means that this country is happening, that is, this is the level of news, it means that some news of ours has made a house for a big bus.  The news is that INLD is fine, they catch the big bus every 24 hours, they are visible to whoever belongs to them, now they have come, they have taken them out of the car, it is raining flowers, what is the song behind, what is the feeling, what is being sung, all the feelings.  hey talk about less  Come on, friend, you are a news channel, you also have shareholders, they are watching, no, what is the problem with you in doing this, you are not his or hers, I am not of anyone, I am the one who is talking about the issue, it is about the flag, their words are also there.  At least someone should talk about the flag, whoever can talk about it, will change the education policy, will discuss about changing the education, what is happening or will it be only on these things that someone has come, that means he is not, ladies.  As Housewives do it, they cook it at their home, today it is like Mata's Chowki, tomorrow we have such a fast, the day after tomorrow we have to have our photographs taken there, as if they do not happen in a wedding, what is the function of a wedding, so all that becomes a function only.  It's not just a fox on marriage, whether the boy will kill the girl or not, it is a function that yes, now ladies sangeet is happening, before that they are taking saree photos, it is becoming like this normal public life is.  Becoming like this, now they are going here, now they are going there, reached there, here the father is being cut, there is being cut, this is what is happening, this is this note news, this can be done in a small way that here was this function like this That but what was coming out of it How much of it is like plastic I mean like gum you make it like a rubber band How much you make it big How important is something which needs you to be covered Economics is one of them very Important issues are the intelligentsia of the country and if it is not there then there is no need to forcefully fill 24 hours. Do less content, do less that, do everything, debate starts at 5:00, watch the story on news channel at 12:00.  It is going on till now and as soon as I open the news channel, I come to know that the name of that channel is also 'Bol Ke Scheme', meaning the channel itself, I know whose it is and now this is the space of YouTube of Chakkar. I am occupied by the people and on speaking negativity, the ruling party is also wrong that the ruling party means that there is no expenditure there, so the news channel which I mostly watched on my YouTube, when I was making this channel my own, where is the content. No one is giving an independent opinion, remove this handcuff of two fingers, there is no news channel or YouTube which is giving an independent opinion that yes brother, this thing.  So it is right that anyone has done the right thing and brother, this thing is bad, okay no one is telling this thing, so what they are doing, we will not call it good, it has been done well, it is a smart move, a smart move, these people have also done a lot.  Earlier, all these sixes and fours were being hit from here, okay, now no one was thinking about this batsman, this is like Sri Lanka, keep it like 54 0, okay, if you see the numbers, then now there is a little bit of it in the match.  like this  It is said that it will be fun, we have to enjoy further, the audience, we do not have to be too sentimental, this is someone, this country is decreasing, I hope you will understand this thing, share and thank you.