Hello friends, it will be a very deep topic, now I have decided to have really deep a videos, they will definitely be a little long, otherwise it will be longer, so they will not come every day, but it will be a matter of deep thought, so today's topic is 70 hours week, this is in English. How not to lose the mental battle of Narayan Murthy ji, that 70 hours is enough, yes yes, everyone should not know, no, I belong to Illuminati. Narayan  Murti Jaala became very popular, got very good views, got very good comments, of course, this channel is small, so normally I would have put it on that channel, but here I have already made a disclaimer because of the effect of third order thinking.  The fact of the effect and why this is happening, that is why I do not want more views to come because many people do not have the patience to understand what is happening, then please stay connected, it will definitely be beneficial, you will get a lot of clarity in life and peace.  What is going on, 70 hours, everyone doesn't know, but Narayan Murthy ji has dropped the anchor, 70 hours means 50, 55 hours, forgive the blood with the one who makes you work, as if it is 70 hours.  Suddenly 50 55 starts talking, it starts to seem less, doesn't the anchor want to drop like me? Through this video, the talk should have been for 30 hours, 30 hours for the country, in which there are no jobs, people are crying hi.  So much of this class is sitting without work and it is dying, so brother, something else could have been done. Wherever people have made it a matter of productivity in foreign countries, I am number one in clarity.  Giver, today I will give you clarity that it is not right to even ask about productivity, no no, numbers of ears are not important, what you do in these two ears, listen, today even this does not happen and I will tell you what is required and in this we are facing slavery of the British.  The thing that is in our DNA is playing the workout. Listen carefully to see if there is a problem. The problem is that those at the top are in the management or at the manager level, there is an employee below.  There is one from above, those above want to do micro management, they want a person full time and they want to get the work done by standing on their head and want to treat you at the laborer level, if you are a late laborer and I am your contractor supervisor.  I am and you are going after taking 10 seats, understand it carefully, it is a deep video, even if it is long, what will happen, you will get complete clarity, you will get it under the examples and you will know why this is an Indian phenomenon only, in other countries too.  It is less and why is it there in ours here because these who are slaves are the ones with this kind of mentality and laxity. I will tell you all the things. So here, if you assume that I am your contractor and you are carrying bricks and your name is Rohit, Rohit is.  A fancy name for a laborer but lets say the same thing comes out of my mouth. Okay, so is our captain. Okay, but as an example, you are carrying a brick and I will tell you, Rohit, if you put this brick down and pick up the sack of cement. Rohit will keep it like this and will pick up the sack of cement. There is no loss of a second in continuity. There is no great loss in productivity. The great contractor knows where to go and what to go. So he picked up the brick and put it down and from there he picked up the cement.  Same thing is happening in that sexy work place. Wearing a tight tie, wearing fragrance. Are you doing any work? Is it your routine work or has a presentation been given before? Have you collected any data?  It has been given to do, it has been given for analysis, it has been asked to make some TT, you are dead for communication, you are working, suddenly someone will say, do this, this is urgent, this is happening in government too, in private, in corporate, in everyone.  What is happening now is that the guy cannot switch on and off like this, he was doing this just now, now he is doing that and suddenly whatever is useful, it is not that easy as pick up that cement. Sack It requires some creativity It requires something Thought Process It requires something And it has a deadline Did something and when its work was done What work happened to it What work happened to it In India at 9:00 AM 10:00 AM Whatever working  There are hours, coming beyond that is considered as a discipline, brother, you have to come, it takes time to warm up because Half the offices are set to Europe's time or Middle East's time or even America's time because when will their warm up happen, who are you catering to them, who are you catering to in the front, who are you catering to in the back, this is also a big problem.  You may be relaxed between 9 to 12 o'clock, work is coming to you at 1 o'clock, you are not coming before that and you cannot say anything because the office is starting and then your dedication is checked.  Between 6 to 9 o'clock in the evening and at 9:00 in the morning, you have to be disciplined also. People say, I want an employee who is disciplined and dedicated. D&amp;D is disciplined and dedicated. However, they do not say that there is another D also.  Work like a donkey, that is also a requirement, discipline means 910 pm, what do they say? Punch in, log in, biometric. Threatening so and so and then brother you start showing dedication at 6:00. This is the biggest problem. What is the second problem? Seeing the employees like shellac. By using someone's word, I am not making anyone classist here, but it is like a peon, isn't shellac?  If it happens, it has an owner. The owner is the employer. What is his job? He has to give water to the boss when he feels thirsty.  Sir, if he rings the bell, he has to be given water, so he has to be available. Secondly, Sir, can he drink tea also? Is he drinking water, tea, sir, every second or not six times an hour? No, he can drink it anytime when he needs it, when there is a guest, sir.  If he comes, will he bring coffee, is it okay or sometimes sir needs to get photo status done, needs to get some work done or has to give something, files, needs to be given some kind of work, then he has the availability to do the work as long as sir will work now.  All the jobs are bosseno and India is this because it is lethargy and lot of dream and entitlement. The same thing dozen happens in other countries. There is respect there brother, accept from me that work is not getting done, I am having fun on the phone, I am the manager, I am the boss.  I am useless or I don't know if I have to pass the time or I have a bad relationship with my wife and that manager doesn't want to go home otherwise he would have to bring vegetables P. Now in his mind he has thought that I am  If he has to work till 8:00, then he is doing it at his own pace and he wants to decide his pace with the people below him, this is what is happening in reality, this is how I am making the video, without anyone taking it.  Coming, I have seen that Chetan Bhagat ji is a big columnist, whatever he is saying is right, it should not be and should be, he is an educated intellectual, there are many people who have left him a little or not, no, no, he is not productive, he is not increasing in our country.  Productivity, Laat Saheb, is not ours to make. The people from above have kept us slaves like they used to do. When Laat Saheb was sleeping inside, he was fanning it outside. When we were slaves, by doing this, if his right hand got broken, he would use the left.  And if he stopped, he would be whipped and then when his shift ended, something was needed for the next shift person, he needed full time work, we needed availability, that meeting would happen for that lot sir.  At 4:00, now he felt like eating at 4:00, when he ate at 4:00, your life is going on accordingly, he remembered his work, he will create it, brother, every time panic is created, if at 5 o'clock  If the work has to be completed then take 1015 days in a year or go till 6 o'clock if it is an emergency, there is too much work or something like this has happened or there is no system of giving compensatory off in it, this is a discipline.  This is dedication and we need discipline and dedicated employees. Discipline doesn't work for us and dedication doesn't work either because dedication means work, then you say, work will be done today or in the afternoon, come at 12:00 and rest.  Wake up, eat breakfast, then work till 10:00 in the morning. It's a good office situation, the one at the top needs discipline, the one at the bottom needs discipline.  Dedication is needed, there are buses below and everyone has spread raita. Government too are crying and private too are crying. India is such a country that you will laugh also on the dialogue but you have to tell whether the dialogue is right or not, those who did not get jobs should cry. And those who are in love are also crying. Hey, one party, stop crying. If life is spent in work and work itself is so dirty, then these people should be happy, we don't have any work.  Is it an athlete that we don't have to die, let's do something or see those who have got it, so many crores of people have not got jobs in India, at least I have got a job, what is the problem, you can do that too.  I will tell people in a very good way. So far, I have enjoyed the video. Those who have learned it, please write MG so that I can know in my studies that brother was listening to so much for so many minutes. I am going to make this code word.  Age A  My creator gets feedback, otherwise there is no other way, otherwise there is no other way, how much audience is there who is enjoying, I am trying to liberate you people, now listen carefully, you who are my audience.  There is nothing bad about them but I will blame you that actually you are being exploited because you feel comfortable in your job and that is what Illuminati and them know.  Especially the middle class, they need comfort and security. In the name of this comfort and security, I will exploit you in a job. In another way, brothers and sisters, another solution can be that you start working on hourly basis and get paid on hourly basis.  Well, now accountability will come to the people who provide work in their life, how much they are doing, then 70 hours of work is not sold, it is 40 hours of work. You people want to suck 70 hours by giving a salary, this is a problem for you people, if you are like that then instead of crying, come to your gig economy and start working, start doing project based work, start doing early based but you cannot do it because then  Now what is the tied tanka? 50000 60000 1 lakh 5 lakh 2 lakh comes into the account at the end of the month or on the first date.  SMS comes that so and so is credited, so and so, for doing one's own work, you will have to ask for money, the next person will bargain, then you will have to pay on hourly basis, you will not get money for tea and water, you will not get money for waiting for the presentation, there is no presentation.  And you are sitting and watching like this, you will not get money in it, you will not get many things and you also know why you are interested in people because look, the people who know that they are not worth anything have got the job with difficulty. We have to pass the time by sycophancy, they don't even cry, they are saying that anyway my time was not valued much, in my family someone in my family was pushed out and I used to work longer hours.  When I go home, my mother gives me food, my father does not complain, I am a youngster, my clothes are washed, I get food, I am getting less salary, it does n't matter, you are also sucking me, so there is something in my life anyway. not be  One was, this is not very sad and these are also increasing in large quantity. One is the person who considers himself a great person, why are you wasting my time, my time and why have I been kept, I have done my work.  You have done well, I am very good, this chatu khor is having fun, she is frustrated, when staying in the office for an extra hour starts giving you pain, then instead of crying for her, you should release her in your life, this is what has to happen here. This only  It's an ecosystem, you can't do anything, just think how can I get freedom now because if you buy a car in it, buy a car, visit a foreign country, then you ca n't be free from slavery and you will have to make sacrifices there and everything is happening to you there.  The man thinks that he will live his life by doing these four things and he is getting trapped in life and he is very good even in sycophancy.  It can become a subject because many people are troubled by Chatu Khor, if you want that then type C for sycophancy which is called sycophant which is very Hindi Sanskritization because no one understood psycho feint and then if you did not understand even Chatu then it would be said.  Putting butter on it is very good, my videos are not here to increase hopelessness, my videos are realistic, I am a realist making realistic practical videos and trite Libre my audience and people, I am able to influence that brother, here the program is like this, if we talk about 70 hours, then 50 hours are normalized, 48 hours is labor law, no hours should be counted, what are the hours, simple rules of work.  It's like the time between when you put on your clothes to go to the work place and when you take off your clothes after coming back from the work place, it is called work. This is definite. Now count yourself.  How much work are you doing and then do another count of how much salary you get, divide the amount of salary you get by this work, then that is your P/R rate and please write in the comment section, I also have an idea.  You will know what is the PRR rate and then you understand and compare whether you are below a plumber or above a carpenter or below this or below and what else can you do, first calculate your PRR rate, do n't be shy now.  You people will say, how can this happen if I went wearing clothes and on Friday there was an office party after work and then we went there and we thought, hey, that's work too brother, that's work at home, clothes for work place.  Putting on and taking off is the job because it is a job done for the sake of work. Now you have been sent somewhere in it, you are late, how did you get stuck in the jam, the time of your life is being taken away from that job, when you will release it.  Only then will you know the work How much are you doing? May be they have told you 40 hours of work, 60 hours 65 so you are already sitting on it and here talking about 70 has scared you like 70 70 so now 50 will feel good, this is this.  See, he did it, achieved brother, by talking about 70, he did not get the normalization done for 50. Ilm Nath, tell me this, it should have been talked about with some emphasis on 30.  I feel like it because I feel a little anxious that the person who sees me so clearly, sees how and secondly, by building up this narrative, they are putting it on the youth and people and on them only, that Munna could not be done by you. You are not able to do it, you are the only one lacking, you have to do the work to make the nation, you have to do it for Maha Bharti. Whenever high moral ground comes in life, whoever makes it, remember that your Yo is making you, work for the nation, work for.  this  Work for that, whenever these things are spoken and many people will come, then what work should not be done? Whenever these big things happen for the country, then they are sucking you in. It is okay to remember all these and these, now these  People in that shake tank, Aman Gupta and these two or four ladies and Vineeta and one Addi and someone else, they took photos like this, still working 70 hours plus every a week, took photos like this, nice clothes, nice coffee, nice  AC, good makeup, sexy environment, beauty, fragrance, food and drink, if this is work, then we all Indians will work 100 hours if you are working in that environment, see the weather of India, see the dust, see the heat, brother, here it is divided like that.  By the way, life gets lost in the same way. Compare everything with the foreign country. Even the foreign country is doing only 30 hours as much as you.  Denmark, Finland, these are all the countries where the happiness index is so high that we do not even talk about happiness. Why is happiness not made an election issue in our country? How many months, how many hours should you work, where you get paid, this is an election issue.  Why should n't it be made? Elections are coming now, why aren't you making it, why won't you forward this video that friend, Narayan Murthy has divided everything based on what he said, he has made the benchmark 70, so you will say brother.  Sir, it's okay, don't do it, don't do 50, so it's okay, hey, I am saying, go to 30 and after 30, do the remaining 30 of your personal work. Sir, why can't government jobs be in two shifts of Group C and Group D, with half salary? What kind of talent do you need to feed water to a shell? Brother, your salary is Rs 30,35,000,400,000. So he said, do it like this and come from Monday to Wednesday.  I am saying that the government should change Monday to Saturday and increase the week day by one day and from Monday to Wednesday by one day and from Thursday to Saturday tell a group officer, brother, it is okay, we will not divide you by two, you are a big officer but only on 3.  They say to the rest of the group, if you divide it by two, then the jobs will be double. What great work can you do? No, no, no, you will have to come every day because I explained something to him on Monday.  Nonsense, half the time, no, there will be conflict of interest, if it does some more work, then now we are not doing conflict of interest, these programs are happening everywhere, whoever has to do whatever, tell him, brother, it is like this, the government will give salary as much as it is worth, six times a week.  Divide by two, if there was work for five days then there will be six days of work. You increased the productivity of the country by six days. You increased the productivity of the country by 16. Because the work increased by one day but the individual has to work only for three days. He is free for four days to work wherever he wants, brother, from Monday to Wednesday, you come and from Thursday to Sunday, where are we, we have nothing to do, what does he do, we have nothing to do, brother, you work from Sunday to Wednesday, no one cares for us.  Do n't take it, it is not possible, you have to think out of the box, there are 144 crore people in this country who are working, their lives are being lost and those who are not working are losing their lives because of that. Both of them are losing their lives, so no solution can be made. You tell me, the one who buys tickets, sitting at the railway station and doing like this, what continuity and productivity is there in him? Say brother, you will spend three days from Monday to Wednesday, this is yours.  Whatever is left to be done, don't do it. I don't want to do it from Monday to Friday. Why do I have to do it like this? Those who like it, do n't do it ahead, implement it from 1st July 2024.  Election results will come in May, new government will be formed, now do all the recruitments, the old ones, don't jump, they are not taking yours, brother, you will retire, one day you will definitely retire, we have collected so much till date, government.  The road which the government runs smoothly will move at a slightly faster speed because the enthusiasm will be there, if you have to work only for three days, then the enthusiastic man will do the work and will say.  Come on friend, I got half a tanka's truth, this is the truth below, what is happening today, I am telling you, I am a down to earth leader, there is no fanfare at all, today there are many state governments and many states which are in Group D.  The employees are Group C, they are being hired on contractual basis, there is no monitoring of their quality, nor are they called government servants. When this proposal of mine is going to be from Monday to Sunday, it is in it.  And that person will have the stamp of a government employee and he has accountability and the government does not even have money, he will have to pay less than what the government is giving now and he will also be trained. Nowadays, there is some agency where he is caught for typing.  He doesn't know, he is learning on the job, neither his qualification nor the test. Hey brother, there will still be all the tests. These are the two jobs that I am asking you to do. All these exams are going on as they are now. The quality will be monitored now. In the contractual situation, if anyone comes and takes it, then someone's idea was also right that why should we pay so much salary for C and D, the idea was right for us to take it from outside but there is no guarantee for it and C and D.  Where D's posting is, where they work, there are no postings for them, they will remain the same, this is a divide by two tank, adopt it and it will do a good job, I am telling you the ID, one, they say, earlier one used to come, Ad or Abhishek Bachchan.  What an idea sir ji, at that time 5G, 4G etc. had not come. The ideas he gave at that time were all implemented later. I did not understand whether he should have got the award or he was so visionary.  I am telling you what an idea Sir ji, this idea can also be there, there will be so many jobs, Marathas have also got up due to reservation, their Jats used to get up here, now they too may get up there. Marathas got up, Patels got up, you keep playing all the reservation cards, hey, you double your job, there will be peace somewhere, there is peace somewhere, there is relaxation in jobs, anyway, by doing this agitation, I do n't feel like making any money.  I will get it after doing agitation, it's okay, anyway, if you don't feel like it, then this job is the same one and this one is more at 97, but there are C and D ones and BB CD B also at 7 8.  The remaining 85 jobs are of C and D, increase them by leaps and bounds, what is the problem from July 1, 2024, give half more work, I said, instead of Monday to Friday, the productivity of three jobs will also increase.  Something has increased, what is the problem and whoever takes issue with it will cry, he basically wants to harass the public and wants to earn money in other ways when you  If you increase people like this, then who will be the setting? The setting is done with the Tuesday person, the Friday person has to do the work, then how will it happen and change that too, sometimes change it from Thursday to Saturday, sometimes from Monday, that too according to the month.  It may change that this month, if you do random selection of this and that, no one else will know, there will be no wrong in that and that because you have increased the players, as soon as you add more players, then what happens in corruption. Like, when the number of players is removed, then the pumpkin gets cut in the utan, you also know that you must have seen the Mala Wall Weekly, the one about the lottery ticket and Ompuri and that story is very good that first two people know about it and then three people come to know about it.  If there is, then it will be divided among three, then among four, then if the entire village comes to know, then tell the entire village that if you commit corruption, then these are original ideas, they should not be rejected so quickly.  We should discuss and this work which I told that we should not lose this battle is not to be done. If you want to become a Vishwa Guru then you cannot do it by making yourself like this. You are at 126 in the happiness index and need 70 more hours of work.  Do it then again, that means those who are up to 136, we are making Pakistan above us, this is this index itself, this is a lie, this is a lie, whatever does n't suit you, make a lie, if the same agency has a say in anything.  If there is improvement, then do the clapping which suits you. What does this mean? If the child's report card is obtained from somewhere, then if the number is good, then this one, Papa, this one is fine, and this one, Papa, teacher, teacher does not like me. I mean, this could you in childhood.  Get away by this logic brother, those are the parameters, do some improvement, the parameters of happiness are seen on many things, Rudu Mal and Tad Desh, we are there, let's accept, if we accept then only. Go towards happiness, come happily, I am doing Happiness Two course. Please join within the end of November. Happiness Two is a very iconic course. Last year, Happiness One was there, it comes at the end of the year in winter. It is a course of ₹ 500. You can do h2a.  h2 There will be five iconic classes, you will also get a two-hour recording, you will be happy in your personal life, I am very against the personal name of the individual, in the name of the government.  Crying in the name of inflation Crying in the name of the world Crying in the name of the world Mine has been looted Mine has been looted Why is this middle class being looted brother Why are you being looted Why are you being looted Must be there something lacking in you brother If there is a man  If someone loots somewhere, he does something as his own, after that he has the program that I will not loot, every man is going away robbing you, every man is going away fooling you, then if every man is going away fooling you, then it is  it  Is it possible that you are an idiot? First of all, you have to introspect, why do you assume that no, I am intelligent and not an idiot, he has fooled me, he has become a politician, he has fooled me, business people have fooled me.  Gone are the influences, these media people have become fools, they have become people, they have become money people, they have become mutual fund people, they have become real estate people, all this has become mine.  If you are ready to rob, yes then you are ready to rob, then why do you have to remain like honey, why can't you become an ant or a fly, then that is the way of thinking, not just what is happening, either cry that this is me.  Will you do this to me and your whole life will be lost or if you learn only a few things, I will teach you things in a very practical way in the happiness course, I will not make you do any such meditation, okay, I will not take you much towards spirituality, I will see you in practical. Perspective is like glasses, I will change yours and things will start appearing more clearly, so please h2 me.