Hello friends, now we will discuss the problem in Indian political party which needs to be addressed. You guys tell me whether this is a problem or not. Democracy is running very well in India. It is called Mother of Democracy. It is a democratic country. There is some topic of discussion on this. No, but the topic of discussion is what democracy is there within the political parties themselves. You are thinking that you can choose any political party or choose any other.  He is a server of the party, he is just one or two people, why is there only one in every party, there is no democracy in political parties, their elections are not conducted properly, do you know how one man or two men are made party presidents?  The maxim goes on and it is becoming a presidential style thing for us now that I look at the man, if he likes it then it is okay, this and his election is some team choice, the rest of the faces are nothing, if you are complete, if  If you look at the democracy in the world, there are 12 democracies that came before us and the democracies there, if you take the example of both of them, how much fight they have to do in their party, how many people in the party they have to compete with, whether they have their own party and the Democrat Party on their face.  The primaries of those who become presidential candidates and they continue for a year or so and the debate and their thought process and how much competition there is and you can see in the UK also. Before Sonakshi became Prime Minister, he had fought in the competition, but he did not win, then he became the Prime Minister, then he stepped down and came, he again got selected in a way, so this democracy has to be strengthened and people's choice has to be read.  In this possible date party, people are now being divided into party leaders and leader parties. Those who have status, they run like their own private limited, not public limited, it is public limited, this is big.  The party which is an old party is a big party, it is public limited, the rest which is of status is a private limited, family of D family, D family, that one is running the system, so no one is facing any problem on this, the biggest problem is this. No one is raising this voice. The middle class should raise its voice. It is the conscious one. The middle class of the society takes issue with everything else. So why do n't you do it? Why are you proper in political discourses? Shashi Tharoor ji has shown some passion in the elections and in the party, and you know whatever happened to him, the other party is not showing even that much, nothing is being shown, only those who make amendments.  There is one of his, which is from Delhi, there is only one amendment in it that it was like this for so many days, it will become like this now, it will become like this now brother, why is there so much and note only this, if you see, let's not do elections, it is okay but this much.  Brother, I don't know how to say anything against the leadership, leave alone speaking against my party's leadership, is there anything going wrong or should it be checked, should it be balanced, should it be given a counter view or something? It is just a matter of becoming, we are all one, everything has happened within the circle of one, so whatever we call consumer, we will call it customer, if all these political parties are a business in a way, then we have something.  I don't have a choice, either you all are one, there is the same ideology, there should be some shades in one ideology, there is power, just like there is color, if you pick up blue color, then blue color also has shades, isn't it? Light blue, navy blue, dark blue.  This Blue Dart Blue gives you Asia paint, when you see how many shades there are, then you think that you can't get it completely out, so you know, some are orange, some are red, some are green, some are different, they do n't have any meaning from now on, but that Shades can be seen inside  If I have the power to choose, I have to choose only blue, so why should I choose dark blue? If I have to choose any lighter shade of crops, then why can't I get that choice? Shakti, almost through ideology, I am thick and thin.  The message is going through these to the rest of the people, now what is happening with this, the second generation, after that, suddenly someone special will be born, whatever has been created by someone in the future, the mouth should open and it should be shown, that clarity is not coming and  There is a cricket team like one man, now you cannot run a team on the basis of one star batsman, every time there was a video like Sachin Tendulkar, till these other people came, in the beginning, if you see the period of 90s, there is only one batsman, that's it.  If he gets out if he scores the same century, then thank the team. It should not be like this. You should have mini people. I am equally capable and slightly capable but still very capable enough. You are top.  Most of the people have this feeling of insecurity, I think it is visible in all the leaders across the party and in their chain and if you see now, the elections are going on, in the coming time, it will be for the Legislative Assembly.  If you want details, if you are interested then I will tell you openly what is happening in Rajasthan, what is happening in Madhya Pradesh and the meaning is visible in it. What is visible, if you want to ask.  I will also tell him in details that brother, there is something-something-something about leadership, unless the political party, which was the grand old party, was so insecure about their leadership that they were not allowed to make any setups. The cost of the party will be exactly 50 seats. Thank you, everything is done, even then it is not mine, it is not given to anyone else, now they have started doing course collection but the same.  The thing is that then I remembered your story, Sansa was also a daughter-in-law, she used to do this, she used to do this, she will be here, now the same thing is being seen in other places, now this grand role party is doing this by improving itself.  When I saw the elections in Karnataka, I saw the arrogance of the local leadership there and said, Come on brother, you only see, you only connect because people are connected with the local leadership everywhere and in the coming time, you  look at me a lot  The clear cut seems to be 2024. If you want that, then I will definitely make the prediction, that is, then you will get the information about whose SIM, how much will come, who will win, who will lose, what will be clear about the Indian political system and that will be in 6 to 8 months. I will be right there with you.  I will tell you that brother this is going to happen now and according to me the public will definitely take what is happening off course and it will be such an interesting thing for the first time which has never happened in India till date. What if that thing?  If they want to know, then I will make you in the next video, but right now there is nothing inside the political party, so if anyone wants to come and open his mouth more, do it like this, brother, are you taking anything else too or just this one person, all the rest are fingers. And I don't even know, I will ask you the names of the ministers, brother, who is this minister, give me respect, the minister does not know anything about anyone, who is doing what, is he doing like this, how will he function so quietly, what is the use?  What to do  Tell me, I am not talking about what kind of marketing is happening that we will not do marketing at all, we will not do marketing at all, what talent does anyone have as an individual? The public should know about the latter too. The names of other players should also be known.  Need team's notes, just Sachin Tendulkar, Virat Kohli, only Rohit Sharma, you need you know, what are the other people, brother, which one is this? This wicketkeeper is sitting behind, a wicketkeeper is sitting behind, my name is just S.  Dhoni but what about Adarsh is fine, who is coming, who is going is fine and what is the calculation that there is talent like this, no one is showing anything, nothing is being told, I am feeling dependency, I am feeling that the moral of the politicians is as high as that of the politicians. Politics is so low, the moral of the politicians has not been seen, the irresponsibility of the party has been seen too much, disappointment is visible on the face, those who have learned a little to see the face, know how to understand, disappointment is visible.  There is a look on the face as if we are being waited for something, someone is being waited for this, will that thing happen, how will it happen, what will happen next, we will know if we understand the signals, then it is not a matter of keeping the secret.  I will tell you clearly if you want. Okay, we should never remain in the dilemma of right and wrong because this channel will have a little intellectual thing. If water becomes hot, it goes to sleep at 199 degrees Celsius. After 100, the Father is divided now.  A good thing is not a bad thing, it is just happening, it is a phenomenon, in this way my channel is to discuss this phenomenon, some things for your understanding and for your peace, in order for you to understand that yes friend, this is what happens.  It has been the case that no one talks, now it does not mean that we will go to talk too much, but we should know that so much is happening, so there is this star artist in it, like movies are also divided, I know there is a star.  is his  It is divided around, but the supporting actors also have a role, do n't you go and watch the movie, it is the same in every scene, it is the same in Harsing, so many times you think, please show something else, see how wonderful it is. Supporting actors have supporting roles which are very unappreciated, so if I apply for something, then brother, I don't know anything about anyone, so in doing something that is not called your risk, you take a basket from match in D and then that.  meaning seconds ahead  The third row, the fourth row is not yours, you cannot believe such a special R only, that brother, it belongs to the commander, he is the only one going on the horse, the rest is also important, everything is important and there is no story in the party.  If there is a story in their party that someone has to say something, then they remove it, then when there is no democracy within the party, then why should we setup democracy? Learn from other things. Many times, do we also put some story on ourselves?  So People get angry in our country, how did the problem get resolved, UK likes it, it's okay if you go to UK, then brother, learn from them, they don't have any insecurity, they made him the Prime Minister of UK, see which language and how.  Or whoever does it, learn it, we can learn something from them also, even a little, how much conversation takes place within your party, that is, the MP of the party has value, there is a party there, they have some opinion, there is nothing here, either SIM  We  If you decide whether you will fight or not, whether you will get the ticket or not, it has been done like this and while leaving, I will say that democracy is not there even in people's homes, so in a very democratic country, father rules the house too. Is there a domineering father or In some John families, you are the grandfather, some are the mothers, this is the problem even inside the house of our country that one should listen to the child also, the child has grown up, it is theirs too, they should not take the story.  This is not the story of democracy, it is not even inside the house, all that is true but the individual I am selecting is the one who is not bringing democracy. You are understanding something of this day before yesterday but this day after tomorrow has gone no power in this party only so now  What should I do? I have to go to watch a movie. He is your favorite actor and you like it. His role is smaller than a guest appearance. Then what should I do? So why is this the choice of choice? Nahi kari ja shakti de last party witch me, this Delhi girl herself will be 10 years old, so it is not that she will go to a party every day, small parties will be established, there are many organized within the status, so it is not that what a party.  It will not come very soon. Ideology will come too much. But with this party, debate dialogue is not taking place. Brother, you have not shown India what is happening to the world, but do it privately so that you can have some idea about yours. Some camp was being held, Chinhwari, these camps and camps, nothing is happening, nothing and if you see their committee of fairies in which they are sitting, keep all this, everyone, who was Gadyavar or is there any significance of any party. Whatever top committee they have, take out and see, it is so much like this, the Young Leadership Party is not visible, they are like that outside, they are the girl's brothers, a wedding is taking place outside, the story is that animal there, the story is their story.  no photo  Hey, what do they have to say, what has to be done, which is the future, no grooming, nothing, no hand holding, no accounting, no calculations, okay brother, what is it, just that meaning, in such a country, we should have choice and grooming should be there, according to me, yours. Tell me what is the account and after pressing Madhya Pradesh Elections and Rajasthan Elections in Madhya Pradesh, thousands of rupees are in the account of Ladies, if you people are listening from Madhya Pradesh, tell me if anyone else got the mobile from Rajasthan.  It is okay that the mobile is being distributed, I think the figure of Rs 6200 is what I heard. You tell me what scheme is running for the one who is from Rajasthan. The scheme which is running in Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan, tell me it is okay, it is heavy.  There are votes and we will get so many, type, the government is giving money, okay, you think, elections are coming now, people promise later that we will come, then brothers and sisters, we will do this, leave those promises, they say.  View sisters, do it now, take the program, okay, so the public is enjoying, say yes, we will take this too, now what are you going to do in the next one, then whom should I take and the one who is middle class and has a little tax foot, he is a little worried.  If it remains, he will definitely feel that it is becoming my envelope, as if it has been shown to someone, is n't it the relief in Haryana? It is visible to the daughter-in-law, it is the pulse caste of the public, those who come to the house after marriage and take a breath.  caste is what we call someone after that  If all my envelopes are gone then the situation of middle class always remains like this. So this channel is not stressful, don't put negative comments on it. It's ok, enjoy it, don't ask anything else, many people can post it, it's ok in these new ones.  I have to investigate the cycle a bit, I have to find out what is happening, the way he takes the envelopes from the daughter-in-law, I speak in a little Haryanvi, just like everyone else's joint brother-in-law, before everyone else's South Indian, there is something there in this. Lot of gas, some type of mouth visible system and D. New girl comes after getting married, okay, new earthquake, if there is one, after veiling her mouth, then some shagun is called in it, okay, shagun, shagun is okay, faith of ₹100, ₹511  If it happens then everyone goes with it in such and such envelopes, so according to middle class, according to me, the one with the date should call her, take the envelope, give what to whom, post, okay, now you have taken it, now where have you taken it, so now Give these to all of you, you give this one to Ba ji, you understand but you should not do this much and how is the operation, how to proceed further, but I will keep making videos in the future, you enjoy, I hope you are enjoying the channel because of me absolutely.  Don't want to know your name, everything should be known and when everything is known about what is happening, then what is there in it, neither read in love for anyone nor hate anyone, nor be a sycophant of anyone, nor be a fan of anyone and no. Show someone too low and say brother, we have a good time, it is okay, we are not giving a very good laptop, this time we were getting a laptop last time, is the country getting so rich now, inflation is going on, so you are managing with mobile, what is this? You should be a laptop, this is India which was earlier and in the big countries and democracies, there is a lot of satar in it, it runs in the form of a poet, I am not that talented as a poet, but understand the satar from this, the government.  Understand that he does it everywhere, he does it even in the house, he also gets it done on his daughter-in-law, and they say, no, this is the big dialogue, this kind of dialogue has to be killed, this is what the middle class has to believe now.  To the politicians because now they will understand this language. What has happened is that the middle class has become a fan by force. There are some politics, they have taken your vote for granted and you and your voice too. So you have to show your displeasure by crying.  You are under compulsion because I am from Agra, I have selected you in the barbaron, I am taking you with this song, I am happy, we have to vote, this is the attitude to have, the middle class has become a fan like this, and this has been done, let me become a hero, that.  Exactly that example which is neither a daughter-in-law nor a daughter-in-law, when they showed that they took away your envelopes, all the states and cities, there is no daughter-in-law, okay, I hope you like my examples.  I also feel a little tired of this, without giving any stress, the thing is to understand, this channel is different, there is no chillam chilli, there is no elegance, there is no devotion for anyone, there is no hatred for anyone, there is no more love for anyone, love is its happiness.  And I love my happiness and peace with my mother's clarity and peace and I am giving this message to you all, think more about yourself and in the further video you will see this thing, thank you.