Hello friends, we will talk about infrastructure which has never been discussed because it is also very important. We have seen water dripping in the Parliament. The roof is fine. Water is dripping in the Parliament. A new Parliament has been formed. Brothers and sisters, what is the corruption? Tell me, I would like to tell you one thing.  Due to which you have always seen my videos, they are different, they are a little different, the train, can you see what is happening on the train, then there would be no point in making videos, otherwise this train is here every day.  A derailment happened today, there happened there, today this happened, it means this is a shameful thing and the minister is moving brazenly, that reel minister is moving and no one is asking anything because now he is tired, it means there is no limit, so many issues are happening everyday.  The opposition is not able to understand that the public should raise the issues of citizen journalists like us. What incidents are happening every day in Delhi, we have seen such unfortunate incidents. Three children are from the coaching center, so there is no need to talk about this. But the issue I have brought today is that first of all, the people of the country, the universities and the politicians of BJP say a lot of things to Nehru ji. We all say it is right brother, not all of them say it but many speak like this, Nehru ji said this. Today, through this video, we are clapping for Nehru ji with our hands like Bhakra Nangal Bhai Saheb, otherwise those who are today are like these, they cannot become Bagra Nangal, Bhakra Nangal is standing today and I am speaking sarcastically. I am speaking sarcastically. Clap for the British also. Have we ever seen the scene of buckets being installed in the old Parliament? I am speaking sarcastically. Beyond this, don't tell me that you don't love the country, I love the country.  That's why I am telling you since when has the British Parliament been standing, these people who had left it, had seen the scenes there, what they have shown you, then is this corruption? No, yes, it is not just corruption.  There may or may not be corruption. Listen carefully, brother, there is no talent in India. Civil engineers are not being made and those who are being made, I do n't know, are doing something else. All the good civil engineers are there. Maybe Bhai Saheb takes Adani Reliance and cannot make anything from Adani Reliance because those people will come and say, you see what is the misfortune of the country, now don't judge me now that you are BJP.  Is it Adani of Reliance or Congress, listen carefully, understand the chronology, understand the misfortune of the country, what is jealousy of the rich, crony capital accumulation, all the talent going to good places, where talent goes, talent will come at a cost if it will.  Come at a cost, he is not going to be a bidder, he will get the contract for anything, he will get the contract for the bridge, these are the bridges that have fallen in Bihar, brothers and sisters. They did not fall because of corruption. They did not fall so much because of corruption. No one wants to become so corrupt that the bridge collapses. Talk to any corrupt person. This is a brainless person. The design itself is bad. Corruption has always been there in India. Corruption is a problem and it happens in other countries too, but due to incompetent corruption, things still get saved. Stupid corruption is a disaster because if you make a wrong design, there will be some will in it. It is something like that you do not know how to make halwa and how much desi ghee you put in it, but if you do not know how to make halwa, then halwa will not be edible, then you cannot say that if halwa looks dirty then there is corruption and tax is not necessary.  There is corruption, many people make it edible even without desi ghee by adding some extra dalda falda. I am trying to make you understand that no one is discussing this. Come and tell them, hey brother, whatever you want.  They were either left the country or they are not being born or they are selling something else because civil engineer is not sexy sexy as a computer science, mechanical people are also learning coding because the money is the same.  We meet because there is no respect for Civil Engineers, they live in the sun and their face becomes so black. Brother, as much as you like, even if you are from IIT, you will have to do the work on the spot, you cannot work while sitting in AC, Civil Engineer. Engineers, this is the biggest problem in the government. Check their degrees in the engineering department to see what level and how much knowledge they have because supervision is their job. If any government department is doing supervision then  He is doing the work within which it is being made, even if you have given the contract form to someone, the form is good, she is sitting with good talent, she will not come in ELV because paying money to someone who is poor.  Talent has to be given by taking useless talent, it will make it cheaply and you have written the rule that it will go to the cheap one. Why brother, the country is being fooled with such a big infrastructure. Listen carefully, roads are made, infrastructure is called roads.  I have great respect for Gadkari ji, I tell people one thing in that also, we will build roads, we will build roads, for this you are being taxed to improve the infrastructure of the country, hello, wait a minute, wait, wait, when  If you give a contract for a road to someone, then under PPP they ask him to collect toll tax for 20 years and they say that you collect it, then where does this money go? If you have given Rs 1000 crore to someone to build a road, then they  Who will collect the tax, you have given it, he has made it but you are not giving but you are taking money, so you are saying that you are building infrastructure and before building infrastructure, you are imposing toll tax. Nitin Gadkari ji has made a big statement.  Well said Sitharaman ji, you are giving this insurance and why tax is being levied on it, you are also collecting troll tax for the death of a person, no one comes and tells us because many people think that Nirmala tai is like this, we are Gadkari ji that.  Everyone is good, yes because we like Golu Molu people, everyone also likes them, okay, I am not saying that they are not good, not bad, I am saying that toll tax is collected at many places in India where the time has passed.  It is a private toll being collected, its time has passed, look at Khed Ki Daula, we have been talking for a long time, let me talk about Gurgaon, the name of the channel is also Khedki Tola, tax is not being removed from them for how many years now?  So Dwarka Express has also been built, now it has been connected there, Sona Save Delhi Mumbai Industry Corridor has also passed through Jaipur, it is still getting collected, it is not being removed, it is not being removed, it is not being removed.  They take from places, they have made such a mess of infrastructure and are increasing taxes and work cannot be done otherwise it is the misfortune of the country that there is no talent in the country, neither are there talented leaders nor talented workers because whoever has talent is  He says, there is no need to put us in these backward places, we will do some work of our own, I will build a good house of my own. You have seen this, brothers and sisters, many of you must have built a house, your parents.  He must have built a house, is it a normal contractor, is it dripping? What kind of contractor are you, whether you are an IIT contractor or an architect or are you very great? A normal friend, extend your hand, don't you do it like this and send a letter with such force, it never drips from there. Parliament was dripping in Ayodhya, so understand what it is, it is not corruption, it is only negligence and lack of talent. Now it is being said in Ayodhya that there  Workers are not available to do the work. That's what Nipendra Mishra ji says. Google it and check that it will get delayed because there are no workers. Where have the workers gone? There are no workers in India. Oh, this country of 104.4 crores has gone to America. The workers have gone to Dubai. All the workers, what happened to the workers, what happened, no one is asking any questions from Ram Mandir ji, so what can be important, all the elections and all that, Jai Shri Ram and all that, there was so much respect and  Everything is there, workers are not available to do the work, so see that there is a huge shortage of talent in our country, don't cry just like that, there are no good colleges of civil engineering with good degrees and they are not given respect and money. Till the time we get it, it will be like this because these big projects require a lot of technical expertise. If you give contracts here to normal house builders, then check which firm it is and make noise about it, I will have nothing to do with it.  No, it will be a listed firm, which one will it be, but you tell me what is the news in the world, India's Parliament is dripping in the rain, more contracts will go out, we are Vishwa Guru, Vishwa Guru's Parliament is dripping, look at the view, he will make opposition.  He is doing the right thing. He is doing the right thing. Before this, the Parliament was not dripping, even if it was dripping, you would have done something that was not visible, you would have done it quickly, how did you allow the world to do this when you did so much? If we had control then we would have done Monsoon Session Actual Monsoon Budget Session Monsoon Session Monsoon has become the real monsoon, tell me what is the condition of the common man, if this is the condition of MP, then we will cry loudly for the infrastructure, everyone will cry together and will empress, where will this tax go?  Raha Hai Dil Maange More, earlier people used to say, is it like this? I will make one more video, its name will be very good video, it will be 'Tamacha Politics', you will enjoy it, I will stop it here. Yes, but we have to raise our voice on this thing. You can tweet wherever you are. YouTube 4 seats, this is what was done with them, 44 seats, then 52 seats, now 99, all three together do not form their government. If you add 44 and 52, then how much is 96, 96 more.  If you add 99 then it becomes 195. If you cannot form the government with the number of seats won in 19 elections, then the same fate can happen to you too.  The public wants you to get so many seats in the next three elections that the total number of your three elections would be 2009. By doing this again and again, you fall further into the pit. I am very surprised that this is what you say in defense that it was like this.  There was such theft in their time, this was that, how can it be done in their time, yes, look at their condition, what they have done, no, look at their condition, what they have done, you want the same condition to happen to you as well, Indians.  Janata Party is a very good party but I do n't know if there is a lack of talent in the party too. There is a shortage of people who speak, there is a shortage of people who argue. Modi ji himself does not sit in the Parliament. The budget session is on.  He is in Delhi only but does not sit. Rahul Gandhi ji has said that he will never be seen in my speech after today. I have done this to your leader and made him underconfident. What is happening in the country? We are shocked. Who is in the Parliament now? What statement will the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Kiran Riju Ju ji, give? It is very easy to stand there and say, this is the law, it is like that, say it like this, this is not right, that is not right, why is the Parliament dripping, please stop it.  Repair the Parliament again. What are you showing to the whole world? Brother, the Parliament is not functioning, it is raining or not functioning, then declare a rainy day. Why in the country?  It's a disgrace, is n't it, in a way, it is dripping from every roof and it means that the Parliament is of the country, why was a new Parliament created just to show off, the old one was better than this, then it is for the tax payers.  Money has been wasted. Will the Parliament of the new country run in the Parliament of the British? Make something good and use it. Friend, in everything there is respect and dishonor. If a good thing was made then its very structure was destroyed.  It was okay that a good thing was built, so why break it forcefully. If someone has built it, then why don't we make a good thing considering it as a heritage, otherwise we will build our own separate place and waste time. If the Taj Mahal is built, then it is good, money.  I am coming to tell him again that we will have to build our own, Ram temple is also very good, rest if new thing is needed then build the old one which is running well, then who leaves the old one, then why do n't you ask questions or ask questions at that time. So you are India's India  If it is so, then why is this Parliament dripping? Answer, you have to answer. Let's ask comfortably. Asks only with love. The citizen of the country is asking, what are you doing? On one side there is no water, no water on the other side, no water in the country. No lol, now so much water is coming, there is no way to control it, ca n't we collect it somewhere, this is the biggest misfortune, I want to tell you, it is a very big misfortune and I have only one solution, although I  not from any party  What Aam Aadmi Party and BJP have spread in Delhi is that after fighting in Delhi, Congress should come and form the government on its own. Say that we will run a bullying government, we will not be afraid of the Center and we will provide these resources and once the public  Do only these, I have never told anyone like this till date because speaking like this would be a waste of time that you are a Congressman, it may seem okay, but this is the job of teaching a lesson, brother, the common man's party says.  Our bureaucrats don't listen, you don't listen, then sit at home, then when you can't hear the voice of the public, you can't cry, how long can you cry? Yes, I am surprised, yes, I am surprised, yes, this is from Modi ji, I speak sarcastically.  A few people have a copy, now on many channels the music comes from behind it. It is a low budget channel of mine so I have to act. Many times people asked me how do you speak, so I had to explain it to you and one person.  yes sir  Okay, so throw them out, friend, the Aam Aadmi Party people have had enough of their existence, we are poor common people for 10 years and they think that they are our common man, they are doing nothing, it is better to appoint a Congressman, that one, that one is yours.  Rahul Gandhi ji will reveal the meaning inside the Parliament, I feel this from within, I want to tell the BJP people that Rahul Gandhi ji has enjoyed becoming the opposition leader, he has no fun in coming to power because those who come  It is fun to insult and go there, they know that sitting there is also an insult, I feel like this, I feel like this, many times they say, this is fine, friend, give me 99 seats next time, keep taking classes like this.  This is also a taste and I am saying that this is also fine, meaning whenever you enjoy doing this because they seem to be running away, if Congress wins next time then the government will be formed.  It is fine in 150 because it could not make it in 190. Congress will make it in 140. Okay, so let's see, right now I feel that the condition of Congress is what happened in the second term of 2011-12, when the government came in nine.  There was a lot of noise going on and the Nirbhaya case had given rise to that and then the Ramdev ji episode, Anna Hazare and the atmosphere that was being created.  It has started to get created, this honeymoon period is not even there, people like us used to say, friend, do your own business of politics, now brother, you have to enter because it is affecting your life, every decision is affecting the government, sometimes this tax is  Sometimes those taxes are like this, sometimes like that, because they have to be made like this, that is why they have to be political, every person will have to have a choice, there is no choice, I am the first person, so oh brother, if the world is dynamic then it will take two years.  If I said earlier then this is the biggest thing, will it continue the same, will things change every six months? I am still ready to give a lot of advice to the BJP people and to the NITI Aayog that the situation can still be changed in your favor if  If you want such a video, then I am ready for that because I am actually here for the public and I also know that I have no interest in the fact that the food I have cooked for 5 years, from which I have to eat, gets burnt every day. Have fun and enjoy, I am not the opposition, the ghee of the opposition dissolves, the Parliament is dripping, so are the tears of the common man, my tears are equivalent to the dripping of the Parliament, what is this happening to my tax payer's money and the ghee of the opposition?  It is melting, you understand that this is the difference between a common man and the opposition, the ghee of the opposition is melting that now another issue can be found.  They humiliate them and use titter but the heart of the common man cries, you understand this difference, this is the difference, there is no resolution here in this channel, there are many opposition channels and which are completely against Modi ji BJP.  If you want to blow them like that, then the grease melts inside me, I feel like crying, I don't want it, friend, legacy could have been good, yes, 10 years seemed like they had passed well, now it means is it time to pick up the bag or what?  The results of three elections are being awaited. RSS meeting is going on in Kerala. Now many people have started holding independent meetings. What to do with them. Discussions are slowly taking place. The atmosphere is slowly getting heated. I still want it.  Yes, I still want the reason to be clearly visible, to promote the speech of Anurag Thakur ji in which the content has been expanded and to promote the expanded line.  It does n't suit you. It doesn't suit you to praise like this. People are watching those things which are very below the belt. I do n't know whether there is anyone to give guidance or not. People are so scared, how to guide them, Rahul ji.  He is not afraid, that is why Rahul ji is getting the best guidance. He is getting fours and sixes on every ball and Modi ji is getting beaten on every ball. Who is telling him that he has taken the wrong vehicle, he is feeling that he is off stump.  guard  And it is from the middle stump, it is like that reference point itself is wrong and someone is having fun by telling that friend, do it like this, there is no fun, there is so much fear, who can go and tell, let it go, it is a big deal like us, still  They are telling and many people see, they write on a big level, channels and videos will come, only positive ones will come if someone wants to take it because we, the public, should not care who is running the country, how is it going, it should matter to them.  We need to see what they are getting in the country, what is their feeling, let them run as per their wish, what do we have to do with us, how is the environment being created, we have to see first the issues of Agniveer, after NEET, then the border issues, then this issue of trains. After one after the other things, you are calling for a bronze medal, why brother, why to get clapping, this way Xi Jing Ping will remain a colp, so many medals are going to come from China and Vidan ji.  Meaning, these small things should remain on that phone, the bronze medal is not a big thing, yes, hey, it is a country worth 140 crores and you are pampering us, once all these Olympians come back, they will be given tea after winning medals.  Throw a party at your place, every time a medal comes, call him and put it on speaker, now he is our Sarabjot ji, he has seen how he talked, you have seen that tone tenor, he is his Mannu Bhagar.  She was talking like this, sir, thank you, I liked it very much, she was in love, you have seen what happened, so now I should see, I will tell you subtle things, you people like this kind of content, tell me, now there is so much.  Now, we will have to bring two videos in a day. Do you want that two videos should also come because whenever you get time, take out 1.5 and watch it together, this one is fine, not all the videos, but if the athlete wants to watch it.  so give it  Will come because some more content will come in many days so please like and share thank you very much