Hello friends, very good comments have been coming on the video, very good spirit, my spirit is awakening, today I am going to tell you a secret which will tell you an original thing, you think about this and this thing, you just have to pick up this video, pick up means.  This is a moral application because till date no one has explained this to you properly. This is from our middle class which is my audience because in the lower class there is no asking and the rich class makes a mistake in this, they give money and they will not speak.  Poor, okay, I am using the word poor because they spend a lot of money and are going to spit. Right now in the elections, the middle class has to make this demand and I am going to tell you in this demand that a lot of money can be saved because in India and Anything happens in India, anything happens in our country, there is a lot of talk about money that brother, this money will go back a lot, only this much will go back, that's why people come here jumping, today I am on tax foot, middle class, middle class, these are those who  pays taxes  And the class does not pay tax. Basic definition is fine. Tax money is being spent on advertisement. Advertisement is done by the state government or central government. Advertisement should be zero. Whoever has a party in the state, the expenditure should be from the party fund only. The region is telling about it.  All these politicians, from the one at the top to the one at the bottom, brothers and sisters, they keep doing their own advertisements 24 hours a day.  Tore this, opened this, did this, then why do you put that secret in the newspaper? I am going to tell this secret. Why do they look inside the newspaper after seeing the newspaper ad? No one gets votes for them. Not many people even read the newspaper. He is going to tell the truth tomorrow.  I am and they run ads on INLD news. Now you will see ads on INLD news running in newspapers. They are from different political parties, but they are from the state government and the funds are from the central government. I have been those six.  If it becomes zero, you have to give aid from the government fund. This is a small party, there is a government like his, where in Gurugram, next to him, see how much he does and he reduces it. People calculate the figures of the rest, the biggest government is the biggest.  Big government and biggest leader, you will go crazy that they took so much money from us and what did they do with us through tax foot. Actually the reason is, I am getting a little passionate.  I am telling you with full dedication that I am putting so much of my life into it that even the videos have to be sold. These are the media and news and the money to buy them because what kind of money should be given in a sack, the government is taxed, so take out the money in the sack and then give it to someone, then power. How will they give it? From the middle of this ad, whoever opens his mouth against them in the newspaper and across party lines, whose government is doing everything, will not give money to him and as soon as he gets the money, he will sing their praises to the maximum.  They will say shamelessly and this is their method, the second method is the hoardings which are there whenever you look at the hoardings and check this, send RTI to the people and you further tell them that if you spend money on such ads of the government, then you will not get votes. How many feats have you done? They put money in the hoardings, they do their work, they eat the money, the one who works on the hoarding contract, took the money from the hoardings.  The material is there, it does their work across the party lens, I am telling you that the money goes from the government, how will the money go from the government to the workers, if you can't give it then this is the biggest scan, you tell me, when you go in a helicopter, you go into trouble, there is a rally.  It is like this, you are doing only advertisements, you hold press conferences, all your leaders and ministers, who are in the cabinet, are doing advertisements. Lens Across and Government did this for 24 hours, gave a gift on Twitter, so this is an ad only, now what is the need to print it separately, you gave it to me, you took a mother, you will not lie, brother, I am a people, I am in hi officers, when they  If you want to open your mouth on record, then it is accepted that it is true, why do you print the truth again in the newspaper and give advertising money to this app and then you see, even two party fonts from your party fat, which one is theirs?  It's your father 's money, it's his money, that money also belongs to the public and that public, tell me one thing, why would anyone give money in the party, no one gives ₹ 50 for free, even when they donate, 90% of them also look like this. This is how they do it by taking photos, if I get some mileage then you know where that money is coming from, for what purpose it is coming, the political party is sitting on the fence, don't you do your own kind of advertisement which you do?  If he is not in the government, he will cry only then because of coming to the government, he will also give that money to the government. Please check Google, file RTI and check everywhere and make it an election issue. Brothers and sisters, how much money will you save?  Do you know how many thousands of crores of money will be saved? Do you guys have any idea about this? Is this idea original? Is this a good idea? Is this an ID? Someone should stand up and say something to any party.  We will not only talk among ourselves about the program and even at the national level, be it the biggest party or the smallest party, everyone is in two, three or five statuses. Your drama is happening, so never stop each other, this is for each other. Politicians who criticize everything, you are a thief, you are a thief, you are a thief, you did not do it, you did it, you are useless, you are useless, I am good, sometimes you have to say that for how much do you put an ad and I put it because the media.  how to  Control, now we have come to the YouTube stage, YouTube has stopped getting money, YouTube Row is being called, it is being facilitated every time, if you have seen me taking a photo with any leader, then remember it is simple, if someone  This is the kind of channel or we have to tell such things and we have to tell independent opinion, nothing is ever neutral, opinion is always there but we have to make it important, that independence opinion honey. If I have to say tomorrow that brother, someone has done this thing well, then that is an opinion concrete. Now it does not mean that I accept everything about it, but if I am going in the same direction, then people are wise, so wise.  If everyone understands then this is the biggest rigged game. Sari Meet, you cannot trust any media, the media houses are owned by politicians, sorry, they are businessmen and all over the world are politicians. What will they themselves do? They have front and join debts and those who carry an agenda and you know it suits you, you like it, sometimes you also feel ashamed that the friend is doing too much, saying too much.  If so, then start boycotting these things, you say simply, brother media, we will not watch the news because that news is only advertisement, how many advertisements will we watch? I am a common man like you, he has started a channel for me.  If you ever see such activities on the channel, then do let me know because if it happens one too many times, I will use my hard-earned platform to ask questions to any politician and I do not ask questions to politicians. You have seen my previous video.  Have also seen that what question should one ask to a politician? Are you a mango or a cat's account? Once I got a chance to interview a senior politician, I have to go to ask this question. I would like to ask someone the answer.  No, no, and all the interviews are done on recording, so suddenly no one can talk to me anyway. Government, this should be zero. Do n't tell the government. Tell me about your schemes. Tell me who has accepted it. You are sitting with the government.  There are officers in your government, there are groups below the officers, there are groups below Group B, there are C, there are peons from DI. Tell them, whatever advertisements are done by the government like uncle teacher, tell them about the government's gas scheme.  Your sarpanch is all your workers, each of these fairies is sitting with 12-12 crore workers to comment that 12 crore workers are yours, publish you in the newspaper too and I am taking every party together, do n't say here that you belong to it. I don't belong to anyone and we don't belong to anyone. If you want to belong to someone then you have to belong to your wife, to belong to your children and to be your own and to be your mother. Who are you and have you known a lot about belonging to someone else? Then adopt your brother's children, sister.  Take it and have your father-in-law with you, after that, please share this idea that I have given you, please check it, if it spends money then it seems like a pickle and it is an election campaign, why should you include it in the campaign?  You keep pushing me, what do you tell me, you tell me what you have done, you have given this thing, torn it, put it on us, we have done all this, and if you have done so much and put so many ads, then why are you getting so many letters?  all kernels  You won't know while roaming around, you should be very confident, you did very good, you advertise it very well, so if there is a student who has studied very well, has very good knowledge, he is confident about the exam, he will not appear in the exam, which paper will I try?  It happens that the one who has made a fuss, who was showing to mom and dad, is roaming around very quickly about the condition of everyone, so now we have to make the public aware about anti  No, Banna Bhai Saheb, how much budget do you make in the government? No, the government has done it, they have to tell them that if you do what has happened from now on, no problem, you did not have the knowledge and we also did not have the knowledge, we would not have woken up, Guru ji.  From Gurugram awakened us, now we will ask questions in 2023, we will ask in 24 that the government will spend thousands of crores of rupees for its Y-Bhai and Rs. Stories have been heard everywhere to save money. Stories to save money will be spent here, band this, band that, a politician bands his pension and by giving money to his workers, the government gives money to the workers. What does it mean, friend?  All these tent house people, see which party, in every state government, all the workers become tent house people, all the tent house people because that way is the function of the government, it is the function of the government, it is the function of the government.  It is the function of the government. It is the function of this government. Is it necessary for any government to know what is the need of knowledge when all these things are reduced by electronic means, I am not going to make you aware through YouTube, they know that if the story is not known then they will not get it. 15  People are not going to listen to me, my YouTube channel is a small channel, it may not have 10000 subscribers but still 10-15000 people like one video.  Let's see what I am saying about a politician, if you don't organize or do something like this, then 10,000 of his men will stand up, if he goes quietly and stands up, whether he wants to give any message on the story, his message is nothing, sir, make less beedis.  Tell me the money, take it on the tractor, brother, isn't it there? Take this, take this note, we will fly away, it will be yours, so and so's daughter-in-law's job was brought, yours was transferred, yours was his, this was his.  This is this, let the Gadar people gather together, this is from my district, then this is from my tehsil, from the block, from the campus, Panchayat, everyone is on duty, 20 people, 30 people, 40 people, one behind the other, then they do it like this.  Even then if you don't pay him ₹ 50000 then more than that he is his friend Elevation Hello on YouTube and he can say whatever he wants, he gave him 3 lakh rupees, you are his gram in Devi Lal Santi  If someone from three lakhs stands up to a politician then tell his name Politician When I came Other politicians I mean other politicians Actually three lakhs like this He said, brother, reach there, my gram people, two Devi Lal Parks reached on this date Three lakhs someone  If any politician has the guts then tell me and here I am saying that other politicians are fine. Any min, even those of Amitabh Bachchan level can extract money from superstars and we have to stop the public from doing the same. Corruption is here, it is big, it is not there in other places. It is here that the money given by this government is being given through whom and it is going to whom selectively, that is why there is so much incentive to work and if I become a political activist then it is not a common man.  At home, father says, Son, your father is coming, go to the railway station, some uncle of 25 years, 30 years is not ready to get up, he will go, take the auto, father, I am sleeping.  Why do they roam around because brother, we get this, we have to catch this political activist also, every time next time, anybody wants you to come in influence, you know left right, what are you getting, no, I am not getting anything, I am for the country.  I am laughing, it's okay, the agenda is there, many people are involved in multi-level marketing, politicians and politics don't speak MM, brother, there is a scheme below this, every man becomes three. Then she will make three of them. The one at the top earns the most money and the one at the bottom earns the most money. Do you know that I am teaching you multilevel marketing? What comes in it is that brother, is it a scheme or a product?  There is nothing to do with it, it can be anything, from toothpaste to some soap to oil to clothes, anything to some scheme, whatever it may be, the power is the model, this is the one with the pyramid, it is okay, the politics is also the same, you should not become the stupidest person at the bottom. This is just a message, I hope you will correct this thing that I have told you, it is a very unique thing, advertisement is given money forcefully, they are given money to keep the narrative going for 24 hours, no one does anything less than the ideal for free.  This is as bad as in Noida too, these too are kept in a big policy, the rent is spent, it seems expensive, it is less expensive, so this ad is not running like this, these are not run by any ADO whose soap and oil we are selling.  These people are running on ads. Your eyes should be opened. For the next 7-8 months, I am telling the general public to see the ads in the newspapers and they will see what will happen in the news media of the political party or the one who is not in power. One ad will come, the other one will have 10. Ok, Kuber's treasure has been found. Kuber's treasure is the public's treasure, the one who is going from it, you just have to check through RTI, brother, just tell me the last 5.  How much money did you spend in a year? The government has to keep track of every kind of documentary, but that government does some advertisement but it does not tell how much money was spent on advertisement because if uncle does not even ask then he will have to tell when he tells.  If you have to, then this uncle who took the money will not be published in the newspaper, that news will not be published on the news channel because if you know that it is being received on my channel, I am getting money on my YouTube channel.  So will I tell him that I am getting money from this, I will also tell him, no one told you, you understand, Nobody Bill, expose this, because this is less fun, but if you ask then it is right, ask more and tell him the thing, public, now you You will say, why don't you check and tell me, I have given less ideas to the Guru, if I start reducing all these then how will I do them because people will give me money, brother, you do it, no, Chandragupta.  If you want then Sher will do it and if you have understood the point till now then it is good and this is not the place for hats of any kind here because here we are talking about the welfare of the public and about creating awareness and no one is spreading negative politicians dreams.  They are doing religion, the least is to stay in power. The biggest religion of the one who is in power is to stay in power, first of all, after that, he will do something. No person can do good for anyone else unless he does good for himself first. See this is a fact.  So this is what you are doing  They are making big, do not comment, have to tell you directly that friends, this is what I don't like it and I don't like other vices. How will it be cured, I understand all that on a different channel, there is no less of it here, this was the message here, I hope you guys understand all these messages, please share it, I made this video with a lot of effort. Make it very fashionable, put your tweet on Twitter, put it on WhatsApp group, put it on the public, just like they see in the pictures, just like you would see a picture, recently the public has seen the example again and again and the public is getting this realization.  It must be some external thing that he will be something, but it is me who is doing it, in real life it will be like this, now I am not sexy and he looks like Shahrukh with a singer in his mouth and driving a motorcycle like this.  I am doing like this, I am a normal person, I am looking just like you, so I am not as sexy as you are, but brother, I have power later, the original thing is power, I tell people, share it and if you have not subscribed to the channel, then do number in democracy.  You have got the platform and write in the comment area of ​​Dhaba because the quality of the comment area has shown what is the quality of the channel and subscribe.