Hello friends, today there is a sensitive, sensitive, okay, sensitive in English, I want to discuss this topic, think with an open mind, there are many of you who are interested in this topic, I will be talking about an issue of identification of armed forces, beyond this, I also have  I am coming because I am Guruji, I also give consultation, I give clarity on every issue, so I want to tell you on this also and please share it if your tweet and WhatsApp are relevant.  This is fine, share it, because many issues are not being discussed. Will only caste and religion be discussed? You can do some other work also, now things are being talked about openly. Now the match has reached political slog overs. Whatever match is happening, okay, today we will discuss two or three things related to the armed forces, one thing that is coming is that by doing disability pension, it is given to those people who somehow got disabled while doing their duty, there is a lot beyond that. they are the law  There is pension, things are being tweaked in it and those who are disciplined in the armed forces, now they do not open their mouths, they cannot open them, they should not even open them, it is okay, I am being very pragmatic, I am not the one who is so emotional and so loud. I am going to talk about very practical things, talk to anyone in India, talk to any politician, talk to any politician of any party, talk to any person on the road, talk to the educated, talk to the illiterate.  You can do it with any group of people, it comes out of the same mouth, we love our armed forces, we respect you a lot, so there is no complaint in that, but brother, do it on this thing too, only respect will do, are you very fond of it?  We respect you, we love you, everyone says this to me, so I have to ask, who are these people who are doing this work, who are they, are they some bureaucrats, are they civilians, who are sitting somewhere in the ministry, is this the great thing?  Do the politicians know that our hearts beat every time and should beat every time? Do they know that the only thing that I am going to discuss is to come and say that this thing that is being discussed has only two or three options, this is absolutely wrong.  There is no such thing, this can be a choice, the second choice is that this is a thing, I did not know it, my God, this is wrong, we will fix it, of course, now you have told me, thank you very much.  You get a reward, you told this thing, this second thing we will do and the third thing we know we are doing, ask us, tell us, we are teasing the issue, we are teasing it comfortably, as if there are only three options to do anything in democracy. That this thing is being told, this very thing can be wrong, it is wrong and it is right, then you tell me that among all the things which are there in disability pension, there is a factor of 20 in which if you have more than that, then you will get pension and all those things.  is being tweaked and by changing the word of disability, a new thing is coming in many cases by changing the word relief. Why do they keep doing this new thing? You have to save money, neither do you have to save money, nor do you have to save money.  Are Armed Forces a profit and loss company? Is it a PSU? Why do n't they save money in PSU? They are in Air India. You don't know how many thousands of years it took them to take that decision by investing thousands of crores. Since when are the Armed Forces for profit?  And there will be a loss for Agniveer, this is a loss, what if something happens to Agniveer, you have conditioned the terms of Agniveer, let's save the pensioners, that was to equip the armed forces, this was the story, did you agree that it is fine, do something.  You did it for four years, but in its terms and conditions, earlier, suppose a young man used to come for a job for 15 years, he was appointed and he got something done in one year or two years, okay, so he had some system, did n't he?  You have done something for the country, if anything happens to you, the country will take care of you, so that four year old Agniveer has come, okay, you are not giving him anything further, but whether you want to discuss it or not, first tell me as much as I can.  Listen to the audience, whether you want to discuss it further in detail or not, listen to this issue, don't listen, don't look, don't speak, don't speak, this is to be made, this is to be made, then tell me other wise, those who are affected by this one now or this one.  Now many cases are going to come to the court differently because of this and this is not right for the country, the country cannot have a situation where the country is going to be protected, the court is going to take justice, the court will take the decision but this is the situation first.  It should be told and discussed and it should be said whether it is being discussed on any TV channel, on news channel or on social media or on T-Forward. Why is it not being discussed? Is it true or is there a fear of something when nationalism?  This is such a big issue, now a fighter movie will be released on 25th January in 2024, and beyond that, elections will be played, I am telling you that we should play, we should play, politics should be run in its own way, there should be nationalism, but what is this, is this real, to whom these are the real ones.  These are the TV people, not those from the movies, these are the real ones who are unhappy. If you look at the armed forces, they are serving only 12 to 15 lakhs. Count the 50-60 lakh retired families.  So these four crore vote banks are also found, but brothers and sisters, these four crore are not in one place because there are national people from Jammu and Kashmir to Kanyakumari and which city should I say in the West? I know the city of Budj for you people. Or you settle till Ahmedabad only, it is fine in Gujarat or there is some other place to the left of that, small or big, it is fine till the border, from there till you reach East Eastern Most, Sukhiya, Dib Garh, there is much beyond that.  from such a big country All our military brothers come, okay, so now they are spread out, so they have some vote bank somewhere, some vote bank somewhere, some vote bank somewhere, so now if this is just one, that ridiculous, ill- mannered MP of some state, who has votes in five to six areas.  How much did he tolerate and how many protests did he bring? Had he been a normal person, he would have told him, "Dude, you are being so ill-mannered" but could not remove him because he can effect five-six seats, will he do it or not, I do n't know what his status is.  So brothers and sisters, can't these people do this, am I appealing to the politicians also because brother, the politician only listens to the vote bank and should also be listened to, it is his religion, not against the politician, I am making him sense, but there is this thing in him.  There is no awareness among the people about what is happening, everything is being done in the name of money, you are cutting it like this and where is it going, then which one, someone should be happy, how much is being saved, first of all this.  How much will be saved? First of all tell me because the name of the disability pension has been changed. There is no tax on the person with disability. What will you do by deducting the tax on disability pension? How much will you save? How many people are getting it? Some section of the society is getting it from within. I believe in this.  I think that our politicians are very good, I believe that our leaders are very good, I do not think that they know this very well because if they know, brothers and sisters, then it is they who win and lose the elections. Someone in the department below him is doing mischief and there could be 10, 20, 30, 40 people who are doing mischief, not more than that and they say the same thing, there are those elements in the government, many a times he has benefited from it. It has become departmental among ourselves, it remains a department in Raita, I want to tell the politician, you want to lose the election, you vote by throwing money. Now in Rajasthan, votes are being given by giving phone calls. In MP, votes are being given by giving Laadli scheme, so brother, this is also Rs 5 crores. No one gave you consultation, Prashant Kishore ji, did your consultant remain in Bihar only?  He has disappeared, he doesn't know anything like math, excel or fax. I am telling you this issue to the politicians, no one is discussing it, no one is talking about it. Read it, it will affect you in the elections.  Please go and stop this relief pension system. Stop making these name-callings. Someone is telling you that this is a lifestyle problem. Your heart has become like this. If this has become a problem then it is a lifestyle problem. Oh that life.  The style was also given by you. Who is living in the mountains, forests and mountains without family for two-two-three years? Is he not stressed? What food is he eating, where is he living under gunshots, is he dying?  He was not stressed, if something happens to his body due to his stress, then you will not say, no, this is your lifestyle disease, Lalaji's lifestyle D, the one who sits and eats this kachori, the one who is your army brother, is he eating kachori, tea, pakoda, kachori, is he full?  You have your training regimen, you have your medicals, every year when you select someone in the army, there is a proper procedure. You select a fit person. Now don't you say, it was your genes that were bad, so why don't you check, what were your genes that were bad, now this will be a problem for you, don't do this, it makes a difference on morale, I would like to talk about leadership also here, the amazing leadership of the army.  There is no doubt that it is fine at the junior level but on other things I want to tell you one thing, you guys tell me and I will try to wrap it up for the bureaucrats too and what if a person becomes a general?  He should join a political party. After one year, do we have to put any clause? After 5 years, let me tell you a very good thing. There is bureaucracy across departments, all across railways, on big positions in the government. It has a lot to do with the private corporate sector. Contracts are left, work has to be done and it has to be done, the country runs like this but the clause in it is that the company with which you have signed some contract or anyone you have any connection with.  If you get it done then you cannot learn employment in it because that conflict of interest comes, it is a very good thing, it has very good check and balance, it is very good check and balance, it is very good check and balance that also I was giving you the contract, I was in the position.  I was retiring in a year and you hired me, so could you, I am considered a pro, so there is a provision, but the same thing does not apply to political parties, brother, no, brother.  You and I drive your agenda, that too is employment, isn't it a kind of political service, only you will become a minister, you will become an MP and they will become MP, no one is telling you these harsh things, we have to discuss it properly.  I also get emotional while speaking, but I am not emotional but I have satirized it. How Mama Tune Changes Mama Tune Changes Naa Woh Kolavari De Kola De Song  Inside comes someone wearing a big coat. He is talking about our country, not about any other country. The big judge of our big court, the biggest judge, the biggest judge, the one who talks like this, a case of sexual harassment has been filed, Mama Tune Chance to know.  You should see, this is how the rule works, this is how it used to be, I am not judging it, this is how it should be done, but the public should know what is happening, why should they become so crazy because this channel is for the intellectuals. Don't go here and create a ruckus, but we should know what is happening, the discussion should be complete, we should know that we know this is happening, you do it, you do everything, we are all watching like this, the public knows everything, I am the public on this, everything is happening.  Even if you know it, a video of mine will be made very cute. If you know, I do that, don't the public accept this dialogue? Politicians, the public is very intelligent, the public knows very well that it is like this, there will be another video on this, don't subscribe to the channel.  here you  You will get independent opinion. Neutral opinion is the word I never use. Opinion is never neutral. It is always at some site. It keeps changing from different sites, but people have made everything black and white that if you are speaking like this then you are against it.  I have uploaded 3233 videos so far. You can't tell my political affiliation. You see a change in every video. Do you ever see a change in every video? I keep doing flip flops like A for apple, sometimes B for ball and sometimes C for cat. One half of me will only say L for loser. I will not say the line. L is for loser, which is also called left. Okay, put it in that too.  Gives half a bar in the category, half in the video, rest I keep roaming in ABC, okay, it is an independent opinion, not so-and-so, bitter, and not creating a ruckus, please tell me, friend, this should also be known. If anyone has ever misused the Disability Pension, then to get it under the procedure, the systematic balance has to be maintained. You should not brush everyone off. Disability Pension does not mean that you will have to take only pills to become disabled while you are on duty.  You are going from one place to another. You are on duty. In the army, you are on duty 24*. Ruling on courts etc. has also come. Even if you are on leave, you are always a soldier. On Duty: If he is going somewhere even on leave and something wrong happens then he has the right to take action by the law because he is on duty he is always on duty and if something happens to him while doing Sambalpuri and it is Very but what is that? Will I have to go to the court every time? I mean, what are you doing then, why are you doing it? How much money will you save, how much will India's GDP grow? Tell me, this government is busy in advertising itself. All the governments spend Rs. 10,000 crores, I am not telling any party, we did this, we did this, now you, these are the rallies that will be held in six months of elections, in this too, they have torn it apart, blown it up, done it like this.  I did it and then again posting photos of you, you are roaming around everywhere and half a man, and these photos are everywhere on social media and outside, here and there, here too, I mean, I am so interested, it becomes too much.  If it happens then it falls, don't do such things, some things are like this, don't tease them in this country and that is the last man standing when everyone raises their hands, no one gets flooded in any situation, okay internal  The situation is done, the rights are done, this is done, if something happens from outside, then he is your last man standing, he is yours, you don't go there and do the work, and to do this work only the one who is not allowed to do it will do the work.  He does n't know S of security, he doesn't know N of nationalism, he does n't know P of patriotism and he does n't know L of loyalty, he doesn't know Kakh, he doesn't know what is that emotion when that soldier is standing somewhere to do anything. So he is standing on this faith which is the faith of the country that brother, if something happens to you, they will take care of you, don't be afraid because the bullet comes from nowhere, it is neither seen nor heard, it seems straight and how much more  It hurts, doesn't it? Those who have got it, only those who have got it know, those whose near and dear ones have got it, only they know. Please don't save money by going here and if you have to save money, then first tell me how much you want to save, the whole country will come together and  They will put in your treasury fund, those 50 huge treasury funds of yours are lying open, of which there is no accounting, where did it go, what did it go to, no one knows anything, neither can ask the name nor can put it in RTI, nor can it be put by who gave it, nor can you put anything in yours. Electrol Bund  Those who do not know who goes to whom, except those who are in the ruling party, no one knows about the rest, if someone else puts it in, then it is yours to do so, you tell them that the government says, tears will come out of your eyes, you are a normal man.  What are you saying, we are not John Forces people who are at 99.9. Tears will come out of your eyes as I am going to tell you that a soldier pays his own insurance money because he is ready to insure his outsiders.  No, a soldier cannot get his normal health insurance because his risk factor is not high. If you read the health insurance, you will also find it written that I am not in armed forces and that the soldiers pay their own money for their own risks.  For getting life insurance, ask if there is anything in your department, check their system, they have different names, get it by doing AGIS, you are different, I do not have all the knowledge.  Here the meaning of the person who distributes is that he himself is giving insurance for death and is going towards death, holding competitions, doing selection, doing training and saying, I will go and eat and I will give insurance and then you come with them.  You are playing this game, you are giving disability relief pension, be ashamed, be ashamed, do politics in many things, save money, I will tell you, I will give you a free consultation.  Where can money be saved? One and a half crore places can save money. You have to save it here. You have to save it here. A lot of money will be saved. You will become a tycoon. If you tell me, it is total. This is badassery. Politician needs to tell this. You have got three options. Only again I  Will surprise the video address to the politician your votes will go brother everyone likes to win the election I believe maybe you don't even know because  Even the politicians don't know when no one is speaking, not explaining, down down down down, the buttons will be pressed somewhere else, why not as much as the elections, still work has to be done, make false promises like you always do everywhere, liar, what is the problem, just say it.  We will see, it cannot happen like this, there cannot be justice for our army brothers, say it or say that this is happening as per our wish, we know everything, we have given our blessings or you can punish those who are doing mischief.  you this this Can't make a round bargain, we have a lot of respect, we have a lot of respect for the army brothers, a lot, when you tell us, we have a lot of respect, who does n't have respect, tell me the name of any person in the whole of India, who doesn't have respect in 144 crores and who is this  Ready to say on camera that I have no respect for the army but everyone has respect, then when everyone has respect then why is it discussed every day that we are very  I have respect. No, I have a lot of respect. No, I have a lot of respect. I come from Haryana. We have many boys here in the army. Okay, that's why this issue is very near and dear to me. Okay, many people are in touch. Okay, many people brother.  There are martyrs from everywhere, there are many from here too and the percentage in our state, Haryana, within the national population is not even 2, but within the army, that percentage is very high.  There are a lot of officers at the level and even at the lower level, go to a village, go to a family, there is one person in every family or wants to go, out of these three you will get and in many of them you will get five.  - If people are going from five generations, then this issue is dear to me. Those who are dear to me, then don't listen like this, just comment here, spread this message so that it reaches the ears of some politician. Son, your exam is coming, this is your number five question, it is going to be cut, the voting percentage is 2 to 3, the election is going to be very close, in this way, this match will go in 50 overs, there will be a very tight finish in many contests and there. Votes are also received through ballot paper. The one from Rohtak had lost. Our ballot paper is fine. Remember which one is which. That is fine. If the ballot paper had lost, then let's change the ballot paper. An example of a constitution was also given when the vote gets stuck in less than 10,000 votes. These people of MP decide. You must have heard that the counting of votes comes first on the ballot paper. The ballot paper is the first to be opened. Who gives the ballot paper today?  Everyone presses the button on the day. Brothers and sisters, where do the ballot papers come from? They are the ones with ballot papers. Take care of the ballot paper people too, that is the message and top.  There is also a request to the military leadership, just look at it a little, brothers, it is okay, you have eaten salt, there should be a little salt towards those people whom you have commanded, if there is an issue, then do it logically, legitimately and according to logic.  If there is something wrong then add the check balances. Add the check balances. Now isn't it the case that this ration is distributed to everyone in India, all the BPL people are sitting with this card. Do you deserve, then you shut down everyone, you say that I will put more checks and balances, if you bought a car then you are not poor, if you bought a house, then you are not poor then if you put check balances then brother, there are checks in this.  Put your balances already. According to me, based on my knowledge of hearing and talking to people, there are already a lot of check balances, but if you want to increase then increase it more, no one is forbidding but genuine.  In this case, you are under the garb of what ever and I am still mine, I do not believe that the politician knows, I will not abuse the politician so soon, because of this, it is easy for the politician to become cheap, I think so.  Because why would any politician do this, it means these are five crore people, these are 50 lakh ex- servicemen, every ex-serviceman and those 15, how many families have four, five, 10 people, everyone has a father.  Mom, brother sister, by doing this and that, brother vote is four five crore votes, there will be 94 crore 95 crore voters, put 100 crore voters, let's vote, 60 65 crore will vote, 65 crore will vote, then out of 65 crore, four five crore voters will be angry.  When elections are looming, at least this free consultation means thank you to me, then say I want all political parties to take up this issue and first thank you.  Me for making it an issue and for you I have brought this low hanging fruit and fix it and make them happy, this is your direct vote bank of 5 crores, tell me one more thing, one more thing, this is a retired army man, he is not 510, one  A retired soldier has the power to influence 100 people. I am also telling this because leadership is such that it is left with the army, it remains with many others also.  So we are trying to influence millions too. Okay, please share. Thank you very much.