Hello friends, today we will discuss about Agniveer Scheme. Nowadays politics is a political issue and according to me its understanding is not very clear and it is not clear because the ruling party has implemented it and the opposition is speaking about it very superficially.  It is not good, it is not good and is not able to convey because an intellectual who needs the bandwidth to understand something, perhaps he does not have it, so today I will discuss.  I will try to do this. You are a common man, I will try to give you complete clarity on this issue. You guys tell me, whatever issue has been made in the Agniveer scheme, it has been made for the child who is a human being and no one calls him that.  This is good, some are saying that it is not good for this, this is the topic of discussion, the opposition is saying that this person should be given a job and that is not good, who will come for a year, the opposition and the ruling party are saying no, this will reduce our pension bill.  It will happen like this, it will be beneficial and we and him  We will adjust and the benefit will be like this. This has been discussed for the last many years since the scheme has come. I will discuss this rather than what is good for it. I will discuss what is good for the country, for the organization and for the armed forces. No one has discussed this, let's discuss it because we will look at the individual, he is very important. Let's discuss the individual only to understand the organization. Army, Air Force, Navy, all three.  The organization of our armed forces operates in a different way. It should not have been there at all in the Air Force and Navy. It should not have been there. It should not have been there. It will be discussed. Why it should not have been there. It was not needed. And for the Army, it is on record that which arm  The senior officers of the forces, General Saheb and all this, have said that a book was also going to be published, which has not been published yet because the elections and all that have come, because it will be published on this issue, maybe someday.  Let's see when it will be published after the elections, but I want to give clarity on this now. If you first focus on the Army in the Indian Armed Forces, then within the Army, it is called one of the arms. There are different verticals and then there is one Infantry. We have many regiments in Infantry, Punjab Regiment, Sikh Regiment, Dogra Regiment, Jat Regiment, Rajput Regiment, Mahar Regiment, Maratha Regiment. Your Gurkhas are from Jammu and Kashmir, Kumaon Regiment is not going to increase GK here in Ghadwal, but I am going to tell you that we have different types from all over India, they are grouped and eat together, get up and sit together, fight together and that All of them come from a particular end, the officers who command them, who are their officers, they are officer level people, they can be anyone, they can come from anywhere, their training is done from different places.  They can belong to any place, can be of any religion because the religion and culture of the officer is the same as that of his jawan. This is an unwritten policy in the armed forces. The officer will have to follow and that is the same.  Our armed forces have a rich tradition and the common people do not have that much knowledge. Now that we have adopted the Agniveer system, we cannot recruit people in that ratio because there are regimental centers for each regiment.  There are regimental centers at different places, there was a system of their recruitment that if they want to be recruited then they will have to come to Haryana, this belt means such people will come from Churu Sikar, Rajasthan and such people will come from Punjab.  They would come from Uttarakhand like this and then they would collect them and put them through the selection process and then they would be trained and then they would go to those regiments. Now that system is being questioned because now you  Can't supply like this because in 4 years, not that many people are ready to go, so now mix and match will start coming in those regiments. This mix and match exists in Air Force and Navy. There are very technical forces, there are very technical forces, there are technical forces.  There is no issue because in the Indian Air Force, his equivalent of Jawan Airman is doing very technical work, he is not directly facing bullets on the border like the Army.  It fights, it is not fighting like that and it is a different force, it is different from the Navy, I do not want to complicate it too much by explaining it, I want to focus more on the Army itself, what is wrong with it is that the armed forces, our army, fight.  She fights for the name, salt and mark, first of all is the name, first of all is your name, your grandfather's name, your father's name, the name of your regiment, whatever name or your identity people will say, fight for the country, for the country, for the country.  country's country's country  There is a country, there is motherland, Mother India, Mother India, there is all this before that, because there is a healthy competition in the armed forces too, that if your unit gets the first chance to capture this hill, then it is very big for you.  It is a matter of pride that you have been chosen and each of your regiments has a lot of history which goes back even before independence, where every regiment shows its pride and tells that this regiment has won so many Paramveer Chakras. Mahavir Chakra has been won, whatever awards we give, whatever bravery awards we give, there is a history of a regiment, there is a history of a platoon and that is when you put a four year old soldier in him, out of which only one out of four will be trusted. So they are not able to come to the bonding at young stage age, they don't even know that they will be there, there is brotherhood in the troops that they talk to each other and keep it all cohesive because look you go to America on that. This is not the case in America, the kind of system we have, there is so much difference in the food, can you tell me that the Jats of the Jat Regiment will eat the same kind of food as those of the Madras Arrangement, okay, how many people will the food be prepared for?  It will be prepared accordingly because food is a very important thing, the army moves on it's stomach and on top of that, then culture, then your gods, the way of worshiping God, everyone says God, everyone has the same thing and that.  There is goodwill and all that is very amazing in our armed forces, but still the culture. Now if you mix all the festivals and celebrate them then the work also makes a difference. These are the things which the people of Gujarat decide.  Don't know the thing, there should be fights in Gujarat, never historic, never ever, now they have decided, now people like us from Haryana are crying, they understood because whenever you talk, people are made about money. Freedom has come at a great cost. Freedom has been achieved with great difficulty. Even after many years, there is a cost to protect it. Well, the people of Gurgaon must know that you pay maintenance charges on this society. What attacks are coming on your society?  You have given so much money for 12 122 Hajj, I am asking, those who live in condos have to save a lot of money, when you buy these electoral bonds and give them to political parties.  Take the Electoral Bund, take this also, the Arm Forces Bund, you have to grind it, tell me, our India is not the country, it is not a grind, we cannot give it for 15 years, we can give it for 20 years, it could have been seen positively in a very different way, pension.  To become a graduate, one has to be engaged in the Indian Air Force for 20 years, one has to stay for 20 years in the Army, one has to make 15 out of 15, if now  Also your Mahendra Singh Dhoni is hitting sixes in the last over, he is turning 43 years old, so brother, why are you retiring this young man, how old has he become in 33 years, even top level athletes and sports persons are working.  So no no, it requires fitness. Yes, I know, but it requires more fitness than a top level athlete and if you ca n't maintain it, if you can't, then take him out and keep the test because Mahendra Singh Dhone's fitness is his.  It comes from within that I have to stay fit, I have to play, but in the Armed Forces, fitness is insured for you. To stay fit in this organization, you have to get up every day and do physical training and you have to do parades and whatever training you have to do.  Why do they enter in this way to save money, so much money has to be saved everywhere and then what will happen after saving money, we will become America and money cannot come from anywhere, it is a very wrong thing, wrong for the country, its consequences 10  You will know in 15 years when the next fight will take place against your adversary on the West Side. On such a record of our country, people say that we will kill them, we will eat onions, we will eat onions, we will also make bombs, this is what they said, their leader has said, those people  They say there is nothing in the name of money, but the next person says that we will drink the water and you are identifying us by Y P, one on the left, this on the right, see China, that, what is the meaning of his one party?  forest thinking and what else  That is that and on top of that, you will raise this four year old Agniveer here, hey, will the value of training for brother be done for three to four years? Is Rafale a plane worth Rs 1500 crore? Beyond that, if I employ a child to service it.  For this, its training is one and a half to two years, so inside that Rafale there is radar, engine, air frame, armament, do you know how much training has to be given to the ship to do that and for continuity.  For this, Maruti's Alt is being serviced in two-three years and the Jamura came, I thought, let's go, you are fine, you are bad, you are broken, you are breaking down so openly, see what happens to the armed forces.  The thing is, either those who are serving at their top will speak, they cannot speak because they are working, those who are retired, they are joining political parties and doing everything, they want to become ministers and they are not willing to accept the greed of becoming ministers. If you open your mouth, who will open your mouth? How do you know? How are you telling me? How is this all this nonsense? When will you know whether the preparations for the match were good or not? What I am saying is right, no, there will be a war in 2035.  Then you will know, till then you will have to wait, you are not able to understand this thing and I am telling this to the opposition, I am not able to understand what I am understanding, there is no one to tell you that no filter is found, this is what we have asked.  this is good for them  If it is not then please explain why it is not right. Tell me. It is not right to come and say it directly. If we were to oppose, then the public sitting there would never understand it. She would say that this is an opposition. She has to speak everywhere, isn't she a heavy hearted person?  I have to do dash, this is what I have to do in khati mein ok so they wo n't take you seriously because you can't come a convention teach them because what is in our country  It is difficult to explain, it is easy to amuse, it is easy to fool. All Agniveer are doing the same. Let's discuss the defense of the country. Let's not discuss whether it is right for the boy. No, it is right for him. He will do something, that too is necessary.  But there will be unemployment. First of all, Arm Forces is not a source of employment. Arm Forces is not employment, it is a calling as the top leader said.  Was it not when you said about Ganga, Mother Ganga has called me, I have not come, such dialogues sound good, so brother, what are the armed forces, they are called, they do not come, this is a calling, this is a service to human life. Can't measure that they will pay so much money, this is not the job of security guard and unfortunately what is told to them after this that we will employ them in paramilitary, they employ them here and there, they think Indian Arm Forces Indian Army Aims for.  Killing you shoot shooting the enemy that is the training you want to put them in other services where they shoot at the feet throw tear gas brother you have put killer instinct in the soul of that guy either say it is ours we are not putting that in So security guards are creating baton bearers, either say this or claim this, no, our training is good, Agniveer is also an equal fighter, so brother he is.  He is a fighter, he is a train to kill the enemy, he is peacekeeping, this is policing inside his home and this is not for this kind of thing, he is not for throwing tear gas shells, he throws grenades, then he is not in tear gas shells.  It will be adjusted and what belongs to them and what they say is their turf, we who are their rights and the rest where the claim is made will also be adjusted. They do not want these people to come, they also do not want everyone's own in India.  Turf is there, we are the best, we are the best, whatever organization everyone says like this and and there should be some competition in the country and it does happen and it is okay too, I am not against it, everyone says their own thing, I am good in the armed forces also.  It would have been ours that we would have blown this one up, we would have done it like this, we would have killed like this, everyone has competition, it is a healthy competition, it is a good thing, it is okay and the Air Force did not need an 18 year old.  The child is coming in 38 years, he has to repair the plane, then when he grows old, he is fired, then we keep him for another 57 years, in the Air Force, he is retiring in 55, 57, 54 years, you have to increase his engagement by 20 to 30 years.  Do tax, don't give pension, the cry is coming out on the pension, is n't the public's cry coming out on the pension, it could have been sorted out in a different way but no one had that much brain.  Did you put it in four years, make it four years, make it two in four years, that means that joke is going on, Nabhi, the joke is going on in Haryana, Pahara family has retired, which family is this in half a year, the joke is going on that someone seems to be a little below the belt type.  There are many times that one should not talk about families like this, but do not make fun of them like this, you tell me this, some man is saying that here you get a chance for the third time in 73 years, before that give three more chances somewhere else and here you can retire in four years.  Two  Why don't they give them a chance? Now people will treat my caste color creed and not mine like that, but the fact is that brother, listen, our people are bullet eaters, I talk about the history of historic Haryana, but our population is not in the armed forces of Haryana. Representation was more than 10 and will continue, I don't know. Okay, go to the officer level and see and after martyrdom, I am not demeaning my brother from any other country anywhere here, but tell me.  If I am a topper student, then go and check. Check the names of all the members of this sacrifice group of yours who are Para SF in the last five years and in the last 10 years. We have made it easier for them to come to our village when we are there.  He comes as a martyr, does n't it come to the Haryana villages and check or what does it come from, the subject of pain is too much and then you will not understand, then you will say that you are sitting on the road, there is pain everywhere, then  By protesting, reservation is not like that, you cannot join the army like that, farming is not like that, there is no job, but Anam has brought in migration, my state has been kept in Haryana and Agniveer has also been closed here, you will not raise the issue in the elections.  So even if you wake up, you will have to answer, what's the problem, friend, he is a common citizen of S country, I want my best man to fight the enemy, I don't care which province he belongs to. Which caste does he belong to, which religion does he belong to, I want the best there, I do n't want compromise, I don't want the man who comes here with the spirit of a job, the one who comes here with the spirit of service and who can kill the enemy, who has the spirit, who has  There is chaos in which there is aggression in which there is arrogance. I want the best man and this machine. The machine and these machines are doing this. The machine does not win battles. Brothers and sisters, the people of Gujarat do not know this because it is the industrialist who works with the machine. It is the  Man Behind the Machine and Will Win the War for You If the work had been done with machines then this Russia would have finished it, we are also sitting with the machines of Russia, etc. Tell us, look at the condition of Ukraine, Ukraine is defending the motherland, JSP Russia.  Couldn't do it, see, these times are coming like this, we have to save some institutions from failing, we have to save them from becoming political, by meddling one after the other, things are like this.  The institutions that stood up after independence, all of them, all of them have entered into the fray, and they too have been defeated. According to me, the law should be passed. The people of the armed forces, who are the top leadership, should retire within 15 days.  You cannot join a political party for a year, now you will say that you are retired at 60 or 62, so don't come for senior pension till 77 years, if you want to live till 90 years, then 13 years.  Do service and serve. Kife has said that service is to all those who retire, I request them with folded hands, with great respect, you must have licked the feet of the political party of service, you should serve yourself, not your soldiers.  Do service, make an NGO, make an institution for them, you have to do vote bank politics for them, become their leader, where you retire, you go and join this political party, you get some help.  A governor makes you a governor, sometimes he makes you a left and right ambassador, at some places you get an MP from an MP, then they use you and throw you away like a piece of gold, and the rest of the people, whom you had commanded, came here doing just that.  They had come wide open, they look like this, friend, this one also went, this one also went, this is good, that's why he was not speaking for us at that time, because he had to go to this party after two years, how much of a despite and how dirty he was. Politicization of armed forces is going on, this is not right for our country, brothers and sisters. It is not at all right for politics to enter everything, to enter everywhere. This is where the armed forces were kept. The cantonment is a little far away because you are doing this.  Understand, whenever something fails in the country, when the country means everything, then it is said that call the armed forces, they are the last man standing, sometimes the police fails somewhere, the entire law and order fails.  The traveler goes and then he says, I am the military, why is everyone afraid of the military because it is faceless, I know it is above caste and religion and if the bullet is fired, it will be the real one and will kill, that is why everyone is afraid because everyone else becomes straight, tell me the same thing.  Troubles are also taking place at the same place, some rights are being taken at some places, some are happening because they are not being controlled, if the military comes from someone, then it is in their power that everything happens like this, we have to stop that thing.  We have to save something, we have to save that thing in the country, if that thing is not saved, then what if we are going into reverse care, whatever things were right for us, which were going well, what was good, we are ruining that also.  In the short term, brothers and sisters, in the matter of votes and politics, no one is going to speak openly because everyone has some greed or some fear, two things are fear and greed, greed and fear, the world is created by greed and fear.  There is control, this is also a fact, but can we common citizens say to our politicians that dear, leave them, leave them, this is your special child, not in others, it means in good sense, it is okay that all this. They are different people, we are the last man standing above all these things, when the whole country even sings their songs, when the country calls, you see them, look carefully, understand that when they will come, when their  If there is a requirement, everything else has been tried and failed, so we are treating them like this. You will have to spend water, brother, if you have bought a car, you will have to pay for its maintenance, you will have to put petrol in it, if you will have to give insurance, then if there are armed forces, then brother, the country has armed forces.  Let them say that you will have to follow them because if they are there and they are standing then everything is going on, they will not give you money in their wallet. Like others, in our country all the work should be done well, we are standing for it and if we are standing then there should be a proper system, this four year system is very very bad because it hurts the pride, the armed forces, the soldiers and all.  They are fighting for the honor of the platoon and I am telling you another secret, this was done so that if a soldier of that regiment is standing there and he shows cowardice, then for some reason he is fighting on his feet.  If something goes wrong and he turns his back, then his brother, who has come from the same village, caste, religion and region as him, will go to the house and tell so and so that his son was saved because of that fear. That my name should not be tarnished, you came here and basically thought that this is British or this thing was understood by British, you don't understand that this is the pressure of this thing, it is very easy to say that it is for India for India but when they  The bullet is being fired on the forehead, isn't it?  And this is going Shik Shik Shik Then only Apna Kise Kiye To Uke Bera Ho Gujarati Ne To Na Bera Ki Why A Person Fights And Gives Up His Life Very Easy To Tell Yes Bharat Mata To Hai I am not refusing Late is too  Much other emotions at play and we are meddling with those emotions and this channel is for people with some IQ Ye trolls mat aa jana kam IQ wale sare jinne kuch bera  Not only this, what am I trying to tell you, you will fight for the name of your forefather, the country changes its boundaries 5 thousand times in 15,000 years, those who fight for the name of their ancestors, I hope I have been able to explain, if not a little, then I will explain more openly because now the batting is happening openly, time is going on like this, everyone should speak openly, it is okay, if no one is left then they will also tell why this is bad.  Why is it bad? It is playing with emotions and forces are an emotion. You don't medal with the emotions in the name of money. It is okay and if you are not taking money then the government said, I want to drink water, save taxes and increase the price of petrol.  The era of illusion is going on, it will take a little more, it will take a little more. You will be pained to know this, brothers and sisters, that our brothers and sisters of the armed forces are losing their insurance.  They pay the money themselves, do the work of dying and the money they get from that death, they themselves give insurance because in our country there is no one to insure the armed forces, there is no one to do health insurance, it is written that you are not working.  And doing true job, you people know this thing, you people know this thing, you people know this thing, you say no, no, they have a military hospital, brother, they are in trouble like this, oh brother, one of our soldiers should go somewhere.  If he meets with an accident, will he get it in that military hospital within 5 kms? Will he get it in three kilometers? He will have to get his treatment out of his own pocket. He does not have insurance. He does not have health insurance. How will he get it? If he has to get treatment, is there any provision for him?  Will the provision and how to get that also go and check why can't a military person take health insurance if it is very very very very much and something else, there is a lot of pain behind it, it is very easy to say, hey so  You can get cheap liquor in the canteen, along with it you are also suffering from Arthritis, there is some problem in your waist and then some day when you have to listen to the whole thing, if the country is ready to listen then we will tell you because poor people are there.  They ca n't speak, we are like us, we have Guruji, we all know that consultation is happening everywhere, I am a social observer, I see everything of every section, who has what pain, who is the funder.  Who is a hypocrite, who is the earth, who is having fun, who is really lagging behind, who is opening his/her mouth for whom and who is not, and what is happening to whom, commission on Eth is not coming, if it is to come sometime then please tell me sometime.  If he wants to come then he will not come, it is forbidden in the heart, he will not come and brothers and sisters, those who have done Agniveer too, then it is not right, so are you in front of them, I will eat them, so you have made this policy against them.  Stop this against me, stop this and one more thing today I am telling you today through this video I have a claim that my Agniveer scheme will be closed, if not today, if not tomorrow, if not the day after tomorrow, then the day after tomorrow, I will do it, because understanding will come from somewhere. Because Vajpayee ji used to say that there will be elections, parties will come and go, the country should remain, so when it comes to the country, wisdom will also come but someone should be there to explain, it is better than love, sometimes ego becomes too much.  If you had taken a decision then you would have said that if I have to take it, then I am weak. Yes, the country is bigger than your ego. Okay, if I have to take it, I have to take it and no one has to make me naked. Logically please come and understand and my request is arm.  I also know how to give my presentation to some extent. This slide shows the things I have said in the slide. Ishna asked whether you can give it or not. This is the money you have to save. You have to save all the money, how much?  You will save a lot, that's a lot, that's a lot, they do n't stop the pension of MP and MLA, they do elections again and again, one day MLA wins his life long pension and you select MLA for one day, just now this is the election of one MP.  Someone is fighting in Haryana, then their MLA's vacancy will become vacant, he makes it, he gives it, do you know how many MPs and MLAs they have and how much is their fee? Don't know whose pension is open, then close yours. No Agniveer Bandh  Do yours, 73 years, 78 years, 85 years, give us a chance, give us a chance to serve, and 2e sane, retire me, wa bahu kitne la hua hain x Agniveer, we can't take it lightly, this is a very serious thing which I want to  Tell Through My Audience and You Have to Spread This Video It's Your Responsibility Because These Youngsters These Boys  When they come out at four years they are very trade skilled people with this facility we cannot afford to lose them to left right things also that is also a danger because if you don't provide them something than they are father and they are right by the Best Okay So That's Also Possible I'm Not Say Every Buddy Goes This Thing But As a country we have to be very very careful, I trained a boy for four years, after that he doesn't know anything now, so can he get brainwashed, can someone else get him brainwashed, so that is a topic of discussion for definitely  That where do we utilize their skills and how do we utilize and there are as many corporate houses and the rest are parties with an electoral base of Rs 135 crore 1 crore.  She gives 200 crores 300 crores to these parties. Brother, you take care of them, take care that they will be the best employee because if this scheme is not changed then it is the job of the people of the society like us to settle them well by doing publicity for them.  Do it and I will also try from my side that if you are Agniveer and you are retiring and you are not able to understand, then if in my capacity I can do 500 Hajj.  2000 or how many because I also have a circle, I have subscribers, I have people, so I will do as much as I can, whenever your time comes, I will do the best for the people and this is our society which needs it very much, we cannot treat them like security guards. Are the best? Don't pick them up, give them a job of security guard for 15 years. Don't make the mistake of thinking like this because if you do it then that security will also be like a security guard.  You will find people who sit at the border and a madam shouts in the society, yes madam, go and see the viral video of Noida society. Madam comes after drinking alcohol and is shouting at one o'clock in the night. If it is okay to shake the security card, then understand it.  This difference is fine even by mistake, you people do not understand that thing and the educated class is the intellectual class of the society, please discuss, group, discuss everywhere, we have To have a big discussion because this is not the point of discussion. You debate on TV. The person sitting for does not know where he is. The person sitting against does not know. Pick up any figure and remove any figure. If this thing is implemented then the country will benefit.  10 Lakh, 12 Lakh, 15 Lakh Crore, these 10 Lakh, 12 Lakh, 15 Lakh Crore, they just say in any matter, ' Brother, it will cost so much.' Divide it by 150 crores, does anyone have the figure, you are going to become the third world economy, why are you saying, I am also the same, okay, we three will become the third world economy, then the third world economy will be so bad.  The situation is that our arm forces are not visible properly, the ratio of the budget is going like this, increase the budget again, increase the budget again, who told you not to make it a little bigger, then education and health, what flags have you shown in education?  They have buried it, tell me at which place they have buried it, they have buried it inside the infrastructure, they have buried it for the infrastructure, I will tell you the truth about that too someday, then it happens, then if you start telling too much, then you talk too much or do negative things.  All those bunds have been created by taking loans. Which one you have created by earning from your own pocket? Right, Freedom will come at a cost. The country has to be ready to pay the price as you are in your society. There is a lot of emphasis on maintenance charges, but it has to be paid, is n't it? Similarly, here also you will have to pay, if you want then it is fine and you will have to pay and it will have to be discussed and I have ideas and many more.  I know people and intellectuals who have such ideas that even without increasing the pension budget, we can make Agniveer in a better form than the present one, so please listen to people like us, please listen to us.  Well, we have people who will explain all these things that if your pension bill is coming at ₹ 1, then how can we reduce all this while instead of paying ₹ 100, 110, 120 and so on.  This should be removed from Air Force and Navy with immediate effect. Agni Var Ski It is very lean and mean. There are not so many people in Air Force and Navy. You can count.  Try it, if he is 110th from the Army, then he is not that much, he should not be there at all, because he is losing more money than profit because you are not able to give him training on that ship worth Rs. 1500 thousand crores, then why not give him a year.  You ask what are you getting done, what are you doing, then you are giving him the salary, train him from the first day, as soon as his initial training is done, say brother, you will see this radar, you will see this plane, you will see these missiles. You will see, this is a ship, this is a worship ship, all of them are marines, you will go here and by the time itself, after four years of service, he has become a very good warrior, technical warrior or whatever warrior you want to name him. Call it the war fighting potential of the fleet or whatever organization it is, be it Air Force or Navy, it has become a huge backbone of it, if not for years, then just like that.  He is roaming around and then he comes and says, okay, you got selected, come, you are one out of four, go today, now your what is this, so there are experts sitting on this thing, I don't know, they are not getting the platform, if they don't want the platform, then come.  Will give the platform to discuss because of new channel? If not, then if you are an expert in all these things then you can write in the comment section, I will reach out to you and bring the same specifics again.  You will say, yes, we are like this, I have this expertise and I have this and we will do it with that, why not, these videos of mine are watched at a big level, I know the channel is small, so what has happened, it is visible only after two to three months.  If it comes then please share it. Thank you.