Hello friends, today we will discuss and try to get clarity on Air Quality Index City Life because you have an idea about Air Quality Index, Delhi NCR is very bad and there is a lot of noise about it, so we will discuss beyond this because the noise is bad. This is a phenomenon of every year, let's discuss something else, okay, we recently saw a video in Punjab in which a government employee is being held and is being set on fire. If you have seen it, please type.  yes there  This is an inner fear factor for the cities, for the city life, for the rich people. The way Hindi movies were made and our country was so intoxicated that you can't even breathe. Delhi is being targeted more in this. While breathing is not being taken even where it is burning, breathing is not being taken even in Rohtak, not being taken even in Fatehabad, not being taken even in Jind and those of your Punjab from Barnala to Sangrur. Take the names of all the districts and Greater Noida of all the places is most affected, then it has come to Delhi like people from outside Rajasthan MP or any other South Indian, it is in Delhi only, yes, it is affected in Delhi, that is why.  It creates a lot of noise because the Prime Minister, President, Supreme Court lawyers, all the MPs, powerful people, rich people, business people, media houses, all are here and then that Chutku Party is here, the Chutku Party used to say that we will do it right.  Now we will give, their party has come there, Chutku party has come in Punjab, you people have done it right, so it is okay to do it right, it is not like that two or three things are additional in this month and it becomes the La-Palooza effect.  Wind does not move, pressure gradient happens differently, everything gets stuck and stubble gets burnt, plus then crackers come, now this debate will come on Diwali also, now they will say, a section will say, oh when our Diwali comes, then crackers should not be burst.  give our  In the name of so much fire, so many firecrackers, how much will you do? Well, it is a thing in India that if something gets ruined or kept dirty, then it is like that, if we spit paan and make it dirty, then it is so bad that it is already kept on some wall.  If this is the situation then I will tell you and spit and how dirty it will be, it is already dirty, we don't do clean things there, this is our problem, now we can't do anything about the pressure grade, yes that cloud is stuck, yes that but brother.  Your construction activities which are grab for norms, we will have to do that activity every time, we have built highways etc. all around, tried to control the traffic, made Kundli Mane Sir Palan, made Eastern Expressway, traffic does not stop and now even odd-even.  We will do it, the vehicles used to run always before, now those plants which provide 11000 mega watt electricity are coal based around 200 in Delhi.  300 kilometers is also a lot for them, there is pollution from them in summer too, it is our moment, we have to consider this thing as a disaster as if flood has come, what can we do now, flood has come, it has come because this is the raita we are spreading. Yes, he is already contributing to it, but the stubble tax that is being denied to the farmers should be stopped. Now who has told the farmers that who decides the time between crops? Till date no one has told this thing, who has explained it?  It is said that the crop will be harvested at this time, sow it at this time and not harvest before that, or why don't they give 20 days leave in this, why are they panicking about harvesting early, this too is done by the government, the government has decided, or the government never came.  Will tell you, there will be many of you who don't know this. Now come and tell me, try everything and I am the All Powerful Mighty My Father who does not have much knowledge by coming against the government. Spreader and this is not just one, it is the rule of all the governments, check it by melting, these purifiers show helplessness, many people have these purifiers installed in their homes, rich people, powerful people, position people, it is difficult to go out but go home.  Inside, their air quality index is only 40, PM 2.5 is only 30, so maybe they check theirs every year, rest of the people might be running away to Goa, some might be going somewhere else.  It happens but this is negative but what I am trying to give is the clarity perspective. I am trying to give that the requirement of the people who live in the city is always that yes friend, I should go alone, stay for a few days, go to a quiet place, decision.  Making a small place but that place is liked only as a tourist brother, whenever you go there for a few days because any good thing is there, today I am going to give so much clarity to the people because in real estate  You also know that I am very passionate about doing research about real estate and spreading my knowledge about it to the people. If there is a good place in India, everyone will like it and then everyone will go and if it is not good then there is no good place in it.  There is nothing good anywhere in India, no, it is good, then tell me the address, two years ' time, then ask, tell me which is the good place. 25 years ago, Gurgaon, which was outside for the people of Delhi, was a very quiet and good place.  agreed  I used to go to Palam Vihar, it was a colony, people used to come, the rates were big, now see what is Palam friend or any other place, everywhere is packed, packed, packed, packed, packed, your Mussoorie, Nainital, Shimla, tell me what is the condition, tell me any other place where once  Once you reach there, build a road which is a good place and till now humans have not reached here because perhaps this road has not been built yet, once you build it, you will reach here also. The people of small towns are people of small places, they are unappreciated.  They give to the cities and are very happy coming to the cities despite the pollution because they get employment opportunity, they get electricity, what is electricity and what is its continuity, when they come to big cities, people come to know about the water supply. Variety Clothing Entertainment Gadgets Accessibility to Education Health Care Now people living in big cities have taken these things for granted. Before crying, brother.  Everything is not available even in New York and in the cities of Australia, there are fires there too, there is pollution, at some places there are tornadoes, at some places there are cyclones, there is problem of date in every month of the year, take any name of the world which  Images come to us of Canadian cities and US cities, the vehicles have to go at a distance of 5 minutes, 10 minutes, you cannot take the vehicle out, if someone has a heart attack, it will take one and a half hour to remove the snow.  I am telling you a practical thing, four is good, somewhere the breath is good, somewhere else is it good, in India you have taken out the car, you have not removed the snow, it has gone in reverse, and there the car is slipping on the road, so here I am telling someone about it.  He is not giving it, I am speaking here on the exit route, my work remains the same, there is only one level of crying, to stop it, this thing is probably not in our control, so tell me one thing, where the Chief lives, things are fine.  This should happen where the President resides, where everything is in the hands of the Supreme Court. Anyone can file a PIL, do something, stop it, and the Supreme Court immediately comes, now they think that the government should take care of it.  If there is no cure, then brother, you got the school holidays done, you did a very good job, do the school from home, do the office from home as well. Brother, tell me, the country is not in our control. When we can't breathe here, then there is only one person who can go out.  nickel bread  If you want to earn a living, he will do it, but rest of you think about it, this Covid type work is done, you stay in your house, just not as strictly as it was at that time, assuming the same and doing everything but you can stay at home because we have failed.  In doing what ever duties have become its failure of government, if the state is the government, then the center can make its own rules, but what is the point of politics, the center is there, it is good, I am not able to breathe. Yes, it was not coming even before Sheila Dikshit's government, when the buses used to run, then they did CNG, earlier this one QI was nothing, earlier one QI was like this, if the face is black then one QI is bad, that.  Was the one QI, there was a time like this, at that time it would have been only 900, which nowadays we get torn between 400, 500, it would have crossed it at that time because you used to go on a motorcycle. So the mouth used to be visible when the motorcyclists used to go, the helmet glass was also completely black, the mouth was also black below that. You people must have seen the old times in Delhi and so many factories and this was a lot. It turned out to be a period of 25 years.  There has been a lot of improvement, but after that improvement, this is the situation that happened and there is still a lot of scope for improvement, let alone the vehicles. Now what is the point that this situation is because of the vehicles.  No, the circumstances are also very natural but now we can reduce what is in our hands. Is it a lot of fun to burst crackers on Diwali? I know, there should be freedom and it should be repeated again and again in any festival or religion.  And linking with it is also not a very good thing, according to me there should be a lot of firecrackers, there should be green firecrackers, burn a lot, make the light white and be happy, although it has nothing to do with Diwali and the festival of Diwali and religion. Actually, it has nothing to do with sentiment and that thing because when Ram ji came, there were few firecrackers. When Ram ji actually came to Ayodhya, only lamps were lit and there were no lights, but still I am not against firecrackers.  I mean, if there is happiness, then people play it in happiness, it is okay, it should be played, even if India wins the match, it should be played, but friend, which one should be played?  Now see, can there be anything there, can there be a limit beyond that or can there be something like that, run one or two in the name of Shraddha, run five in the name of Shagan, can there be any self control because  What happens to many people, what happens to many people when a man says no, ban something, then it becomes more fun, for some people this is also a big problem, according to the rules, this should not happen, I am not able to breathe from inside the full shower. They are coming out, those black ones  The ones with lead and which oxide, nitrogen, sulfur dioxide and I don't know in English, Barium, Varium, all the chemicals, I will not take a chemistry class, but things are bad, either those you call green crackers are expensive or their whispering sound is fun.  I don't know about them, it's okay, the colors don't come out, either you apply them or you reduce them, it's okay, but if you try to ban it too much, then people will play around with it by saying that you have done it to us, we don't do it like this.  We don't do it like this, oh brother, what to do now, this is the time when the air quality has to be like this, the wind has to be like this and all the things have to be like this, so there is a lot of it in this.  Telling someone that this is everyone's failure can be one approach, the government should say, the other can be that do whatever is in your power, brother, don't call me to the office, let me work from home, give children school holidays, be your own.  And yes, one month at a time  Look, this stubble lasts for 15 days, 20 days, isn't it, when it is 1015 days, it is a big terror, this thing is fine, even after that, it does not mean that it will be completely cured, but it will not be so bad, so this problem is of 15 to 30 days, but  We have to see whether it is such a problem that so many memes are created here because the rest of the activities are happening here, you cannot go and duplicate them anywhere else, but what is the point of this?  It is possible that you can go down in the happiness index by causing trouble to your own life, this is bad, that is bad, everything is bad because everyone has the choice, brother, if not you are enjoying here then you go and then this population. Brother, why is the population of Delhi increasing? Why is the population of Gurgaon increasing? Why is the population of Noida increasing? This is a useless place, you ca n't breathe, everything else is fine, you can't breathe, only here you can breathe.  If it doesn't come, then why are people coming, why don't they stay in the chamber, where they were born, this is also a matter of thinking and where it is being burnt, then what can we say about Switzerland, has it become the farmer you tell me about?  The fire of stubble did such a thing here and it burnt it there, nothing is happening in the environment there, nothing is happening at all, yes, nothing is happening, he thought, oh brother, there is no air there either. Such  Same thing is happening there too and all the farmers do not sit for a day, sometimes someone is harvesting the crop, sometimes someone is harvesting it, sometimes someone else is harvesting it. If you go and see in the village, 20 of them used to go, what do they say, in Haryana, they are defeated and move on.  These are going on, they are going on incidentally in the streets and everywhere else, I believe these coal vendors who make tandoori rotis must have stopped by now, otherwise people are also burning garbage and this waste burning.  The government itself is saying that these big destroyers should do something else, the contribution of pollution from everything is at 3 4 5 6 7 8, 100% pollution happens, it is okay, then later it may be more due to environmental factors.  The stubble is contributing late but the stubble will only do it for 15 days brother, what will happen after that then all the things which are called your roads. That if you vacuum clean four times, then the pollution will be reduced by doing something like this, but why don't you do it? There are no vehicles, why don't they do it? If the state government creates an uproar once, then why don't you speak to them before voting for them? Why don't some corporation or some place come and ask why don't you people fix your micro environment? Suppose the government is sleeping, then will we do anything of our own? Not the government, sir, this is not what the government is doing brother, it is not the intention of the government. Every person can do this by pouring water over the trees and sprinkling water around his house and if every person does a little bit, it will make a big difference. If you sprinkle some water on the trees in front of your house, then that  All the dust and soil comes down under them and they breathe, first once the trees breathe, then they will breathe to you because the situation becomes such that if you look at the trees and leaves, they become in bad condition and then your road will be in a bad condition. put water on it a little beyond that vacuum  If you do the cleaning, then all these things are in your hands, this one is also not doing that, because what is the point, blame Diwali, blame the firecrackers, blame the stubble, 20 days pass, what is the need to work because the rest  If you control the contributing factors of work, it will make a difference, but it involves hard work and money, so just vent out all your anger there. Farmer says, brother, I also have to earn my money, I too have to buy my mobile phone.  Come, will these people of the city buy me too to do all the work? Well, it is okay where it is, and it is okay to catch a government employee and do it like this. From inside also comes that friend, what is this, we will take discipline, we will do it.  They will mean it from inside and you see inside the video, you came to extinguish the fire with your hand, just think mindset, how much irritation is there from inside, otherwise you recorded it too, just imagine, brother, you do the scandal quietly.  That poor guy, just like me, I was feeling so much for that government apple. Had I been anyone else, the poor guy would have cried. It was that bad scene to see and still I do n't know what the government will do and we all should.  Follow that because, if this is the status of the government people, then what is there to do by going, I have already beaten the government employees by making them sit, come and you will set fire to them. It must have fallen too much, it's fine like this and it's very sad, it's fine, but what politics is involved in it because it is a one party government, you tell him, he will say something, he will say this and then people also know.  The person who is doing this and is so arrogant also knows that he will uproot me, okay, we are the vote bank, it is our government, the day the morale of the government employees becomes low, then do it like this. Lena ane ye that scene it itself is a scene of why we are in this state and mes understand ts we started the video with that and I am ending the video with this that this is the reason that state that of that thing which is the state which This is the main area in which we have entered the situation and in this, oh do it like this, do it that way, when others were sitting there, even the law was back, they had made it so easy.  If it is a little, then until the public does not speak, the public will not control the public and everything will be left to the politicians and the government, this will be the situation and the day the public will take it upon themselves, I will say who was talking nonsense, who was doing what nonsense.  This is happening and there is an uproar over it, then those people will know what should be done and what should not be done. That is the message so you should all spread this and try to raise the issue and do  What ever is in your hand Little bit that little bit that sprinkling two buckets of water every day around your micro environment will make a lot of difference sprinkling two to three buckets of water every day around your micro environment will make a lot of difference Planting trees around you will make a difference Try not to go out Try not to burst too many crackers I am very against  Stopping firecrackers is something I am against too, my friend, don't ban it, but tell yourself not to do it, because what happens when you ban it, many people become like this from within, if you have banned it, I will definitely use it.  There should be control among ourselves or after a little shagana, if you find a green cracker then put it on yours, it's okay, it's a festival, I also know that there are sentiments, although it has nothing to do with it. Because I am an astrologer also but disappointed, I am saying that I am happy that you want to do it. It has been historic ever since the country got independence. We remember from our childhood that firecrackers were not burst 500 years ago on Diwali, nor were they burst 400 years ago.  But let's ring it now, no problem, if you want to celebrate then do it in the name of Sagan, reduce it, do it with a joint, do it with a green cracker and if you can't breathe at all  Well, I do n't feel like eating because this is the air, I don't even feel like eating, and for people like me, we have to eat during the festival. It's okay that the festival is coming, so we will eat 10 types of sweets and 15 types of dishes.  If you eat, then I am saying that friend, find happiness even in getting a little food, then it is okay, but if you eat too much, it is Diwali of 12th on 10th and 11th, then breathing is getting disturbed on 10th and 11th.  If you agree, brother, be a little careful, this is my request to all the athletes to listen to me, how did you guys like the video, please share, thank you very much.