Hello friends, today we will discuss Airlines and the Crisis in the month of January, which is what you saw recently, we will discuss this topic, I discuss from Higher Order Thinking, you are my subscribers who listen, what can you do in it and what can you learn. You have seen that recently a report came that a passenger of an airline was jumping and killing him, so that news has been made, you all know about it, so here I am neither defending the airline nor him.  I am neither defending nor accusing anyone, I am trying to give some information about how things are happening through this video, it is being played out according to aviation and now let's see that.  What can you do, I will suggest from my side what you can do, then you tell me whether it is a right thing or a wrong thing. At the time of Covid, we all were helpless, all the shops were closed, which means everyone of life came to their homes.  And life still went on, good and bad.  It went on as it went on, now suddenly many times have passed, we again take the things of nature for granted, without realizing that what is this fog, it means that the car is not moving, a little distance is needed even to move on the highway, there is a plane here. Talking about delay is something called RVR, the distance I should see on the runway is approximately 75 meters for landing and 125 meters for take off. The center line is  etc. but there is CAT in it, this is I will not get too technical but I would like to tell that this is happening because this is airlines, airport, management, in a way the truth is not being told, ideally speaking, know, there is fog.  So flights should be canceled and rescheduled or reduced. Ideally speaking, you also want to take the 5 o'clock flight only because the tickets are less. So you want to go at 11 o'clock or 12 o'clock, why don't you take the flight, it is expensive, it is a convenient time or why don't you go in the evening because you will have to stay in a hotel there, then understand that people also save money somewhere.  If the airlines want to do that then they are keeping all the things inside the airport, called terminals, where people sit, then there will be a lot of crowd, that is one second thing is that when the passengers security.  After checking, they sit inside and the plane closes the doors, he says no, the captain says close all the doors, then he can ask permission from ATC and come to the queue, now as soon as the visibility improves, a little sunlight comes out, then knock knock knock.  Now many times what happens is that 50, 60, 100 people get stuck in the plane line, as if the vehicles do not stop in front of the toll tax, then if you people are not allowed to sit in it and you  If you are sitting at the terminal, then the flight is bound to get delayed and longer because the door which will be closed which is first come first serve, the start up permission and the taxi permission are sought in the same order in which all those cubes are asked. Suppose all of us are together and are not moving anywhere right now because there is too much fog so we cannot go anywhere, everyone is standing like this, it is okay in beige, we are standing like this, then people entered inside it and did that and closed it, then this Now the rules will be there first.  That some changes will come and should come because according to me, the biggest problem is that if the going is being delayed then doesn't the passenger sitting inside have the right to take me out, I can't breathe, I'm getting irritated. I am having a headache and I am having some anger issues. Please throw me out. I am not going to go. Keep my ticket money too and throw me out. There should be some cut offs for athletes like this because  Because what is happening, how to sit in the plane for four, four, five, six hours, what food and entertainment and everything is going on there, all those things of such a tight economy class, some child is crying in the middle and the noise and noise inside is disgusting. As soon as the battery of the mobile starts getting drained, the human being also starts getting like that because one hour, two hours, three hours, now in the winter time, you are sitting like this, somehow then what will happen next, it is okay, but then the weather is bad.  does not happen in winter  It is bad, this is also a problem, okay then there should be a cut off because they say that they are not telling the reason, oh the reason is as simple as the ship, no airline earns money by keeping the plane on the ground, if the plane is flying then  There is money. The more the ship stays in the air, the more money it will earn. Just like an auto rickshaw, if it keeps moving on the road, it will earn money. It is standing in the garage and not moving anywhere. He is sleeping under a tree. He is not earning money alone like this. So what is here, the entire juice of the plane is taken out, the crew keeps changing, well, one thing that is not mentioned in this is the new airlines or the airlines which are very spread out and have taken over, so many  The ratings of the captains may be such that according to the weather minima, they cannot fly the plane because now their experience is not that much, their qualification is not that much and some airlines which were old legacy airlines are there.  The commander is sitting there and he says yes, yes, it's okay, we will make you land at 75 meters also, we will make you land at 100th century also, many do not have that one, so now all these details are technical details, there is no way of knowing that yes also, who is my pilot?  I am coming, for how much will it cost, will it cost, these inner things happen, okay, when you select the ticket for that day, at that time you do n't have anyone to check who is blowing the air, how is the weather.  If this happens then all these things can definitely be improved but everywhere in every country this is called pile up or pile up happens and the schedule gets completely spoiled and what is the matter with that, the weather is good in Mumbai but from here  If you don't even take off, you will have to come back from Mumbai. Passengers from Mumbai are also stuck who have to come to Delhi, so when they get delayed for so many hours and even inside the trains, you are getting to know about it, but this is what is happening in the train.  we will walk slowly one by one  They will be lagging behind, there is an hour's delay, so they are sleeping in it. In the train, that work is different, but what is inside the ship, first of all, the people of the ship become a little rich people and where the rich people have problems, the rich people have problems.  It starts happening, there is a lot of traffic there, you know, you do it like this, you go to the terminal, you can only see something, you can see something, people can't see anything, and then go, go, go.  Can't see even 100 meters  If you see 100 then brother will definitely take out 100 and a quarter. Whatever he is seeing, the pilot is having a lot of fun. Sitting in the cockpit, he is also looking at the mobile like you. Hey, we give him coffee. Yes, this is the difference, he has coffee.  Poor guy gets it fine but as soon as his duties are completed today, another pilot is needed. The management here seems to be bad. Many airlines are anticipating this and it's been hours. Now those hours are over. Now this is a plane. Can't fly, now the weather is clearing but his duties are over, now when will the new one come? If the new one had to go beyond that, then call him, wake him up, if he was not on duty, then he is already in these times. Whatever is the duty roster, I am sure it can be done easily, but he is not going, that is why it is so tight, he should stand there exactly the same, first he should come 15 minutes earlier, instead of replacement, now you know that.  It cannot fly, the one who is supposed to fly has not come and the passengers are saying that and the airlines are telling the passengers with raised hands like this, at the time of ticket, brother, from 1st to 31st, we do not know, it is okay, it will fly, it will not fly, it will fly late, it will cancel.  Hoga tell do a bola nahi jaata we will we will update you we will update you respect and updating they are asking ATC why nonsense ATC asked me again and again the address is fog  If it is clear then they will send it. Now those ATC people say like this. The pilot tells the air hostess that the poor air hostess is waiting, the crew is waiting and the girls are like our women, daughters are standing and all the frustrations of the passenger's life are there for them.  I have to take time when my meeting is getting late, why are you not coming to your meeting? You were not going to become a tycoon anyway, if you were such a tycoon, you would have gone on a private charter.  Had you been there and that private charter also doesn't take off, okay no, I will take the best pilot, hey, even in the best one, Rs 100.15 is required, it is required in all, okay, if you were so rich, you would have been going in your charter. You are traveling in economy class, you are not that great, the one who slapped you was going on honeymoon, that boy is 28 years old, it is fine, Goa honey, honeymoon turned out great, it is his, it is to me, to the wife.  He comes saying that I mean, I don't mean, I am married, such an aggressive husband, hey brother, wait, are you in such a hurry, honey is moaning okay or no, I have to go, he is not going to get slapped, so is there any defense for him? No, it is fine, but sometimes what happens is that in slap incidents, all the irregularities of the airline are hidden, which runway you have to operate, which one is not activated, then it is like there is a problem with the government.  If it comes to this, nowadays you can't say it, do you know this thing, don't say it like that and that's the issue, P rate passengers, E rate passengers are also a flight safety is a problem, why should such a situation be created then what is mental. Screening of passengers along with luggage will also have to be done, ' Brother, what is the Thrush Hold Level? You define what is the Thrush Hold Level, you say that if someone is in the flight.  If the passengers are sitting for one hour or two, that's it, that's it, then she will go tomorrow or later, let's see what would have happened if she sat for half an hour and 20 minutes and then it's just 15 minutes, now one more hour, so passengers, I mean.  What do you mean, what is this joke, now on what basis are you speaking for 15-20 minutes, do you know when the focus is going to be cleared, now after that, what is your internal, what is the level of the crew, and this is  That is not being managed because you, the pilot, this is another big thing, I am telling you that the pilots are being treated like they are the drivers of Ube Rolla. Okay, now the driver of Ube Rolla also has to sleep. Okay, so those are the limits here.  It's all sugarcane juice. The pilots do n't increase their salaries that much. The pilots don't take that much from their pockets. What is an airline? An airline is also a car, it's like a taxi. There is a driver's salary in it.  You can call him a pilot, the other part of yours is oil, water and maintenance, the rest is the profit from the ticket, the less you rub it, the more you will pay less, because the ticket is directly in his pocket and the oil is being used, which is required to be used, it is okay.  If the pilot is kept more then the pilot will be relaxed, now he has a thrash hod level, the government should reduce it further. I think it is okay not to rub so much.  80 ars, 100 or 60 ars, you have already paid for the flying time but the rest is also a hassle, reporting time, first come medical, then go back, then get stuck in the traffic jam, then what is the point of that taxi, what is the point of body tax toll in that, if the citizens are kept in safety.  We have to stay but what is there here, it is all a game of tickets and money that now the ticket price has to be kept less than these things so that if the ticket price increases because all these pilots will come, increase the ticket by Rs. 000.  Very good and pilots will come and take the trade ones, take the best ones, brother, what is life? The more dollop of sugar you add, the sweeter will be the kheer, okay, it is as simple as that, but tell these things transparently to the people, instead of operational operation, what operation?  What are your operations? What can't you tell? Is this a secret operation of the army or ca n't be explained? Is it an airline? Is it a civil airline? Are you going from one place to another? What are you doing because yours, tell me.  The airline should tell the display, we have so many pilots, we have so many planes, our pilot to a cockpit or pilot to aircraft ratio is like every builder should tell or people, we find out that even within 10 acres you are bringing 600 flats.  So the density is 60 acres per flat. Now, if this many people are from BH, then this many people will live in it, then the density will come out to be this much. You should know everything - product, service, smile in everything.  Smile and say what's happening, we are clueless, we don't know anything, just like you don't know, I too don't know anything. Speak clearly, wearing a mask of professionalism in such a way that I am in.  Control but I don't know how to say the same thing in English to irritate the guy by being so evasive. Friend, I do n't know how, now I too have got hit badly here, where did you come from?  I have to go, I also have to go home, my shift is also ending, my child is also crying, I have stomach ache in my house too, my maid is also asking when will I come and the food has not been prepared, my husband is struggling.  Talk normally like this, friend, talk normally because that much you will smile in the service industry, if you do this then people will do the same, the bad condition of Indians is clearly there, the athletic employees are the ones who give them  Tell those who are managing, brother, the passengers in this plane have to bear the brunt of it, you are sitting there in your corporate office, you are planning to extract all the juice, plan in such a way that a plane just lands and is clean, have you seen an airline?  Isn't it already? Those passengers have not yet deboarded the plane, the next ones are already standing, the cleaning will be done, they will be standing here for 15-20 minutes and the bus leaves them and goes away, like this in such cold. This is what is happening: Passengers want so much efficiency, they need so much timing, so correct, why are you doing such and such, for a little half an hour and a quarter, I am telling you this much in India, I am telling you again and again, in our country no one is doing this much work. We are not so great in productivity, what do we say, no one can wait for half an hour, he pretends to be a passenger, he is outside, where is he, after sitting inside, he becomes a tiger and says that you have ruined my life.  Here the efficiency is reduced for half an hour in the cold. Winds come and there are many winds. The one standing on the tarmac at the airport does not come in normal houses, it remains all around in the buildings, there it is completely open, you are also sitting in the jacket jucker.  Yes, you are sitting with everything but he cannot actually sit with so many clothes and then when you are standing outside and then you are sitting inside for three hours, then tell me, you had to sit inside only for three hours, so you were comfortable here.  If I had brought it, I would have sat inside only for one and a half hour, it is too much of a cut throat for the margins and for the sake of this whole business that if our ship leaves and there is weather, then why would we sit in this, neither do I want to wait for one of ours.  The name of the airline is the same but the ownership has changed. Well, where the Maharaja's photo used to be, it was there. Those were different times, they had different stops. Flying that airline is what ever was the best thing in life.  What are you waiting for? Why are you in such a hurry? The plane will fly, sit on time, drink coffee, because whatever you see, you will have to wait at the terminal, even if you have to wait for four, five, six hours. This is an easy situation. You have a washroom, the proper one is on the plane. No, it means that it is okay to keep hitting the corner and after using it so much, then that issue will arise from it, this is your normal terminal, go comfortably, there is tea, coffee, magazine, newspaper, you can take a walk like this.  You are fine, you can do like this, you can do something, I made you sit in the plane like this, I want to tell you a simple solution to this, everyone who is my subscriber, listen brother, from the first time in life, 20th January, 20th January, don't go anywhere, don't plan.  Do this, you cannot do this problem, like whatever Hindi movie is released in the last 15 years, other than Uri, The Surgical Strike, all are flops, no one goes to see it or in such cold. No one leaves after 10 15 20 January etc. In the beginning, these were some South Indian movies, okay, a little bit went on, but generally Hindi movies are not available and Merry Christmas came, no one saw that too, it was fine but if no one watches it then many  Make things your own rules brother, don't know, we are having that meeting brother, you can do it on Zoom, just think about it, Covid has come, neither did we go through Covid for 15 days nor did we go for one or two years, nor did the world behave like this, do it like this, not at the same time.  If you have to go roaming around, then brother, then you will have to bear the hardships. The film star who has to shoot has to go, the one who cannot avoid such things has to go, you are a private individual, so go within your capacity.  Avoid wandering around at that time because what experience is left. Go on fighting and quarreling. Now tell me no, no, you had to go for honeymoon, so you cannot wait for marriage. Yes, honeymoon can be done a little further and later too.  It is possible that you may postpone the date of marriage or delay the honeymoon for a while and then go away, or the honeymoon may remain the same for a little while, definitely find a resort here, whatever work you have to do on the honeymoon, those things can be done anywhere, the rest is for sightseeing.  Time comes differently, go for a walk after one or two years, I sometimes teach you these things on Marital Sut Sangola Sutra, okay, there is no need for so much aggression, this is the name of the trip, 10 12 These are 15 days, these people have given some details like this, you cannot do anything about the weather, and then why should I treat each other like this, if I am in the supposed control of things, then I say brother, listen, this weather says it is fog.  The conditions can be predicted for 3-4 days. Tell your brother straight away that the flight is not being canceled because of the weather. You should come 90 minutes or 120 minutes earlier, then you will have to come because you will have to worry about it.  Once you are put inside, then you are put in the tar mac again and then the screening has to be done. CISF people will be involved in it again. The ground crew will also have to struggle again. The ground crew says put it off because everyone will drink their tea. They want to do the checking with CISF like this. Brother, you will come out again and again, then you will go again and then all your checking will be done. The entire ship is checked completely, there are protocols, so that too takes a lot of effort and time. Many people try to avoid it. But what I want to tell all the passengers is that brother is not your captain, he is your life, your life is in his hands, he is taking a lot of responsibility, that is, I am saying that the DT driver should show his respect to the Haryana Roadways driver.  If there is any problem, he is a little polite, so you will help him. I am telling you that in Haryana Roadways, there is a conductor and a driver, if you get into trouble then take it and see.  The bus and the passengers have to go on one side, 60 is fine, he is driving that car of yours or why are you spoiling his mind, the car means DT, I am talking at the bus level, here is a plane and 15 million things can go wrong in it. You will have to give him respect and it is not given to you and you will treat him like that. What I am saying is that you have to give respect to your taxi driver and if you have to give it to him then the pilot is a man who has spent Rs. 1.5 crores.  I agree, you have to pass the exam, it takes a lot of brain and it is not an easy thing, it is a very technical thing, ask you Bernoulli's theorem, you do n't know it, it's okay and you just gave money and sat anywhere that if I gave you the money then  It is my right, it is not like this, don't travel, if you are such a bigot, then take a charter and if you eat the charter, he will also go in it. The only thing that matters about the charter is that he is a bigot, that he is sitting.  And he is taking clearance, when the weather is clear, then he will call Saheb, Saheb will leave from then till then he sits comfortably, he does not sit tightly in the charter, he spends one or two hours moving up and down, that's the difference.  Other wise it is a level playing field brother, if the weather is bad then even the Prime Minister's plane cannot fly. It has to be understood that if the weather is bad then he will not go. Even if some VIP's plane gets priority and so on.  If the weather is bad then the weather is bad for everyone and if you people don't understand such a basic thing and make noise like this then it shows what is the level of the country because now everyone will start traveling or my Nah, I myself feel that when I say some things that they can be mistaken as classist but it is the same thing that railway stations will be converted into airports, now I do n't know how many of them have been built but airports have definitely started looking like railway stations.  OK we  I am not blaming anyone for this, the economy is doing very well, hence the number of people has increased. I will do a calculation and tell you. Okay, the collection of made is made made, you listen. Now I am telling you that there are no classes in this. Why is it so tight and this is a very good sector, if you look at it in a different way, a maid has to go to Kolkata. From Kolkata, she has to go somewhere further in Bengal, Malda etc. I am giving the example of Gurgaon.  Actual example so from me now I am into aviation in various capacities ok so tell me sir how much will you get this ticket from Delhi and looking now look classes classes to koi hota nahi but you are also taken by surprise na when the made ask  That if I want to go in the ship then you are like good and then you understand the logic and reasoning and then you are like my India is changing and progressing  And these are economic indicators and you feel very happy also because I told him completely, I explained it completely well, I said, look, if you buy the ticket first, it will cost you this much, it becomes very expensive on the last day, so how much will it cost, if the ticket is on time.  If it is done then it can be quite low, okay, when this was asked to me, it was a little less, then if you book tickets up to Rs. 1.5 two months in advance, then it would be possible, okay, so he did some calculations and  Said that it will be beneficial then how come her husband is an auto rickshaw driver They said that if their days are saved because they come by train, the journey is tiring, they cannot work the next day, they are coming a day earlier  After doing some calculations, he told me that if his travel expenses amount to Rs. 9000 and if two people do the same, it will come to Rs. 0000, then he will save almost that much because of him.  He won't have to take that much leave, his auto rickshaw income is also around Rs 000, like that would be enough for him in a day, plus that thrill of sitting in an aircraft for the first time and then seeing the airport and all that and his economic sense, it's made for.  It was a rough calculation, I can't remember the exact figure so I was like wow they are also thinking that way and now brother then that if  If you are coming here, then there will be no crowd, there will be a lot of crowd because now you tell me how much lower you have to make than this, now below that, the maids who are cooks etc. are earning decent money and they too are getting deducted money on holidays. To save his two days, two days to three days are saved. If you count the time of commuting, then three days are saved. So, he calculated that the combined earning of my husband and me will be Almost be like this plus, my body is not broken in the train. If I do this and that in the train reservation, then everyone has a mobile phone. It is okay and this is the poetry of the people. These people are not like that you have to ask your daughter-in-law, leave is canceled at the last moment. Most of the middle class will plan their travel so much in advance because they are not sure because they are not sure if something happens to the 100 king's subjects.  The country is changing and of course they are not the ones who misbehave, they will be the last ones, no one is saying here that I am never suggesting through this video that the level has become low for those who misbehave. No, their level is not low, their level is somewhere in the middle, I am not saying this, it is here too, those below are doing it for the first time, so poor people, Jahan said as if they sat down, sat down quietly. They don't have any problem, the only problem is those who are roaming around with a sense of entitlement. They want everything to be open, they don't know what is happening, so why do n't you tell me if such passengers sit. In the plane and the plane is flying in the air and Allah is making noise, then it means it is like a very problematic thing. Okay, so it should definitely be screened and there should be some kind of procedures and according to me, brother.  You will not go anywhere for 15 days in winter, you will not get hit, it is not necessary to go anywhere, it is okay to go from here to there, then go from there to there and not from there, it cannot be avoided like this, hey everyone, Covid has told me what nonsense you say.  If you can stay for 2 years then what happened in 15 days, do meetings on zoom, travel back and forth, move your time, why do you have to go at the same time, then if they themselves, people will think that friend, if you know some place where there is terrible traffic.  There is going to be a jam of 10 122 hours, so it is necessary to get trapped. I am sure that no one will get trapped. Anyone who has had this experience of 1015 days, ask them right now whether they will travel at this time next year or not, then I will say this.  It is not necessary to fall into the pit to gain knowledge, it can be done by others also and no matter how much you cut it, that is not the issue brother, even for the cat.  1.25 meter is needed, 75 meters is needed there too, something is needed there also, not just like that, it doesn't work even at absolute zero, it's okay, as much as you want, and that's yours, those vehicles that run, the bus that comes to pick you up at the airport, that's it.  Ca n't see at all. Suppose he is sitting in the bus. It has happened with many people that 75 minutes less visibility of landing runway is required, less visibility of take off is required. Why should I want it? I won't go but if I want.  You  Someone has landed, now they are not able to enter inside, they are not able to park because earlier there are so many planes standing there, it is like they do not go to the bus stand, the buses are standing so much, the bus from outside came, it cannot enter inside now.  This is not a bus stand or the outside one, like in Sector 12 in Gurgaon, even the key cannot open inside, so the outsider got down, he did not catch the auto and went, this is the airport area which is completely sanitized, so if your plane has arrived and that taxi  back up  If you can't seem to accept then poor guy is standing there, look at his condition, he can't fight and come out, so it's tight, it's tight, and it can be managed well by just cutting the flights, brother, no, it's not necessary to fly, tell me.  And the way they say that if they give a disclaimer, be it from the government, from the airlines or from anyone like the airport authority, it will be like this in time, if you have to bear the brunt of it, then it is okay to have parathas from your home.  Come on, we just saw a photo where people are sitting and eating food at the airport and the airlines were fined Rs 1 crore and the airport authority was fined, hey, you are eating food there, you throw it there, you will become AOD, friend foreign.  Object Dum, it will take the plane, it means that it has to be like this, it is literally a bus stand, I am telling you, this is what they are saying, whether an airport should be a railway station or a bus stand, whether an airport should be made or not, they say that Bihar is in Bihar.  belonged to Lalu  No, what do they say, should I make Japan Bihar or should I make Bihar Japan? There was some kind of joke like this, I do n't remember but it was that kind of joke that brother, now if you go to the airport, the feeling is coming there.  All of them are sitting like this, doing a relaxing programme. Okay, then someone from outside the country will come and say, come and visit our country. I mean, they will say, 'Friend, what are you doing, okay, the population has increased, the hobby of traveling has increased.'  or ship  Is it too much or less or what is the matter, is it okay then this much cost is not right in my opinion, then please share, like the video and subscribe to the channel, I have also started the membership of this channel, if you appreciate the video.  If I am telling through this medium, we will do some discussion webinars on these current topics, how the country is changing, what can we benefit from it, what are the current events, what is the meaning of elections, by discussing over good tea.  The name of its membership is Chai Pe Charcha, any day it will be at tea time, it may be in the evening time, it may be Friday, Saturday, sometimes it may be at tea time, like the word Saturday is decent time, if it is a holiday, then the meaning in it is that you will like it, I will also like it.  Talking, discussing, if it is a discussion over tea, then there is discussion. There will be discussion from both the sides. You will not enjoy it as much as you watch debates and all this on TV, because my videos and my content are practical and I  No one takes sides according to the agenda whether it is good or bad, all people are doing their work, everyone sees their own benefit and this is how life is, it is okay and you cannot change it too much, it is okay instead you decide on your own. And avoid taking calls for 15-20 days. I think it is a better thing. Thank you very much.