Hello friends, I have given ports, I have given airports, this becomes an election issue, it creates ruckus in between, I consider myself middle class audience which is my core audience, I will redefine it a little towards upper middle class and discuss with them on this topic.  I would like to do so, please share it openly in the comment section. Here I am not a spokesperson for anyone, nor am I batting on behalf of anyone. If you have any such type of conflict in your mind, then share it with me.  I am trying to relax. Recently we have heard a lot that if we give him the airport, then the management of the airport is given to him. Let's take the example of Adani ji, he was not the first one to give it. Who manages the Delhi airport? Tell me who manages the other airports. Manages, tell us how many total airports are there in India. Those who know should write in the comment section, because speaking like this does not level you up. Please tell me. You should have awareness in the comment section. You write how many total airports are there in India today, how many were there 10 years ago, how has it increased in last 10 years, then the contracts awarded to them are given to the lowest bidder in a transparent manner. If you know in a transmitted manner that these airports are Just given it, come and take me, tell me which airport it is not by saying that it is not a transparent marina, I am saying that all the bidders given in a transparent manner were the ones.  They bid and that is one second thing for them, I would like to ask the general public, your son and daughter were not bidding, it was not that if they had not got it, your son would have got it, only some other rich businessman would have got it, was he that rich? Being a businessman, he does not have a lawyer. If he feels that something is wrong, can he not go to the court? Can't he complain, because if it were so, then he needs to do it because he will be the one who will directly get kicked in the stomach. No  Not everyone does this, everyone is afraid, well, everyone is afraid. What I want to tell people is that there is so much opportunity in India, there is so much opportunity for work that people have come here up to their noses to do that work. There is not only money, but there are many places right now.  Ports need to be built, Airports need to be built, Roads are needed, but there should be money also to bid there. Suppose, I am a friend and you are a king. Okay, and you king gives everything to your friend.  If it is, then you need time to chew it, don't you? I am telling you by taking an extreme example, it cannot be known just like that, what I am saying is that no matter how many people you give it to, everyone still has a chance, but no contract is missed, brothers and sisters.  It is written in the qualification requirement that the turnover is Rs. 1 crore, how much experience has been made before, how much balance sheet is there, whether one has the capacity to take loan or not.  They say that no, these loans have been provided, loans have been given, so you should also have the ability to repay the loan, you can go and take a loan of one crore rupees, if your salary is Rs 40,000, just see, we will not get it from anywhere.  They don't get it but they got it, they have so much business in it, why are you focusing your mind on those worth thousands of crores, if you want to compete then do it with your brother-in-law, with your sister-in-law's husband, with your brother, with your sister.  Do it with your husband, do it with your brother-in-law, do it with your relatives because you will get happiness only by defeating them. You are not going to get happiness by defeating Adhani ji and Ambani because you are not in competition and cannot defeat them. The reason for your sadness is that your  Wife says, my brother-in-law is intelligent or my uncle, uncle is intelligent and that frustration of yours is coming out on Adani ji, I know it, I come and apply chilli.  People have a lot of fun in my videos, those who enjoy them enjoy it and those who don't enjoy it, they feel pain, so this is a good thing, I feel that emotions are aroused within the content, something like Ted Stock.  He did not come like this and said in a roundabout way that the journey of my life has come and I have become that, brother, what is the use of this, I am giving you that feeling from your mind, there is pain in the nerves, the air pressure has increased, the air pressure has increased. Because ever since I gave it to you, air fares have increased. I say this because I have some connection with aviation. If I understand it, I give you knowledge beyond that. First, let's discuss what is causation and correlation. [ __ ] in the morning.  At 5:1 o'clock he said 'cuckoo' and the sun has risen. Many people think that if a [ __ ] crows then the sun rises or at least a [ __ ] can also misunderstand that I wake up in the morning.  If I don't do Kukuku, the sun will not rise, then the sound comes out and the sun comes out, but this is not the reason, so let me explain it to you, brothers and sisters, this is an air ticket, the fee of which is Rs 5000, which is the meaning of the price of the ticket. 5000 7000 10000 Whatever the price is, it is fine, it has main cost, main cost is fuel, if the price of fuel increases, then the cost of ticket will increase.  The number one thing that will increase is this, secondly there is the aspect of the pilots, the crew and all the people who do the work that they do. If you buy any ticket, if it is worth Rs 10,000, then there will be a part of profit in it, which very can do right. One part will be the fuel, the second part will be the cost of travel and the third part will be your people's money. Third, if the ship has been taken on rent or if you have bought the dipper on the ship, then you have to repay the loan for that too.  There will be a part of that too, after that there is airport fee also, I am not denying that 150,200,300,400, whatever it is, there is a fee, if you go to the mall, you have to pay car parking fee also, discuss that fee so much. 10  Meaning, if the fee is Rs 100 or Rs 00, let's say it is fine for anything, although it is even lower than this, if I assume it is Rs 200, then how much theft is there in the fee of Rs 200?  Maybe it should be ₹ 2000000, then when it comes to 50, if someone changes it to 250, then it means it is only about 50 or ₹ 1. The focus is on 50 10000, not on the thing that which is from Boeing and which is from its Airbus.  At what rate are ships booked? What is the exchange rate that America gives us? How much is the vegetable money of the dollar? What is the game of crude oil going on? There is no focus beyond those who are pilots, their training.  Their fees increase more and their salaries increase because there is a very specialized specialized skilled workforce. You cannot create pilots overnight, that is, it takes time to make a truck driver, whereas it takes time for a plane pilot to reach that stage after qualifying. If there is a strike by the pilots or if the health of the pilot deteriorates or if he is unable to become a pilot or if the pilot does not clear the exams, then the resources are scarce. You have seen yourself in the airline business that it incurs huge losses.  They bleed even after charging so much fee. It is not that everyone remains in profit. But what I am trying to say through this video is that friend, leave many things aside. Adani of Whole Same Cement bought stake in ACC and Juja Cement.  If you take it then you have committed a sin, no, it was a multinational firm, it used to sell cement in India, so one bag of cement was sold for whatever rupees it was worth, so it earned profit from it, so yes.  What is there, there were only these manufacturing plants here, even now the manufacturing plants are here, so people were getting employment here earlier, they are still getting it here, so who got the benefit, the benefit is that those who earn profit go to their Switzerland or wherever.  That company also used to take the money there, it used to take the profit from there to there, now the profit, brothers and sisters, will remain in the country, now that money will remain in our country. Any big businessman of the country, Mukesh Ambani ji, Tata ji, it is okay if you acquire something outside, even if you acquire something outside, the money comes to India only because we have become multinational for outside, because as I told you, the money of multinational is in the original country.  If he will go and earn money in his country, he will stay here, so don't be a little humbled in front of your capitalist husbands, the poor people are so humiliated, so much that you look beyond them. Oh brother, this too was a generation ago.  Like Adani or Mukesh Ambani ji, one or two generations ago or three generations ago, they too were as normal as us, hard work and luck, this one gets the benefit of this, oh king, if it is benefiting someone, then it will give honor to the student only by raising your 12th failure.  Take it and make that too, those who failed in their 12th, were engaged in their business for so many years, reached some level, then someone lifts someone else, now the opportunity in the picture should be given to only those who  Meaning, those who do not have talent were picked up from every house and offered to those who do not have talent. There is no need to be so sad about what I am trying to do. Every businessman in India is getting some work or the other in every state, everywhere and those who  There are small business traders, they become big traders and it takes time. If you were doing some turnover of Rs 100 crore, then gradually when it will be Rs 200, you will be able to fill contracts of Rs 200, somewhere Rs 500. Now these people with Nyaya Patra, who have this mark on their hands, it is okay, they are saying that we will not cast in these businesses also, we will do the reservation, you do it, but from where will you get a cast, if this  If there is no one to do the work, then this work will not be done or what will you do, then what will happen ultimately, in India there are all the treatments, so this will become of one cast, the same person will be behind it, its stake on 1 is 99.  But  It's better to have some steak, all this nonsense means those things are meant to make you feel good. Hey brother, any work, you tell me. If you are a caterer for a kitty party of 102 people, then you will not get the contract for the wedding of a thousand people.  Will any man say or do you have to organize a wedding of a thousand parties? It is a wedding, thousands of people will come and eat food, you, Abhijeet, become one of them at the right time. Many a times, when a very important matter is being discussed, there is confusion in between.  If you have to tell me the way, then I just want to tell you basically that stop taking your tension, stop being jealous, stop business houses from business houses. If the Government of India, the politicians of India will not help the businessmen of India, brothers and sisters, then will Jeff Bezos?  Will it help Elon Musk? What do you want, what do you need? What should you be transparent for whom? Are you recruiting someone? Is there any competition there?  If you get favoured, it is a matter of great trouble because brother, you are affected, which is not out of your syllabus, it is corruption, someone will build that airport, someone will run it, it is a transparent process, you have to question it, do it, is it not right or you can do it yourself?  The process will also be like this. Earlier too, bids were made for everything in the airport. I am saying that the railway stations should also be distributed like this and should be kept clean and neat. What is ours? Get some more models done, get them, if there is a fee of Rs. 00 at the airport, then we will discuss the price of the ticket at Rs. 100, then we will argue at Rs. 100-200 that the contract has been given to it. It became fun during Covid when these business houses suffered huge losses.  So who filled it brother, tell me who had taken the contract for the airport and had paid him the fee, is the government not charging the fee, have you taken it for free from them or tell me, has the government sold it?  If it is given then what should the government do if it does not sell it and give it to the common man for free? Then where will that money come from? Then the tax payer's money will be taken from the poor man who is going to the airport. Either you tell me.  A poor man goes to the airport, the government is already distributing food to 80 crore people, so what do they do now that the one who is going with slippers and he is a very rich man, who is going with a ticket of Rs. Brother, he does n't value time as much as he doesn't value comfort. He doesn't have money. Stop being emotional about everything. Some businesses are running. The simple principle of the businesses is that if you invest Rs. 00, you will earn Rs. 105, then it will work only if you don't earn.  Will be closed then what do you want from that What do you want You want businesses to fail You want Indian government not to support and have level playing field for Indians  Businesses you want Indian airports to be given to Chinese entrepreneurs to be given to MNCs from outside or you want now we are a country we are going from defense production within our country and want to make weapons in our country so that other countries  But if you don't have to depend on it, then now the normal things that are related to defense are a big thing, these are the issues that divert the attention of the middle class and create anxiety from within.  Those who say that if they had not got the airport then your wonderful life would have become very good. You are being looted, they have looted, they have looted many things. Wherever privatization has happened, the common man has got peace in life for 3540 years.  Go back, what was the condition of the phone, do you know how was the connection, where were the recommendations, how much nonsense and corruption did the lines man use, and today everyone is roaming around with mobile phones in their hands.