Hello friends, I will dedicate this video to the think tank of BJP because right now I feel that whatever race is going on in politics, they are lagging behind in it. My job is to come here and balance things many times and also give them an advice. I will give it because the budget is also coming, it will be good for the country and it will also be good for BJP and I want to tell that and I will also tell the reasons for it and you people who are my core audience, you tell me how did you like the idea, like I never did in my life.  I always give it in my disclaimers that being an independent thinker is not easy in today's world because people will still label me. Either you tell me whether I am giving right advice or not. BJP is going to have a budget, before that we have spent Rs.  Talked about house and PM Awas Yojana and all this, I want to tell through this video and want to give advice that whatever this housing scheme is, it should be done for the poor but not for urban people. BJP has to realize for the poor that they do not have a vote bank in the village and no matter how much they give to them, they will not be happy and those who want to live in the village, build a house there, give grains there, give 5-6 Hajj to the farmer. Given and do not seem to be making any progress in GDP, then there is no need to go out. Why is there so much pampering? It's about seeing that the country has so much money, the government can spend so much. It is not that there is so much money, even if there is so much money then everyone  There is no problem in burying these houses and giving them away, there is no problem but there is a limit on money. Now that money should benefit more people and the country should benefit from that money, there should be growth of GDP, there should be a trickle down effect. Politics should shine and vote bank should also be found. BJP was originally a city party and now it is coming back to the city. It is getting rejected from the villages. Now double the number of my farmers who have entered the villages. Do this.  Couldn't do it, couldn't do it, the farmer is angry and brother will remain angry, according to me, because who will go and tell him, who will explain to the farmer that brother, so many people have entered agriculture in disguise, people will have to go out and work but they  That too is a lot, living in a village, good air, good water, milk, cow's food, some of our own and then some, mobile and all that, I started getting it there too, I am not an anti-villager, but I like those who belong to the city. he is poor  My heart beats for this. The poor of the city is the person who is taking the risk. All the risk is his, otherwise he too would have studied anywhere else in the village because the cost of living is low in the village. Whatever you say, study in government schools there and there.  But take your food as per your wish and the government provides it. Even if you do not have your own farm, you are getting food grains and some 500 state governments have launched schemes like old pension, this pension, that pension, poor pension, Haryana.  So even if you had not married above 45, you could have survived there, but that man came to the city taking a risk in his life for his children and his own progress. Now the first thing that bites him in his city is  I want rental housing. The rent should be made by the government. It does not mean that you donate it so that you can keep it, but create rental housing where a very nominal rent is taken from them. It is okay so that it can be monitored.  It is possible that you cannot rent out anyone else and stay there yourself, what is the point in this? BJP will ensure a lot of vote bank and whatever help it will provide, it will be irrespective of caste, color, creed religion, it will help the urban poor. By identifying rental housing, I am again using the word rental housing and incentivizing builders to create rental housing. I will not call it EWS housing because What happens in EWS is build build, the government gives something, they sell it and then go to urban slums somewhere and then the next government comes, it builds, the city becomes clean, it is a big city, you look at Mumbai, Delhi. Look at Kolkata, look at any of them, all the big cities, that is, all the top cities, tier two cities and even tier three cities, the state governments should also encourage it, the center should give money for this.  For this, the state government should also invest Rs. 50 crore in rental and the central government should invest Rs. 50 in rental housing. Rental housing should be created for the urban poor. BJP will benefit a lot. Now, wherever they have state governments, they can immediately implement this scheme.  And in this budget, we can announce that 3 crore houses will be built out of thin air and PM residence will be located inside the villages where people will leave in 5 years.  They will leave and whatever migration will happen, urbanization is bound to happen, the benefit in urbanization will go to BJP only because the villagers are not afraid anyway and if you do n't know about the politics of fear, then those urban people are more affected by it.  So BJP can take direct benefit of Urbanization of India if it invests in these things now because Congress is bringing the bottom of the pyramid from the bottom, it is bringing it up from the bottom and BJP is now out of the pyramid. BJP will feel the place, what smart thing did it do first 10 years ago that this was the spectrum, this was our left from the left, left means whole and this was the rightist BJP and this was the center and Congress was in the center, BJP was called right wing from the center.  Here BJP came here and kept on pushing and pushing and Congress kept on doing like this. If it kept on doing like this then Congress lieutenants have disappeared and no one even asks about them. So Congress has come to this corner of the poor and this is what they call.  Don't talk about other big things, the people who say that they are JNU fans and all these things are fine, they are farmers of the poor, after doing all that, now BJP has come here and gone till here, what is there to do till here, what is there to do till here?  It happened that without doing anything, just by showing it, I started getting so much taste and votes started coming, then in the last several years, in the last four-five years, the work below was not done, the photo ops were very good, so now this one for the first time, do and means do and.  Dying situation right now  It has started because if you do all this now, then three houses will not be built out of thin air, the rental housing you thought today will be built tomorrow, elections will be held in four years, then in 5 years, state government elections are coming in Maharashtra. You are coming to Haryana and Jharkhand. Make immediate announcement. Your government is there in Maharashtra everywhere, meaning in Maharashtra and Haryana, your government is there. Announce it in the cities. Nothing will be achieved by distributing plots of 100-100 yards, because then you are distributing them in urban areas of Haryana, so who is the identification beneficiary? Many a times it has been given to some people from outside, he is not even their vote bank. Hey brother.  If you are distributing somewhere in a city, then do this much homework. How much should I tell you openly? How much should I do that? In Haryana, 100 yard plots have been distributed, so see their original antisense agents.  That the person to whom you have given it is a yes person, is your voter originally a heavy voter or not or just looked away from the base and beyond that you have given it, who is it, is acting very casual, below and above the BJP, this is a very practical video, this is a request. Now this is coming, the budget is coming and there is no anti or his thing in it because what is there here right youtube0 You will see Anjum and all of them, they know what the government has to do, Dhruv Rathi ji knows what to do.  And those who are like Godi YouTubers, they have just praised the government. Like me, I am in a lonely space. I am scolded here too, I am scolded there too, why do you call him like this, why him, why his, oh brother, I am also there.  I belong to the country, I am a nationalist and say, in any way you can get benefit, in any way you can get benefit, take such benefit that if you provide rental housing to a person within the city, then by default he will get permanent residence in it. But it is on rent and tell him whether you will pay rent for 15 years or 20 years, after that it will be yours and after that you will also pay tax on it. If selling in the middle is not allowed, if you do it under power of attorney, then it is illegal.  One who has paid rent for 15-20 years, a very nominal rent, I am not asking to ask too much in the EMI form, but what will a nominal rent do to him, he will remain in that house whenever he wants.  A person gets a house, then he installs a cooler in it, a TV, a bed, then the economy kick starts. When a person lives in a slum or a place like this, which is not permanent, which is not his sure thing.  Which is exactly the same kind of rent that the owner here is the government, so the government will not evict it, it will give an allotment letter in such a way that the rental has to be paid and after 20 years, if you want anything.  If it is done then your children will be living here or your family is like this and whoever will be living here will have to stay here for 20 years and the ownership is for 20 years. So what kind of idea did you think, first tell me and can this BJP and all this be implemented?  You can do this very easily by saying Rs 3 lakh 3 lakh crores, there is no benefit to anyone by building it inside the village. Practically even the villagers are not benefited. There is a garbage disposal place, you will build a house there, there is no sewerage.  There is no water, there are 50 other things which are not there, make clean places in the city and this will be a very good program for slum redevelopment. Wherever there are slums or such places or there are urban villages or unauthorized places.  By doing this in unauthorized colonies, somewhere the plot is like this, wherever there is government land easily, land can be easily acquired somewhere.  There is a parcel of 10 acres and there is also a line parcel, so there also you can easily take out 4000 flats, you can give them in the form of small and rental housing, things suitable for the living of a clean, decent human being, the equivalent of 350 400 carpets in the city.  If it is a big city then it will become a little smaller in size. If it is a small city then it will become a bigger size. If we do this then BJP will benefit a lot. I feel that  BJP has run out of ideas, it has become so over dependent on Modi ji that he will do only what he wants in the elections and has taken till 240, meaning only Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma will do it, there is no work for anyone else or will anyone give any idea that yes this is  Let's do this, which means that the only work left for people like us is to come and give ideas to your party, which means that now we have to give because we do n't feel like we have a chance to give, since it is from the budget, put a provision in it, we have already put it in.  The scheme that I said is to be tweeted, only the money is there, I had already told you that promises have to be made, there were promises, so brother, don't do it in many villages, too much money is being given in the village, there is no income from the village.  The GDP of the country is not growing, there is no productivity of the people, there is useless politics and vote bank politics. If the seats are counted according to the votes and now when the delimitation will be excised, then there are a lot of rural areas from here.  Seats are also going to be reduced, you people who are going to get this done must be aware of this. Well, what is going to happen is that in cities where physical man lives, there should be more weightage instead of just villages, villages are villages, farmers are farmers.  The government has tried to do a lot of good, everyone has done it, but the actual good of the farmer is not possible because no one openly tells him that farming will not work, only so many people can work on so many acres. Now not the whole family can live on this, you will have to go out and start doing other things also, so who should go there, it is up to the farmer to decide in the farmer's family. If a farmer has three children, then why won't all three farmers do that land holding? 1. There will be a third father, his father was not able to survive, he has two children from land holding, how will he survive, then the farmer also has to think, which government will come and do anything?  Just do the government, this is my father, the government does not let us die of hunger, but is not dying of hunger an achievement after 77 years of independence? Okay, after so many years, is this the achievement that we are not dying of hunger? Yes, let's consider it an achievement.  It could have happened a few years ago that so many people used to die of hunger, they did not die of hunger, but now we have to look forward, so the first thing is the house, if the government will provide the house and rental.  If there is housing, it will also encourage urbanization and the place will come in a good manner. Otherwise, if there is migration, people will live in unauthorized, unhygienic places, which will lead to diseases, there will be no productivity, there will be hygiene issues, infrastructure will collapse, cities will build anything anywhere in the cities.  If you take it then make clean housing from it. Many countries have done it. No one is telling such an original idea that I am telling by doing it from my own pocket. Many countries have done it.  The developed countries, when they were becoming developed, have done this work, they can keep the same cent amount which can be linked to inflation, that is, I am asking to take rent like ₹ 5000000, I am not saying that 10000 20000 is a very low minimum rent.  So that his cash flow remains stable, he will count only then he will know how many people are living there and the rent is coming.  There is a mechanism for it, so you keep adding that mechanism, there will be no difficulty, it will be a very good system, according to me, encourage this thing and in that, if anyone wants to buy or want to do something like this, after some stage, they should also add an option.  It is possible that the poor man has money after 7 years and he wants to buy and does not want to pay rent because after buying he can sell through lettings. If there is some such system then ask him to buy, otherwise wait for 20 years.  Meaning  IAS officers are very intelligent people, the rest of the people have to sit and tweak it so that you don't have to pay anything for 20 years, if it is too much then you can neither sell nor buy for 7 years so that it seems speculative.  If it is given then my idea will be very fruitful. It is very easy. It is a basic template. I told that its specifics can be discussed. If there is no rich in the city, then there is no need of poor in the city. Why do all the work have to be done in homes and cities?  You also need a driver, you need a Flipkart delivery boy, you need a maid, you need labor, a painter, a carpenter, everything, he also manages the ecosystem but it is also increasing and what kind of conditions do they live there, but they are among the people.  If the passion is high then they are taxed only by the middle class in the country who pays the tax, the lower class pays the tax, otherwise the middle class and the rich class pay, then brother, this is the use of your tax money.  If it is put to good use, you will see direct benefits. You will see the city becoming cleaner. The workers who will come to your homes to work will come in more hygienic conditions. Their children will live in a better environment. There will be no diseases within the city. If the city remains clean, please spread this message.  It is an easy thing to do to everybody, meaning now this idea comes from the opposition or not, then it is BJP, it is done only if we get the original idea, otherwise we do it.  If the opposition will take the credit, then if the Congress people are listening, then brother, you do not need to speak in the Parliament, but if you accept that these people do not do so even after giving the idea, then you people should say that yes, we had given this idea because I have full knowledge of it.  I am sure that many think tanks find the content of my channel useful because I see those words being used. I have used those words for the first time like National Security, which had never happened before in Agniveer's case. Earlier it was only about employment, on top of that, as soon as national security was used, big leaders started using it, so it is necessary for me and I have no misunderstanding, I have deep confidence that I have seen things.  It goes and is good, the effect should be the same, it should be good, a video has been made for positivity and negativity, I do n't know, I will post it before this video, I will post it later, I have made a very cute video, that too is fine, I hope so.  You will also see, like the channel, subscribe and share thank you a