Hello friends, today I have come up with a very good idea. Let us circulate it in the society. What is this video and this idea? It will be sown in the middle, it will take 2-4-6-7 years to grow a tree, but it will benefit many people.  It will be done, so if your children are not married or your own are not married and marriage is important, listen carefully, recently there is another good private bill in the Parliament, okay, do it, in which one has told that in marriage.  Bring only 100 members, this is very good, but I want to take this thing further and want to tell you something that you should start a scheme, Janam Janmantar Joda Scheme, by doing JJJS, the scheme is fine, under which if people get married, then one of them  There will be terms and conditions, the biggest thing today is the fear of 498. Do you know that in section marriages, half of the boys are scared like this, at least there will be something inside him that there will be something in this marriage.  It is not given, there is no compulsion on anyone, if a marriage is taking place under this scheme and the government can subsidize that couple if they come under the taxable category, then some exemption in tax can be given if they are not in that category.  If there is then some more incentive can be given like there was some Ujla Ujjwala scheme or this scheme so that people can get married in this marriage because what is there in India if this law comes and a private bill comes.  It is not that everyone will do it, everyone would like to accept it. Democracy: Some people say that they want to invite 500 people to the wedding, but there is a system in place that limits the expenses, due to this, there will be no wasted expenditure on weddings in the society.  There will be a little bit of pressure on each other that why do n't you get married under this, do you want something from the girl's family and the fear of the boy's family is this, isn't it brother, we have taken something, not this one has imposed it on us.  She will allege that I had brought so much money, give me my money, give me my wife, give me this money, I do n't know what you asked from me, false allegations have been made on the boys, this fear is there for them, isn't it simple that if under this If there will be a marriage, it means that nothing has been taken and if you have been given, then do not marry under that and this intention will become clear first, if there are some boys who expect a lot and want to get married within this, then that means  their mind is flawed  Neither should such boys give their girls anyway and the girl's parents are the girl's parents, they are not demanding anything from them but still they do not want to marry under this, that means they also have some program in their mind for the future.  Is it no brother, we will not give anything and then we will not do this in this one because we should have the option, if you somehow and Domestic Violence Act 2006, all those provisions will be there, no one is doing it but this one will be at a charge.  will get freedom You don't know what you asked for or wanted to ask for and it will be clear from this that nothing will be given under this marriage and this marriage will be named like this and a budget can also be fixed for it like that bill.  In what is happening, he said that there should be 10 dishes, just 10 dishes is enough to eat, however, if you want to eat food in actual, then you can have 10 dishes and even for 100 people, 50 girls, 50 boys.  Meanwhile, everyone's close relatives get settled and nowadays there is a lot of pressure in weddings as people come and go, since there were hardly even 10 people, boy or girl, Pandit ji and two, four, five or 10 others, that too, it was very good.  It is not that less people came to the wedding, it is my experience as a marital counselor. One of the things that I do is that the weddings at which  Expenses on functions and weddings are consciously reduced by both the parties. Irritability is not there, otherwise what is the expectation that if the boys did something, the girls did not do it. If the girls did, then the boys were respected.  The conflict between the boy's parents never ends; the wedding function in India is now a four-hour long function.  It starts at 7008 hrs and by 1112 hrs the chairs are being closed, there is no time more than that, today is a fine day and by the time the rounds are over, only 15 people are left in the family. The discussion of that function is in normal marriages and this is my research.  Yes and many, I have cases. Three to four years is the minimum. In many places, marriage remains for life. Life remains long. There is discussion about it. Your suit came, your suit lost its color.  That your chunni was not right, this was not right, you did not take it, you did not give it, you did not tie it, you did not tie it, and by the time his die down is over, he comes to our place about to give birth to a child, Jaundice was about to come, now this was about to come, this  There are a lot of problems in the society. Gradually I will highlight them through my videos. It is not that you have not heard it, it is just that some people are doing some of those things, you know which ones they are doing these days.  We  All the things are maximum and now elections are coming, only those things will be talked about. Why is this not an issue in the elections? Many people call it a resolution letter. Why is the resolution not taken? Why is this not made in the resolution letter?  It is not taken that we take a pledge that now there will be no expenditure on marriages in India, it will be very less and what is its name, Prevention of Waste Full Expenditure Act, do it like this and melt it. Prevention of Waste Full Expenditure in functions. If it is okay then it is a very good thing because when there will be no pressure because many parents and many middle class people do not consider such events as part of their life like Filmfare Award.  For life achievement now goes to, now the function is done, now our life can end, after this she thinks like this in her mind, it is not so, there is a lot of life after that, 70 lakhs are spent on marriage. 70 days are not working, then when they come crying in consultation, then looking at the parents, it seems that they are more pained by drowning 70 lakhs or their relationship is broken because they are not able to understand things, but it is visible on their faces.  If you don't invest 70 lakhs then do n't be a disrupter and when you invest that much money then what will the new couple fight about? Give them money and give them good behavior bonus. Another idea like one year of marriage.  If you have also fallen and both of them have not complained a lot about each other and their parents, have not whined about each other and have not been unnecessarily harsh on them, then tell them that it is an incentive, you get a bonus, like in a company you get Rs 4 lakh.  They will meet you by taking it out of the so-called wedding budget and then say that if you give birth to a child in the next two-three years and you will have to take a break from the girl's job, then also the incentive is from which money.  Marriage Save the money that you have saved in FD and gradually invest it like NT plan, like these life insurance people and all these people keep giving it for a year, after that say brother, now Fevi.  There must have been a strong joint of the goal, if it has not happened even in a year, then we cannot take the contract of age, but in the beginning you put the car on their track, this society. Discuss this video. Discuss in your family groups. Those who are those who are forward.  Don't do them. What benefit is there going to be in it? So tell me what an idea Sir ji, write below it and put it on twittersignin.com, what is the benefit going to be there, but out of 100, even if it gets 5, 10, 20, and this money.  If we are saved and marriage does not happen, then the business of marital consultants like us will be less. I am telling you to kick your stomach. I am telling you to kick your stomach that marriages will go well.  Consultation will not come because it comes only after crying and crying, so please forward it. Pre- marital consultation is also very important. I carry out that also, one thing can be done before marriage without any fight. If anyone wants consultation.  So you can connect and type PMC to the a contact number which you can find out ok so please share this video very important  Do n't spend too much money on weddings. Spending too much sets up for disruptors from the marriage from the other partner from the spouse from the girl's parents. Don't know what to do with the girl. What should the boy do with what? What if we had given so much money? Don't just do it, don't do it by saying that call the couple that brother, the wedding budget is so much and this is also money or this plan, which package do you want? Tell me, should we give you money in your honeymoon or here, the couple is fine. They will say in a minute, Papa ji, we do n't have any friends, you call your uncle, Uncle Poopa, do 20-50 marriage, we will give it to us, every buddy Janji is very smart and his excitement level is also there and say, not all will give behaviour.  Good behavior will also be rewarded by both the parties, by both the sets of parents, I have hope in life, I thought this was a good idea, please share it, thank you.  Very Much