Hello friends, elections are coming, manifesto of parties is being prepared, there is an idea which we can circulate so that the real estate which is becoming so expensive should become a little less expensive. The idea is that the government will be the central government plus the state government.  There are a lot of owned land parcels plus they are located in the middle of big cities where they have official residences or people who have relatives of theirs live in them.  If you accept then the solution is that residential buildings can be built in those areas for government employees at the cost by the top builder and a space can be given to the builder to sell normal things in the market and that land can be used. There is cost and the government can cap the price of the builder because if they do not charge too much for the land, then the builder who is investing his construction money there will keep the same margin and his own.  Will earn money. If you understand then the land will still always belong to the government. The land is not sold to the builder because everyone will say this. What will they say? Capital is frozen, crony capital is frozen, not sold, government will not sell, government sold.  This may also give rise to the idea of ​​rental housing and the things that will now be built in the middle of the city would be like lease hold.  It's 99 years, 199, 999, you can do whatever you want. The builder will not turn it on, but what will happen with that? A lot of land parcels will be released, the prices will be very good in big cities. Now the question will come that if this is a subsidized thing.  This is a subsidized thing, so who should get it, then it should be given to those who do not have a house, first of all, there is a basic thing, so before putting the rich in the trap of poor, first of all, there is a house for the poor.  If it is not available then the off-course will come out of the draw plot because there will be demand from a lot of people because if a normal flat is somewhere around two crores then under this scheme it will easily cost one crore because the cost of the land is not that much and the cost of the land is not that much.  The government will not take much money, its mechanism can be made from city to city as it wants to do, if it wants to do rental housing then the government can also do rental.  The government used to own the land, it got it built by a builder, it is okay and the government is eating the rent, that proposal can also be there, the employees will also like it, they can be earmarked separately to some extent, if you see, then which one is this?  There is our Kidwai Nagar which has been demonstrated by NBCC in Delhi and is earning a lot of money there, Office Pace has sold all this and has demonstrated a lot, so it is not that we do not have the model.  But the thing is that now when development has to be done and ideas are being sought and are being sought at the Prime Minister level and are being sought on his behalf, then brother, we will have to give ideas, yes the allegations should not seem as if this was an electoral campaign.  This one is that you sold it because the opposition will do the same, so you have to openly say that this is my land, if you have a plot lying somewhere, your father is not letting you build four floors on it and you will get rent.  If it happens then what is the problem, you still haven't sold father's land and have given it to father, you take it father, do it like this, give the rent of two floors to me, I have built the house, so a lot can be done and it will be good for the public and when  It is good for the public, doesn't it? The public does not do anything and everyone knows what is happening because the railways have huge land parcels, there is also a lot of defense land, there are many different types of things where everything can be done.  man hold But you should audit it and see on which lands, yes, they are sitting in the middle of the cities, what is the meaning of government people sitting in government offices right in the market of the city, is there any commercial thing happening in your mind?  You can also live far away. You can go and see where the government people live inside the UK or in big cities of other countries. It is your heart to live there. If you want to live in a residential place, then you can make it residential. Build a tower for them so that they can also live there. children should also study  Those who live nearby are in good schools, their wives also work, so I am not an anti-government person here, I am just benefiting them, now you are living in shabby houses, CPG is also coming, maintenance is not being done, which public department etc. are these?  All the money is like that, do you know what it is, what is the color of it, what is the condition of it and what is the maintenance money? Everyone knows that a builder will build it, he will maintain it in a good way, that will be the HRA of the government employees.  The government will not have to pay. Government employees also go around saving money as per their social status. Whatever their social status is, we call it type four, type three, type two, type one. Such quarters are given to them as entitlements. As to which officer and what he will get in which pay band, then remove it by making life a lung. My one construction is for 150 years and will not go anywhere. Your quarters have become permanent. You have to get a house, otherwise it is yours.  The office is here, I do n't know from where you come here, some come from Dwarka, some come from there, some are coming from Najafgarh, I am taking the example of Delhi, some are coming from far away, so you will get a place with respect.  The land given in the middle of the city will also be released. Rest of yours, only very rich people are coming and living there. There are so many poor people living there. There are properties worth crores of rupees which will be a little less than the market price and more than that. This will be curbed, otherwise brother, the middle class cannot buy a house. Look at your Gurgaon. However, I am an edge real estate guy, I am giving an ax to the real estate business by suggesting all this, but sometimes I also do something to do good. Making a small channel is just an idea, the state government can implement it, it is not necessary that permission from the center is required, any state government can also do it, the center can also do it, it is the idea of ​​the political parties, theirs is political. Even if the party says, we will come to power, we will do this, those who are under the Centre, we will do that, where our states are under the state, we will do so much, we will leave so many ruined places everywhere, I am not saying that go to Lutyens Lane here. Change the appearance of that place, incite more crowd there and don't do me in Ecology and its chak tanto where it can be done, where FR can be increased, where infrastructure is in place, where Left Right has also been increased.  And  Where all the roads are good, everything is there because you will see in big cities, there is metro at many places, everything is good, only a little land parcel has to be released, I am not saying here that sell everything, 100% of the government. Because this is also work in progress. If this idea has been put forward today then it will take next 20 years, 25 years to execute it gradually. Yes yes, today the land parcel has been released here, today this has happened, the government office itself has expanded.  The government itself is getting bigger, so brother, you should make the office properly for yourself, now the government is also at each other's head, whatever happened in the government area and area office in Delhi.  It was a welcome step, isn't it a good thing, then why can't that thing be done all over India and why are you doing it only in Delhi and leaving it aside, rest of the country is such a big country, what is there and why can't it be done there if the space is released there?  Let it be like this, build a school, build a hospital, okay  If you make something which can release it, if there is utility of that pace, then this is a very good idea. But how do you like this idea, you have to share it. All the trollers are IT sales people, right?  They also look at useful things, it is not that they have come only to abuse because I am not making a video against anyone, I am just giving an idea, so you are someone's IT cell person, you are listening to politics. As for the party, please post it somewhere in the think tank that your committee has written that yes, it is good to say the idea, just put it as a phrase, who knows, implement it a bit, then put it, it is a great idea.  It is good otherwise the government will say either the government will make it for the poor or the EWS people who are worth Rs 150-200 carpets cannot live as a child of a human being. I am saying that even middle class people can't live there.  She has become poor in terms of buying a house, here the government has to earn money, I am saying to monetize it, the government owns the land, it can be put on rent as per its choice, the seller can keep it, the freehold person can keep it.  Keep it rental, keep it mix of it, keep it all, it can be managed very well, according to me, you guys tell me what kind of idea it is, please spread this idea, I feel like this This type of ideas can be put in the bar manifesto, I will keep bringing more ideas, if you have not subscribed the channel then subscribe and there is one more request, watch all these videos, 10 15 20 thousand people will watch them. If you have not subscribed the channel then subscribe.  And those who have done it, then they feel good after hearing such things from their families or spread some positivity and everyone listens to intelligent things.  Do this in the country so that our country thinks intelligent instead of being upset, I have a request, brothers and sisters, who is listening wholeheartedly, increase one more subscriber so that I am sitting at the figure of 26000, so that I can directly touch the figure of 50000. Mohim, it will take a little bit of effort, I know how to get someone in the family to subscribe like this, now it's time to vote, so this is how you have to press the button to vote, right?  So practice it now and press the subscribe button here because the more you press, the more my voice will reach higher. By shouting here, my voice will not reach higher, my voice will reach higher. When there are numbers in democracy, numbers are needed now, that is why I am every  In the video, I will ask you this thing at the end of every video, so please do n't worry, I will tell it at the end only, but please press the subscribe button, ideas will come only then and the poet's poetry will come out from within. Only when you get such clapping do you feel like writing more. Brothers and sisters, this thing can be done in an off-course. You will have to sit and think about it, but there is nothing that cannot be done. There is no piracy going on in this. The government is doing good to everyone.  It will be good for the builders, it will be good for the economy and it will also be good for the common man because the government does not need the land to utilize it at the market rate, nor is it for the public.  You can also pay the land cost, now the cost of construction is 00, you earn your profit and the government is also giving something, still we can launch the thing at 56000 feet, so what is the problem?  It is happening and by making a policy in full swing, showing it to the public, taking it around and getting everyone clapping, they can say that it is done with transparency and there has been no theft from the public.  It is good that the builder also adopted it and everyone did their own thing. This can be done very well. Spectrum was also a resource of the government which was sold by the government. It is okay that coal also belongs to the government and it is their resource which is under government control.  It is only those who sell airwaves, this is also the land, it is yours, the land can also be released to the people of India in big cities where there is fire.  Where will the common man buy the property at 15000 20000 20000 25000 rate 0000 feet rate? Will he live there in the slums at all? How will he live there? Make it clean and look good. The entire landscape will be the responsibility of the builder. Where will the swimming pool, landscape gymnasiums be given to the employees?  If you get the facility, the government employees will clap, they have made a separate one for them out of 5.5 acres, one acre and a half.  Acre of tower is yours, brother, your club, swimming pool, all this has been done, from here the money has been adjusted, then the accommodation received by the government can come out of the profit. If I am buying something for 00 feet and I have a heart of heart in a better location.  In A city, if I am getting a salary of Rs. 14,000,000 or even Rs. 12,000, then it is very good for me, I mean not exactly a common man, that is fine.  So there is benefit for that, it is okay and here your assets become the assets of the government and all the government employees, if they stay in a government place then they will not even have to pay HR, which the government used to give to everyone every month.  In this way, if that money is also saved, then the government will get the income from it, the whole meaning is if someone writes a paper on this, someone goes to Niti Aayog, someone makes a presentation about it, have fun.  And the idea in which there is no loss to anyone and benefit to everyone, if that idea also cannot be implemented then Politino is making his mind bigger by doing this now. Hello brothers, you will vote for me on this idea but yes, I will have to join such a platform.  These people have that problem, now from where should I form the government, so I am just giving an idea, brother, the one from someone else should do this free electricity and water, the one from the mohalla clinic, you can install it, it is okay that the other one is doing this.  You are a topper student, you assume that it is okay, brother, who has come to give justice, you give some justice, write all of them down in your manifesto, then whoever wins, wherever he wins, whether in the state or the centre, he will not get opposition there.  Because everyone had made a promise with the public, so can you public brothers and sisters force your politicians to say that this Guruji from Gurugram has given such a great idea, please put it in some form.  So that the existing restructuring that has to be done in public utilities and audit has to be done to see that wherever the unnecessary space is being wasted and the garbage is lying half of the offices, why can't they put up a manifesto, that is the message, so please spread this. Thank you Yuri.