Hello friends, in this video, which is Anant Ambani ji's pre-wedding festivities, there will be a discussion on one aspect of it and you will get to understand a little bit about the society, there is speculation about who is coming, who is behaving how and so on.  You see the pressure, if you see Ananth ji when it was starting, what did he do in Van Tara before that, what food is the elephant eating there, all this has to be shown so much that it is not visible to the eyes, this is Indian middle.  Don't be blinded by the class because I will not talk about the lower class. The lower class is not bad. They keep looking after their own thing, they have their own thing going on, they work hard, earn money and those of the lower class are very hardworking and at the same level.  Like it is said below, I am talking about the economic class here, so they are very much interested, this is the live wedding happening all over the country, who came, why did Rihanna not dance well, so much money, so much money, what kind of dance is this?  What has happened, it is a private function, one party has invited another, something has happened, what is your problem, it means that people are not able to digest this jealousy factor which belongs to the middle class, how proudly the Indian middle class is coming out. What is the name of Amitabh Bachchan's granddaughter, Aaradhya ji, is Aaradhya 's photo etc. the last day and beyond that, comments are being made by the people, why are they doing this, why are they doing this, where is the jealousy from within?  It is coming from, someone is enjoying, some rich people have organized some function where they are going, the function is going on, so the main work thing is not being done by anyone, I will talk about that in the end. Maybe if he asks a question then it may be a little true that yes he is saying that but to personally check who is spending how much, who is eating and how things are going on, in my opinion, he of middle class typical middle class comes out from within.  here comes this one Jealousy is the factor, you have got the same to compete, you are middle class, your competition should be with your brother-in-law, it should be with your brother, I am being sarcastic, so you should not compete with him either, but you compete with them, not yours, your wife's sister.  If your husband overtakes you, your younger brother overtakes your elder brother or there is competition among children, if any of your relative's children overtake you, then you are in direct competition with Mukesh Ambani, which means you are facing problems from him.  If so, do n't consider this circle as yours. No, brother, you are absolutely right. Guru ji, we keep doing this on a daily basis, but we also need a break every day. What is the point of jealizing with our own people, so dirty.  It is not our culture to do Satyam with our own people every day. Explain this also. I hope my subscriber also understands that no, we are not us, we are not jealous of them, we have to be jealous of them too, we have to raise our standards like this, be jealous of the people of our own standards.  If you are not jealous of your elders, then it is up to you to see. No one asked me this question, because when it came to pre-wedding festivities, I thought it was okay to have a wedding on 6-7-8 March, then I came to know that the wedding is on 12-12 July. So no one is asking that friend, this wedding festival four months ago in April, May or June is not just to divert attention, something was going on somewhere, so now the whole country is talking about it, now here we are, a complete gossip.  Well, on that point, yes, you did not talk about this, when you have done so much, then you should look at why these festivals are happening four months ago, brother, festive activities are not ours, they talk about normal marriage, marriage of that day. Yes lady, there will be sangeet, then there will be turmeric, then it will be like this for three-four days, it happens in a common man's wedding as well as in a middle class wedding, but what about four months ago, did he either feel like he wanted to?  Was it to ingratiate or was it marketing or was it something else or was it elections or was it some other protest? What is it, you write in the comment section and the middle class should not be jealous, you have to use your brain to know what is happening, who is defining this syllabus? Don't be so anxious to explain that a wedding is taking place, a birthday is taking place at someone's house, a wedding is taking place, a function is taking place, then you will become so evolved, who is coming, who is going, what?  What are you eating, what is the calculation being done, or the media has made its own, many things to engage you, give less TRP, because the deliberation is coming like that, if you have genital irritation, there is a little too much of something.  It is also said that this is my life and my brother, instead of wasting time by looking at this, improve your life, improve your life, make your life better, isn't that the message? Do you like the message?  It is a practical message that constantly check his guest list to see that he has also come, now he has got down from the stage, now he is coming, now he is dancing, today the family is dancing, today this actor is dancing, today he Today it is his turn to dance, then people are showing him off by saying look like this, by doing this again body shaming things are happening, which is not required, which is not required.  Someone is doing yours, it's good, all the best, it's a good thing, what is the problem, then concentrate on your own life and try to improve. Consume only that content which forces you to think about your life like it is this content or about my other channels.  There is content but that content will not be enjoyable all the time because it will show you emptiness, it will force you to do something, what is there in this content?  Why is this happening, type something like this, do something like this, it's good, they have a lot of fun, everyone has fun, this Ri also came there, Ri was also there, Ri also came, there is a photo of Rihanna Ri, she is taking out something.  All that is happening in it, you will say, Guruji, you watch all of us, I convince you not to watch, come and analyze, I am a content analyst, I watch mine many times, they do it to us, hey, I watch.  I will come and explain  I analyze and make videos, so I earn money from it, so where am I wasting? You are doing the waste, not you did it, neither did you learn anything nor did you settle your emotions, because emotions did not come, nor did you get jealous.  'Chidke' and such or what kind of time pass are you getting the happiness that oh I am very happy I am very happy, if you are coming then write in the comment section and if you are not coming then write be alive.  To your emotions this is very important in our life that what we are consuming in life will define that the marriage of an industrialist's son cannot be consuming this country's time but yet it is so shows that where this country is going and  What is Happening Why We Can't Discuss Things Which Directly Affect Us Because Whatever is happening in our life, we always discuss it.  Part it is like when a child sits to study, a small child of 7th, 8th, 6th and 8th class sits, he has to go to sleep, then mummy is hungry, which means his Dadda is not able to stand here, which is called Na Dadda i.e. a Haryana word, he is not able to stand. Whatever you read, tick it, you tick it, you must have seen children like this, then they will feel like watching TV, then they will feel like watching mobile, they will not want to study, then this is the thing that can be exploited.  It is special when you go to a stage but turn 22 30 25, when no one of your mobile phone is snatched then next time be very very clear what you consume and please make your diary and notes what ever is the learning thank you Very Much