Hello friends, this is going to be a very important topic, you have to share it with everyone and make notes, I do not want to troll, I am a Guruji kind of person, I have Guru Tatva and am a person who has risen above all castes and that is why I have great courage on reservation.  I want to tell you clearly by doing this and you tell whether this thing opened your eyes or not. I am going to tell you a different aspect because if you get it on reservation then it is good and if you don't get it then it is bad. It has been 75 years. Nothing ever happened to them. I am going to tell a third finding and I am going to tell it by taking the example of the NEET exam which is in discussion now and you tell it carefully and think about it. I am talking about the NEET exam. After the NEET exam, there are many more  Many a time on social media it was felt like, 'You make these people behave like this, these people have done reservation on the basis of caste, these people will treat them as quota people, a lot of systems are run by doing this, so today I am going to tell the reality.  I am going to tell you the Indians, the fellow countrymen, the truth of reservation, those who humiliate you so much, those who get reservation, OBC brothers, Dalit brothers or the rest of the categories, SC, ST, whatever categories and today your eyes will be opened.  If you feel like crying, cry, if your heart aches, then share it. It is the duty of every person to share this video so that you get complete clarity. On reservation, more will keep coming on my videos.  Today, I am going to give clarity on a part under a different example that if this dialogue is hit or not, then get them treated carefully, I am going to set only that, so let's start brothers and sisters, 24 lakh children give NEET.  There are 125000 seats in the exam, out of which 6000 seats are in different government colleges, which will also include AIIMS and all the government colleges in every way.  Everyone will come in the state government, there are 65000 government seats and 60000 private college seats. If you listen carefully, if there are 1.25 lakh seats, then what do you think, if 24 lakh children are sitting, then around 62500 people with reservation are sitting.  There will be 62500 non reservation general idea, if you think it is ok then all types of children will give the exam in general category.  SC, ST, OBC, the whole world gives it, okay, then a merit list will be made in it, for all the 24 lakh children who will give the M exam, there will be one for them and one for 24 lakh. Okay, so according to the rules, what do you think will be the rank of the person?  He takes his seat in any medical college, you pause and try to write, now brother is top 1.25 lakh, so it is possible that the one in general category got 1.25 lakh rank but he missed it because his  So, there were only 62500 seats, so it is of general category, so if you have got 70000 rank, then it is okay, then you will not be able to take the seat in 62500, no, that is the same thing, you will not be able to take the seat, yes, you are absolutely right, because there are so many seats, so that is it. It was 62500, 70000 was for general category and OBC SC ST reservation people, they also have 62500 seats only. Even they don't have 6 lakh seats. Yes, yes, maybe they will be settled till 2 lakh 2.5 lakh rank. Such people will believe that 3 lakh should be put till how many marks. Hey, 650 660 number is out of 720. You can get medical college in 650 660. If the cut off for general category people is given by the government on that day then it is a problem with the grace marks but I am telling this from the example of the previous ones in general and SC ST.  And in the OBC category, this thing which is 650-660 is dependent on OBC, so if you reach the limit of 620, 630, 610, 600, 590, the government colleges settle all of them, no one goes below that because no matter which category you belong to, that much is your cut off.  If the person who got the number below that number does not go, then according to the law, all the people in the rank of 2 lakh to 3 lakh should be eliminated, but brothers and sisters.  The one who gets a rank of 11 lakh or 12 lakh is also getting admission. The one who gets 110, 120, 130, 140 marks out of 720 is also becoming a doctor. To get 120 marks out of 720, you will have to work very hard. Do you know if you brothers and sisters?  Even if you try your best and there is some negative marking, you can still get 170-180 marks. I am telling you mathematically, you have worked hard to crack 120 and selection is taking place in that too. How is this happening and who is getting selected in this? No SC is going in this, no ST is going and mostly OBC. People from rich families are not going here. I want to tell you that the fees of private colleges ranges from Rs 70,800 lakh for a 5 year course to Rs 1.25 crore.  If there is a separate quota for NRIs, then these people are not sitting with the money, they are not the ones with reservation, they know the number, it will be less, they go to the government, the one which is 60000 in private, the entire reservation is at 9080 and especially which is more expensive.  That is of upper caste people and rich people, all the rich people of upper castes are running the world and this is whether you are poor people or middle class or lower middle class, this is fighting on caste and reservation. And here is a world of clear cut rich, rich will get richer, father, radiologist, mother, gynecologist, son, Pedit Bhau, the same pathologist from some other department, the whole family, the same affluent family, the whole game is being played with money, doctor sir, to sit in the hospital. Must be that degree is being bought to run and these people are more dangerous than many people because brother, my child from ST with 610 is much better than 150 every day. Now the dark truth has come to light about the rich child of Rs 140-130. Now you have started crying that they take you for Rs 50, hey brother, what is the second thing like this here, now after leaking the papers, so many papers are getting leaked here.  These paper leaks must be due to money, so whoever has 20 30 40 50 lakhs, someone is saying that if the paper is being leaked for 60 70 lakhs, then again it is the people with money, this again means the people with money are on top.  The whole game is of money and it will be shown to you that they will give you this job through this video with a lot of love, affection and sincerity to my audience and to the general public of our country.  I want to say, brothers and sisters, if a 10th pass leader's son in Bihar gives you a job and you make him a king, it is not right, you make a politician a king and he will give you a job by begging and will play reservation reservation and you  You will go to their seats, go towards the king, he is sounding like Awadh Hoja, yes, it is right, Awadh Hoja also speaks right, you have to become a king, you are not meant to do a job, you are not meant to persuade, you say this, think this, this life.  Now it's not about me passing the exam brother, this is a country of the rich, this is the world of the rich and only the rich are running it. In this, the poor will fight among themselves on different things which you can now take reservation of Rs. 10 per gold also.  The back has come to the one who does not have money, so the reservation is actually at 60. If you look at it that way, because that quota has also come within him, then this is your dark truth that the person who has less money is disappointed, you keep your quota. Pass and these things will play out in many things, which university in Sonipat is the expensive one, the one with money is going there, second thing is the big institute, IIT is where scheduled reservation and all this happens, that paper.  You don't pass because again you have given help in marks in the entrance test but after that you will not get help, after that you will have to take exam, so that is why I am saying this, many people go away, I am trying to tell a society here.  I believe that when the child is not worthy and you send him there and he is not complete, then there is never any benefit from that tag, that is why there is no benefit of reservation, even though you have gone, I am not able to study with you.  To you  If I give all the lectures of Stanford colleges for Rs. 1 per hour, let's say you get Rs. 15000 from somewhere, then everyone can mostly afford it. If I give it for Rs. 5 or even for free, will you become as intelligent? One learning is peer learning.  There is only one thing which can be digested, like it is said that not everyone can digest desi ghee, even purity cannot be digested, so it looks like reservation.  It has been said that I have returned from there after studying, but how are you an engineer, brother? This is causing choler. Again, the message that I want to give to the society in a larger message is that the messages come to me, Guruji, the children are completely interested in studies.  I don't think they are getting NEET done because there is support for reservation, so maybe I can pass the exam, maybe I can pass in 570, but those are my consultations, conversations which I do through webinars, workshops or by going somewhere.  Whatever I teach in colleges or to children or parents, I am saying that if the child does not want to study, you will put him in a medical college, he has to study there for 5 years and then prepare for entrance for PG and then study there. Doctor Saheb has to study for seven years and he doesn't feel like studying and when he doesn't feel like studying then why are you chasing him? Brother, no, he will definitely become something. Oh no, I don't feel like studying now, it's forced.  also take advantage of reservation Even after getting whatever you are getting, you are not able to reach anywhere in life. This is also a truth and a very bitter truth. I don't feel like it. In the same way, if there is a general category boy, he will not be able to crack the exam. Why are you lagging behind? It is him, not the exam, you.  You tell me to your children, should NEET be given to 24 lakh children, should IIS be given to 12 lakh 13 lakh children, should it be given to 121 lakh IIT students, are there so many children of such calibre? Actual competition is in lakhs, if we talk about IAS then they clear 15000 mains and the last list is made of 1000, there is no competition among the remaining 100 people, so 12-14 lakhs fill the applications, it's like giving the exam.  Let's go and the same thing is that there is no competition among all in NEET, this is also a fact and in IET also there is no competition among all.  There is no competition, they are busy preparing but preparing. This is a matter of great pain. Tell me how do you guys feel. Tell this secret of yours. Don't make such a blanket statement everywhere and every time that this one is from reservation and this one is below this level.  There are many of them and they are running more efficient hospitals and more people are going there, I am also talking about this, next time when you have to read a lot of back and forth about the doctor, then just read this that son, where did you get that from?  I have done it and then we will know.  Colleges will come out where these private colleges cost Rs. 1.25 crore and 1.5 crore and ask him, son, how many marks did you get in NEET exam, sir, I got 150, so is the one with 150 marks going to become a grade doctor or the one with 590 or 610, 610?  This is still a very good number. Yes, 650 is much better but the difference of 40 is still equal by working hard and training in college.  It can be done by working hard and catching up, which is the cut off difference of 30-40, but brother, here it has gone up to 150, 130, 120, 110 and whatever figures I am saying, neither will you be able to say anti-reservation, it is my work.  To give clarity, we have to see things as we are, as we want, it cannot happen because one simple factor is talking about reservation, the one who is getting it is saying that.  It is good, the one who is not getting it is saying, this is wrong, this would be very first order thinking, wouldn't it? Apart from this, there would be an opportunity for discussion as to how it leads to does it really help. If it does help then what happens? And what happens next and for how long will these continue and apart from these, how do we have to run the work and how many total jobs are there which are reserved and if all these reservations are stopped or all are reserved.  If this is done, will the problem of unemployment be solved then we will discuss these things. Like Share Thank You Very Much