Hello friends, today's topic is your small world, it will be a little deeper topic, try to understand, understand pragmatically, do not jump immediately, do not do initial first order thinking, none of my videos are beyond first order thinking, that I can promise, okay then you  Look at this, yes we are the only ones we see in a small world in which we can get lost, where there is happiness and peace, where can we create such a world, you tell me, every person wants to create his own world, two or three aspects.  I will tell you by giving examples, when you go to office, it is not your world because in your world you should be the boss, you will have control, then it is not yours, your small world is created when a house becomes yours. You have seen that those who are elderly women.  Those who are in their 70s and 60s do not want to leave their homes, the elderly do not want to go, they enjoy their own world, they have a house, they have planted a pot somewhere in it, some water the basil, a routine has been maintained by a maid.  is and big Many a times even youngsters feel relaxed that it is relaxing, meaning they call mom and dad, come, friend, come, they don't feel like coming because they are feeling happy there, it is good if they are getting like this, most of the people are getting it.  But I have to say that if a new couple lives on the same floor in dad and mom's house, will the new couple's new daughter-in-law and son be able to live comfortably? Will they be able to say that this is our world because in our world there is food. Cleaning will be done according to us. Decoration will be done according to us. Some people have to put paintings, some have to put modern art, some have to put God's photo, some have to put curtains, lights, some have to put chocolates, some have to put golden ones.  There is happiness and peace in one's own world, this is a very big message. One more thing that is happening today, I tell you from the point of view of the mothers-in-law, that now the latest, the latest taste, the latest from the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law's market is very good.  You people will think that the old mother-in-law used to tolerate the daughters-in-law. You will say, Oh no, no, the mother-in-law used to tolerate the daughters-in-law. I am speaking from the mother-in-law's point of view because the mother-in-law who is the mother-in-law today is the one who was also the daughter-in-law at one time. By typing this, Today's mother-in-law, when she was a daughter-in-law, when she used to live with her mother-in-law, her mother-in-law used to tolerate it because the daughter-in-law, queen, make this, show them that they have come, serve this food, make breakfast, okay, do it like this, do it like that, mouth.  things used to happen  If there was a mother in law, we would live together somehow. I mean, I am talking from Sansa's point of view. The mother-in-law had the advantage of keeping her daughter-in-law in the house. Nowadays, the mother-in-law is the latest test. I am telling you that something new is being created.  There is no use in keeping the daughter-in-law, she will not do any work in the house, it cannot be said that there is a generation gap, by the way, let me tell you one thing, it depends on which state of society you belong to, which is still below, isn't there these things which  I am not telling you  Sorted out has taken place but these people who were here 20-30 years ago and have reached here, have been shorted out here. The day they too will be disillusioned and will move up a little, they will also understand, so why? My problem is that I have given the definition of middle class and definition of money to my audience, but what is the problem, if I tell you too openly then they will say that you are becoming classist, you are becoming rich and poor, your subscribers are becoming poor.  I am not saying this because we should reduce the bass and run away, but you should try to understand what I am saying because whatever I say goes to the third order and this video is definitely going, okay it is not going.  I am going to tell you what I want to say, I don't even want to hold my breath, if my sister is irritable, then the biggest things are for peace because this channel is about giving peace, to remove stress and peace, you will have to do something else wise.  There is no one's own little world, as soon as you step out of the house, the traffic does not move as per your wish. Water on the roads, potholes, traffic jams, bad lights. Have you ever got stuck here? Stuck there, not as per your wish. How will the boss treat you? Not as per your wish, no peace, child.  Are you going to school, what are you doing, what is being studied in school, how many marks are you getting, how many jobs will there be in the market, what will be the competition, you do n't know anything, those are the two, four and five walls of the house, those are the rooms, there you can find peace. If  There you have it, you won't tell me all these stocks vs equity vs real estate, this portfolio worth 30 lakhs lying in the D-mat, Russia attacked Ukraine, what sin did you commit and it became worth 20 lakhs, it gives stress, not comfort.  Where will you find it? I do not say at all that do not invest in equity and mutual funds, but the fact is that you should definitely invest, but before that, build a world of your own, build a world of peace and then play all the games because where  You cannot walk around wearing clothes as per your own, you cannot wake up as per your own, you cannot eat as per your own. Someone or the other is looking at you with a judgmental eye and saying, 'Brother, you should wake up early in the morning, why should you wake up in the morning?'  It is not good in a hurry, no, who said it is good, no, we have heard this, oh brother, it is your body, it is working till night, it is tired, in forceful tanto, I am watching what happens to the youngsters these days, you are watching the movie Age.  stars and these  Some TV stars and all that is how the news comes, why are they doing it? You don't have peace because the day you get a house of your own, that day it will be your own world. Earlier, a serial used to come, I don't know, you guys saw Wagle Ki.  I too used to visit the world many years ago. Well, I have not seen much. I am remembering only the name, I am remembering a few episodes. You should have a pattern, routine, there should be peace, there should be a corner in your house where you feel relaxed, there you have that.  whether a rocking chair is placed  You sit there and drink tea, look, I am talking about something that gives deep relief, that cannot come in a place where there is a lot of lack, that place is judged by being shared by other people, too many other people unnecessarily people, okay parents, yes parents too because  That is the world of parents. It will not take two minutes for parents to say this. It does not take two seconds to say. You say this is our roof, you live with us, it will happen according to us, the day you said it, then where?  If you go and you have taken a joint loan and that property is worth one crore but you have taken 20 lakhs, then from where will you get the 20 lakhs, which room will you take with you, then be very clear in life, you will settle your world on your own.  How can you take these two rooms, Modi ji, that our Prime Minister should have this house, how is the psychology, because it is linked to Gujarat, okay, psychology, let me tell you what is behind it, okay, I too have lived there for many years.  The psychology is that when a person has his own world, even if he is a laborer level person, he gets a room, then he feels like he has got a good cot of his own, he has got a carpet of his own, he has got a small TV, he has got a cooler, then Economy grows unless you have your own world, what will you install? Tell me, your wife wants the curtains which are of light color and your mother has installed them. She will not let you change them because what happens sometimes is that son, understand that this is your own house.  They say that if you have to work for work, then son, consider it your home, rest of the rules will follow ours, you understand that a man can consider his home as his own only when he can do anything as per his own in that house, not him.  This can be done. Where will the cooker be kept inside the kitchen? Will it be of 2 liters? Will it be of 5 liters? It is the mistress of the house who does the decision making. Eggs will not be cooked;  A person gets some peace by doing all these things, when you have kept two couples, you have not established your own world, then let's imagine, all of you eat non-veg and your wife does not eat, your parents eat, you also eat.  Maybe your wife is getting distracted or vice versa. If you live alone in a world apart from her, then a husband can easily adjust to his wife and say, ' Okay, I am out with my friends.'  I will do something, you don't like it, it won't be made in the kitchen, you shouldn't feel but I love you, that adjustment is easy, adjustment between husband and wife is easy because it is happening at a very simple level, it is not happening at a bigger level. Similarly, if husband and wife propose.  Some people eat and drink differently, there is a different system, they can't do it in front of their in- laws, their parents, and then where does the world settle down? I want to tell those elderly couples, brother, you too are not happy, don't think that by forcefully keeping your son and sister together will be a great achievement, your space is also being taken away, you cannot fight openly for yourself.  The mother-in-law is not able to fight with her husband. What happens to the mother-in-law? What is the biggest problem of the mother-in-law? The mother-in-law, who was the mother, used to fight a lot with her husband, like all women fight and the son used to see it every day, but when the flow comes, then the mother-in-law. She cannot fight in front of him. If she fights every day, she will say, 'Dude, if you fight then why wouldn't we fight?' She stops breathing. Many a times, she feels like her husband's frustration and her frustration also comes out on her lips and the daughters-in-law of today.  Brother, she does not take the day, she does not take tension, she gives tension, because in reality, brother, she is also there, isn't there all the forms of goddesses in our country, even the hot forms are worshiped among the women. She is the one who is worshipped, so how did you figure out that if a lady does this then the other umpire will not strike, then when this happens then it is poison in the world and here I will tell only one person who is guilty.  Or two, mother-in-law's mother-in-law and sister-in-law's husband, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law never have any fight, that is, they cannot be blamed, they are bound to happen, they are bound to happen, if the husband cannot give a new world to his wife, then he has no right.  there is a wedding  The message of doing this is that if you cannot buy a house, there are many houses built in India where you can rent them, but you have to live in your own world, you have settled separately, you will not live there, there will be no peace in life, many boys think like this, I can rent 200 Haj.  I will save, I will depend on my parents, food will be cooked at home, I will save Rs.  There are many such boys and many sons, so here I am not in favor of any one generation and not against any one, okay, all types of shapes and sizes are seen and not small, but very big numbers, they have a lot of experience. Parents, you also do not need to be exploited by consultations when the child goes to college and may live alone in a hostel somewhere, he may be working somewhere, he may be working away, he may be doing it here, even if he gets transferred tomorrow.  Will Chhotu be a baby or is Golu a baby? Will you say no? Then how will we pass our time? Your time will be passed by the husband and wife. Then they will say, he is not the husband. What will happen? People will also ask this and the leverage gets reduced. This is also unfortunately the reason for throwing tantrums. Or fortunately, whatever the question is, then you got that world and then an expert from one of your worlds left and then you say, friend, you yourself can settle this world.  As long as the world of only one person can survive in one house, of only one couple, remember this thing and every person wants his own small world, then this is the conflict. If every person wants the world, then maybe some person Brother, you should be given a room, whatever you want to do in it, you can do it, rest in the drawing room, it will be wheel call the shots, if that person is old then you should accept, if you ca n't accept then living alone should be accepted, you have to accept the choice.  that my  If I wo n't be left alone, then I will be in a room where I have to put my photo, do the puja, put the bedsheet, this is my domain, power and influence, the rest is with him and if you say no, then the house is mine, if everything works according to me, then there will be trouble.  It will definitely happen, it will happen 100% because everyone deserves this world, this momo jamo toh nahi laga aayi hope at toh nahi laga, as I felt, tell me, this is a bit deep thing, it has to be discussed peacefully at home, ok, very  It is important, how will the utensils be kept in the kitchen, at what time will the maid come, create lot of issues, she comes at 6:00, the utensils are falling on Sunday morning and are making pum pum pum and when waking up, the irritation level increases, but whose world is it?  For the one who wakes up at 5:00 am to 4:00 pm, it is already afternoon by 6:00 pm, then it is fine for him, so whoever has this world, I will give him many blessings.  I often say that only the film producer decides who will be the hero and heroine. He does not work more than the director. He who has the money will decide, so it is the same thing. Go for your own world. When you are in your own world, sometimes you go and live in someone else's world.  A person from someone else's world can come to your world and stay for a few days and this is how love and relationships remain, but cherish your own world. Thank you very much.