Hello friends, again interesting topic are you going to vote for a squirrel? Now where did this squirrel come from and what is the contact? Let me explain it. We have a popular actress who has recently got the ticket of a big party and she is contesting from Himachal Pradesh.  I got to see an interview of her who is going to fight and in it she said that yes, we are their army and in their army, just as Ram ji had crossed Ram Setu, if there was a squirrel, we are squirrels.  Whatever orders are given, we will follow them, so I want to ask you, the people, that we who are going to elect this MP, what are they going to do in this election that they will follow the orders of any master or  We have to choose our leader who can present our point in the Parliament and put it before the top leadership and for our benefit, even if we have to go against the party line or someone else's, we are choosing the leader. Are the leaders choosing us or are they using puppets? I have great respect for these popular actresses because they speak the truth openly. Honesty is an innocence. Innocence and honesty in itself is very praiseworthy. She is saying this because  No, no, he is a politician, no, he has got the ticket, okay, no, no, he is saying something that no one else is saying, but his actions are the same, all the squirrels.  You are sitting here to mean someone, bring someone as per your wish, don't you want to use your mind? Are the people of Mandi going to vote for the squirrel? Now won't you say something else? Hey brother, do you have to vote for someone with a brain? If not us, then this will be straight. Why have you put the system in me, brother, make the same person stand there just like Trump and Badan stand there, friend, you two finish the work, don't you, this one of ours comes like this, like this, then his small photo, small photo.  Then this photo and then  He is MP then why are he doing this, MP is fight fund, our MP is Sahiba, he is MP Saheb, is there any need to tease him, don't vote for squirrels and ask this question, brother madam please, you have so much talent, you have brains, you also have courage.  If yes, then don't become a squirrel. This video is my request to the public with folded hands, which Madam Squirrel is saying, please reach out to her team, it reaches there, not condemnation.  No one is saying bad words to them, no one is trying to insult women, but with great sincerity and humility I want to say that please 543 of our MPs who go to Parliament are irresponsible of the political party and  Idol ji, he is the representative of the people, he represents the people who have voted for him and he should openly present their issues in the Parliament if he himself  They will portray that we are not your representative, we are the representative of the emperor or we have been sent as Mansabdar in the Mansabdari system, then this will be a mockery of democracy, this will not be democracy, this is the message, so please do not select Gil Harries and ask that politician who  I am standing brother, what will you do? I will bring AIIMS here, build bridges, build roads, bring factories, bring colleges, bring medical colleges.  Will set up to send children to Israel, will send them to foreign countries, will get them skill development, will bring them under some scheme from the government, what will you do, tell me, you are sitting in Haryana, you are sitting in Himachal, if a grand temple is built in UP, then if that thing reaches UP then understand.  It comes to me, if you do something in Tamil Nadu, then brother, what does the Himachal person have to do with the Haryana person, it is not him, it is only one country, so what is the meaning of what you did in Tamil Nadu, the Haryana people would vote for you, the Tamil Nadu person is not giving you anything, you understand.  No, I am talking about you in Kashmir, you have done something good in Kashmir, the people of Kashmir will vote for you, it is a good thing if you do beyond that, why Maharashtra is not one country, hey, the country is not one, brother, we too have our issues.  So the Parliament is being heard only at this time, otherwise why are these videos of polygamy being made now? Why will they not be made after two months? Who will ask? Now maybe someone will also ask, is there any effect once you become a brother and vote for him? After that they got yours for a year  Got nahi poochna Got is short for Gotra in Haryana Ch is like your surname They are not going to ask your surname Who you are where you belong What happened till now they are suppressed All of them will listen Now we will have to listen to them but we  Everyone is going to vote for squirrels. Now what to do? Tell me, will you vote for squirrel? Please type in the comment section and who is your squirrel? Which one is yours?  He is standing in the Parliament, people don't even know about us, we don't know that we are standing, if you want to do this then brother, you should do your outsourcing of this one, you have left everything to one man, it is okay to leave that man.  There is no one person, why his team also looks so average, lack of choice within the country is the misfortune of this country, if not this, then who can get 10 people, 20 people, 50 people, Idol ji. Amrit PK can also be in his party, anyway no one comes, if no one has won for 200 years, then giving so much attention to the squirrels is not right according to me, that is my message, vote will be of course a squirrel or something else, something different.  You choose different types of animals, you have to choose between them, look at the butt, ask questions, why can't we choose people, who can speak nicely, nicely means not like a song, logic if someone speaks  It has been said that I am a squirrel in someone's army, so now if I say so, squirrel madam, what should I do to vote for you? Well, I am thankfully not in the market, the people of the market will have to do it for us, I think the matter is fine in Gurugram. According to me, there is no other candidate B. It's okay, I don't like squirrels here, I'm okay but it's okay F. You will say which one or which one I don't go, we have only one vote, we can't take 10, okay but squirrels  vote for  You should not be a squirrel of any party. At least you have a mind of your own, if not a lot, you have a personality of your own, but what you are saying is right, madam is speaking the truth, she is speaking innocently, she is a new politician, maybe you will teach her something, okay you? Teach me through this video, friend, speak like this, we don't speak like this, even after being a squirrel, there is no need to speak, if you speak then it means someone like us will come and speak like this, and then he will get scolded.  That you should not have spoken like this, the rest is also a squirrel, it is okay but she is not speaking, okay then you also do not speak, but the request to the public is that please see through your leader and see what is his agenda and how can you tell him about your actions.  The issues are, how is it solving them, the arrival of a gas pipeline, the yellow pipeline that comes to the houses in Gurgaon, in many places it is not coming, so this is the actual sewerage issues, waste.  Management issues: Where will your garbage be collected, will that garbage be sent to the sewerage system, what is happening to the environment, what is happening to pollution, what is happening to the stubble, what are you doing? These issues are the real issues and they are important to the public through their representatives.  We have to raise the issue through the one who represents them, everything has been corrupted, he has done it, this one has done it, there is no cure for corruption, whoever has done it, the court will do it.  Will see, the court left it in Gujarat, left it in coal, now it is the turn of Electron Bund, nothing is being written about it, so how long will we discuss it, who did it to whom, who did not even know, those issues which are affecting you are also mentioned.  Especially the middle class in big cities are not even speaking about the issue, they are shouting unnecessary slogans, stop chanting 'Jai Ho', there will be one message of mine in every video, ' Jai Ho' for any politician, don't say 'Jai Ho'.  If you want to say, say Jai Bharat Mata, she is our country and do it within a limit because that too after time or too much of an emotion also de- sensitizes you because these people also come to you and hail them first. This is also a catch, so when the first one says yes, everyone says yes, then they get the second, third and fourth firm done as their own, so don't fall into this trap, politicians.  And avoid going to any rally. If you have to go to a rally, brothers and sisters, then don't go for less than Rs. 000. Actually, I am saying, take Rs. 000 and first take it in advance. If you give the money first, then you will go and stand in the sun.  No otherwise, don't go for 200, 300, 500. Hey, don't send the children by mistake at all. It is okay that they will go from here to there in tractors. Influence your friends that  Friend, we don't have to stand in his tent, this time he himself will come in front of all the politicians, in the Chaupal, in the locality and in peace, in the park, it is a different thing, 100 people, 200 people, 500 but this is a rally, isn't it five five 101 Brothers and sisters, flop those with lakhs of rupees. Make them flop. Be it any party, make them flop because these middlemen are earning a lot of money.  These are the workers, whether they belong to any party, who are taking the money by holding, these are the ones who have to take money from the electoral fund. If you have to take money from them then do two or three Hajj, do not go for less than that. Tell me brother, you are yours.  See, they will definitely blackmail you that I will not do your work, the work is not in their control, India will become like this in the future, even the workers have nothing to control, the work is not done by MPs and MLAs, these workers will get the work done for your workers. Stop sycophancy and if you yourself are a worker of some party by mistake, then it is the worst job. Becoming a worker of any party, becoming a worker of any politician is the worst job. Okay, that should be the core group of 100-200 people, their address is just here.  Now 11 crore workers have become sitting. When 11 crore workers become then no one has any value. If there are 11 workers then they have value. 11 crore have no value. Clapping.  Do clapping, you will sit down to do clapping when the election results come, then you will get to do this disky disky disky disky yeh yeh yeh yeh, if you dance in the wedding, then some son's father will even give you a penny for diski after the election results.  We will discuss, no one is going to give it, it is okay and when laddus are made to win then anyone can go and eat them, if your candidate wins laddu butter then I will stand up, me too  There is no need to be sad because of the fact that they are about to meet, if it is okay to eat two laddus, then have some respect, Jaago Voter Jaago India ka Voter Jaago, as Jaago customers say Jaago, Voter Jaago and in the matter of these two laddus.  Don't go, charge Rs. 000,000 well and go to every party and then tell every party that our rate is fine, whatever they are sitting with is fine, put their rate at Rs. 3000.  Small party's ticket should be Rs. Because there are many leaders of India who do not have money and they have come on record and said that I do not have money to fight, till date I have not understood that if the average of Rs 95 lakh is the maximum expenditure.  The Election Commission says that one MP cannot spend more than one MP and the political party is sitting with thousands of crores and cannot give Rs 95 lakh to its top leader, i.e. to the third or fourth leader, that madam ji should fight the election. Tell them, I don't have money, hey madam, you can't contest university elections, you know you can't contest local councilor elections and do you have the courage to say this, yes, we are like that only.  We will become Rajya Sabha members, we are non-playing captains, we don't see this dust and bustle of Lok Sabha, we do it comfortably like this, so why doesn't he say the name because brother, he is scared, that's why he doesn't speak and I want him to walk in it like this.  Let's go so that we can speak by name, like 10-12 years ago we used to speak by name and now it is not said that you are a thief, you have eaten the money. Okay, so I don't want to go around here Paramveer, people will tell me by name, do n't you know this?  Whose name am I taking then your GK is strong week and you are not in my audience ok thank you very much