This is a very interesting topic and from this you will get to know about a phenomenon of Indian politics. As you have seen, who is the real leader? It is a simple question. In politics, many people act as leaders. Your little leader will be the big leader. There are many such leaders only.  Leaders roam around, whoever is the politician, the real leader is the one who does not have any other leader himself. Understand that like the top leader who is neither our leader nor his, he is the real leader, whoever is the top leader of the political party, he has no one ahead of him.  If there is no leader then he is the leader right now, just like there is a small party in Delhi whose leader is in jail now, then he is the leader, there is no one above him and he does not follow anyone, in the same way you will see that within the states, many  There are small parties which live only in the state, they have their own, like Tejashwi Yadav is the leader, they have no other leader, Mamta ji is the leader, Akhilesh is the leader, I am telling you now under the example of what am I and why am I hinting, this is only.  it would be better to tell Higher order thinking about this will happen, now that we have seen this phenomenon, now even the Chief Ministers of big provinces are not leaders and many have made such Chief Ministers who at some places are nothing, at other places they are nothing, that is, they do not care about them.  A relative, what is a close relative? We consider the wife as a relative. We are very close. Whether the Sarpanch election is won or won, it is like this. I am not saying this in the form of sarcasm to humiliate anyone.  I am not saying this to show that these days it feels a little too much to cause pain to someone, but I am doing it to explain something by the example of why these regional parties will remain relevant in India, because what is a region, if a very  There is a big political party, like the one with topper students, let's assume that it is the biggest political party in the world, now it has a top leader, so the power is the same, there is no other leader, tell yourself that it is a different thing but it is not.  So I don't believe anyone, no one in your party believes, even the public is like this, so what is there in him, the public can't even reach him with a slip, even for my work, get it changed, get this work done for me, not mine, he is a leader, such a big leader.  If these leaders are worth 50-100 crores, that means there are direct people who want 100-140 crores out of 140 crores, then we also know that they do not want anyone but they are very popular so they cannot reach here, there is a lot of system in between and those in between.  Hey chhut bhaiya leader, I say those two things are not there, they can't get it done, like if there is a small political party in the state, then its top leader and then those at the bottom, then this problem is less, you can quickly solve it.  You can reach a relevant person, even if you can't reach a top leader, then you will reach someone on his right hand, left hand, left finger, right finger, that is, you can reach somewhere near him and get your work done, that is why it remains relevant to people because  India What is there in me, people don't have patience and no one enjoys getting the right work done, anyway, it is fun to get something and get something done, only then this is called a money-spending system, which people like us who are intellectuals, like us.  If we do n't want to get the work done then we can come and put it down very easily, this is not good, the audience I have, this is not in life, what is good in life, what is not good, what is right, what is wrong, do not discuss Moral Science  Don't become a teacher in a country where there are 150 crore people and they have so many problems. If I don't have those problems in my life then I can't come here and become a moral science teacher. What are you doing? You are planting forests, what is this? What kind of politics is this, brother, it will continue like this, it will continue like this because these many top leaders keep roaming around, have you seen the electoral bonds, from where do you get direct access if it means 50  There are many such crores that they will not talk to you below 50 crores or 100 crores. There are many such that they will reduce it to that level. There are many such that they will do it with folded hands. There are many such that after taking 20-30 rupees you have gone away.  So Panchayati will listen to you, only then you will see that the states are like the phenomenon of Southern States, see what the House States have released, this is a phenomenon, will not put it in good and bad category because it is true that the complexion should  Will you understand why playout is happening? If the House is a state, they have chosen their own parties. You have seen Kerala and Karnataka, if you see Telangana, Andhra and especially Tamil Nadu, they do not take the big party because their  The way politics is being conducted now, in the Hindi heartland, all the MPs who take the seats do not count much. They have not been counted for many years. When there were coalition governments, their votes used to be counted.  For the last many years, they are not being asked by Dispina, Chhotku leader, Chhotku party and they are settled there because they say, we have nothing to do with you, you and I don't know what work should we get done, if it is our direct work, someone will give us a TV.  He will get this work done for us, he will get it done in some way or someone will give us something in the canteen, and that is his idea of ​​​​dealing with the same, he is not saying only by doing South, if you see Bengal, it is okay, you see Bengal, you are this Chutku.  Look at the party here Look at the different types of gentry of the people of Delhi in Delhi, when the Lok Sabha elections are going on, now we will see what will happen in the Lok Sabha this time, there may be some twist in the story, but what we have seen so far in the last 10 years is that the people of Delhi are in the Lok Sabha.  If they do it one way here and one way in the assembly, then it shows that when they do it at the local level, they need local access, they can quickly reach the leader in their locality and then they can reach the real leader.  Can  If there is a definition of who is the real leader, I told in the beginning that the less the distance from him, the more people will do it. These are the insecure parties. There is a lot of centralization of power in both the top parties of our India. You see, that is also the meaning of the elected Chief Ministers.  From there he will appoint an appointee, he will appoint a Subedar at some place, as they used to say in the old times, you appoint him and then remove him, how many Chief Ministers have been changed, do you know what that means, any regional, whatever.  Whose name comes out like a bully, like if you look in Maharashtra, he was made the Deputy CM. Have you ever heard of any person saying that once he was the CM and then he became the Deputy CM? It means that in India it is not digested that I am.  I have been on this post, I will work under him, but this is a lot of internal politics. Political parties do not fear the opponent as much as the people in the top positions of the political parties fear the opposition party.  Sister is as much in challenge with her party and this is a constant conflict and they are becoming the real leaders because the real leaders are only in less number. If you ask me in India, how many are the real leaders whom you will say are the real leaders, brother, from 152.  Total is not much  It is fun, but according to me, it is not very good for Indian democracy. I will try to explain it a little more so that you can understand this phenomenon. See, as MPs change, tickets of so many MPs have changed. Your MP was fine, you used it. Accessed with the ill will of not voting for the real leader, he was not the real leader, his ticket was canceled in a minute, tell me, the person who won by 6 lakh lakh votes, has he become so bad, will many people now say no?  merit  This is what we have to give to all the people, oh brother, you are not continuing, tell me, I have a tailor for many years, he takes good measurements, his system is good, some will be a confectioner for some, some will be a family doctor for some, I  People also see the gynecologist in the family as the one who gives birth to a child and they say, ' Brother, I too was born from this same person, my child will also be born from this same doctor, this is the same doctor, so that loyalty and that continuity is in India and people.  I remain appreciative and comfortable, as people learn many things from me, so it is not that I am the one who teaches many things, although I say that I am number one, but it is possible that someone can teach me a little better in some things.  That's fine but still people join because of comfort level, understanding level, continuity level, relationship, so now a political system has come in such a way that first of all there is familyism in it. Asked about, but those whose tickets have been cut now, they were not even people of family type, they were the only ones who were real leaders, like one or two or three in Rajasthan whose tickets have been cut, they have joined other parties and are now fighting, now they are obscene leaders.  Who is not afraid of coming here, everyone knows what is happening, what phenomenon is playing out, then these are the real leaders, only then, now I am not influencing anyone's vote here, I am saying this, you see this phenomenon.  In We feel like sitting in big cities in an air conditioned environment and getting our nails done smoothly by applying either polish, polish or cream cream and making them smooth. It is very easy for us. Yes, it is absolutely very easy to say that friend Bihar. Why do you vote for this party? You people of Bengal are crazy, you do it for this brother, he is benefiting from it, he is able to reach there, he is available, he is accessible, he knows that I will speak, my work will be done. Orders will not come from there, as they say, our orders are from here, the chain is short, that is, the chain of command, as they say, between the top and the bottom is short and they also have identity politics, their language is also understood. You must have seen my video somewhere with such colors and sherbets, that local party does not tell you to lose your identity, then if there is a party like Shiv Sena, then there are two factions in it.  Like NCP, it also has two factions and there is a huge comedy happening in Maharashtra, but I think the public has a lot of brains, they will know what to vote for, yes, they will know if the public is okay with it, then local identity and politics.  Whatever is there matters to them, they don't, those elders say, brother, what benefit do I get and the country's people, they say, which of the country, whom should I select, people and local will do it, some two MPs or four MPs from your local politics. with eight MP  If they come, then who are they who are anti-national, they will also do it whenever they see that when it comes to the country, no political party till date, ever since the country got independence, any situation of emergency has come, the emergency is not the 77-75 emergency, not the emergency like that.  I am saying that disaster has come, friend, everyone becomes one, everyone knows that brother, don't do like this at this time and that is a good thing, our democracy is fine in our country, but in the rest of the time, it would have played openly, not in normal time.  So it will happen and should happen, that is why the real leaders are in great demand in identification times, we are fine in election times, although I will make a video on that sometime too, that all this is foolishness, okay, it is very foolish, no astrologers. Politicians should not go too close because I will explain it on Astrology Channel that it does not help anything because you have so many horoscopes of your rivals. Wherever there is competition, I will give a little bit of astrology.  Wherever there is competition, you can be told something in isolation as to how your marriage will fare, but how will your marriage fare in competition with someone bigger, you will have to look at his/her horoscope also, so if you are fighting between yourself and who will win, then brother, both of you should know your real life.  We will have to tell the date of birth and time and if we find out that he is better then we will say that maybe his chances are better but we have not seen the horoscope of the third one who will actually win.  It is never easy, so much time and so much money and so much date of birth and time. The old ones, who are leaders, are born in poor countries, who are poor, all the leaders, their date of birth and time are also wrong, so some  The benefit is not practical and I tell these leaders and their work to stop talking to astrologers, there is no practical benefit, instead Guruji was telling me, predict, oh predict, anything can be predicted.  Where true and false and this will win this will win this who will win answer all can be done although I will predict but I will not use astrology in that Astrology has been reduced to a very small size in this matter Astrology is not made for prediction brother and how will it be predicted? You can predict the future of the chair, so many people are holding elections, 10 lakh people are giving the IAS exam by looking at the horoscope of 180.  You will make a prediction, meaning is it possible, that is your limit, not you, yes, at this time you will be in a good zone, then your performance will be better, but what position you are sitting on, that will become a little more of astrology, I will come back again.  I will come to this in my videos, you will get to visit many places for relaxation and you will get to learn a lot of things, so if you subscribe to the channel then I am explaining that a leader who He is a genuine leader, he does not need the support of the party like I am, it is okay, accept that I want to become a leader at some stage, although from within, sometimes anger comes out, I know that I can talk to many people well, leaders should have the ability to speak, okay.  One should know how to tell stories. Okay, one should know how to talk sweetly. All the work should be done by me. One should know how to understand people's mind well. Okay, one should know how to do all those things. There should be a cunning person inside, that's it.  It is missing just a little bit, rest I have all the ingredients to make the vegetable, everything is good with me, but if that cunning person has brought it from somewhere, he does not want to use the word which starts with H, HA, start it like this. It is H A R Haryana, not H A R A H A R A and then next comes some M and next comes something like this, I am not talking about that, I am not talking about fraud, if I use some good words then that.  so the public You should know how to use and throw leaders because look at the political parties, they use and throw their workers and their leaders in such a beautiful way. They will give tickets, then they will cut you off and they can't even speak, can't even do anything. The other party's small party is a party of justice, yet this one comes in creating a lot of hue and cry.  Those topper students are finger on lips, they are not able to say anything, we are retiring, how many people have left politics in Gujarat, okay, who was our health minister, he is opening his own ENT clinic, okay, what is his meaning?  Made me go through this because of realization, came because of them also realized, friend, it's not worth it, there is no power, there is no respect, there is no one, there is no you, for how long will you love someone like this  If you go alone then anyone can come and become you. This is the best time to become someone. If you also want to become a leader, anyone will be made any time because all those who do not stand in the fields, do not scare, such people are like this. Make anyone stand because the people are the same, we have to vote for them, only they will take care, so the level of discussion between political parties and the country is falling a lot. That is the message, so it is not identification.  Because it is necessary for the future of that country, we need strong leaders and respect of ideals. Unfortunately, if 30-40 years ago, if you had seen that eating khichdi was fine, you would say, this is not good, oh brother, the aspirations and that of keeping the country united.  It is very important that every person should be heard. This whole thing is going on like this, there is something wrong in it, I am telling you in some depth, if you are able to understand what I am saying.  I am saying that every friend is important, there was an ad by Ertel, Every friend of every kind is important, so we need every kind of leader, yes from you, I like this leader's philosophy, idol behavior and this thing view.  Points you can't but you can't say that then it remains only here because you like others will not like but if you have to exist with them then it is like if you go to eat in a hotel then you like dal bhati.  Churma You are a Rajasthani and I may be you no Marwari and I may be a foodie like me so I want dal bhati churma if I want dal bhati churma then do I have to eat dal bhati churma every time I like it so everyone eats the same or do we need a menu  No matter how little, you will have to divert the menu, do n't you think that you can eat this also, Dal Makhani is also there, this is also there, it is like this, it is like this, it happens because we cater to everyone's palette, every person, everything. Well, the second thing is that not all the people can like the same dish in all their lives. It is not like that which is your favorite dish, no one has it, like suppose I like fig barfi, I like fig ice cream, I have been in Gujarat a lot. I know that figs are also good for health but it does not mean that I should start eating figs every day. Fig barfi is also good sometimes. It is also my all time favorite thing.  Whatever happens, it cannot be your favorite all the time, you cannot say that this is the actor, this is my favorite, I do n't want to watch anyone else's movie, there should be no other actor, only this should be my actor and so on.  Let it remain the same and only this should progress and make only these pictures because tomorrow he will go to make big pictures and everyone else will be thankful to you, so you have no choice, so let leaders be there, let dabang leaders be there.  And today we have told you the definition of who is the real leader. The real leader is the one who does not have a leader himself. If there is a leader above him, like us, they live like us, all of them are squirrels, so squirrels are not leaders. Leaders are numbered in every party.  There are no more than two or three in k and