Hello friends, today is a very deep topic, it is a very important topic for the society, of course it will also be political, that is why it is coming on this political channel only and today we will talk about the word attitude. You must have heard the word attitude, it is a different English word, you must have understood that too.  Arrogance is okay or you can say arrogance, its equivalent is okay, then we will discuss that in India, now if you look carefully, look everywhere around you, it is okay, do it like this and look everywhere Public Media  There is a huge lack of attitude anywhere in the space. Lack of arrogance. One, I am talking about common people, I am talking about normal people, one is there is a lot of fear, one is also confidence. If women have more confidence, then we will blame that too.  Arrogance is understood. Recently, I had earlier made a video on Vinesh Phogat. You must have seen Vinesh Phogat ji also tried to paint her something like this. Women will be confident wherever they are.  So only one will be called arrogant, this is also a life, this is the truth of I, the second thing I want to say here is that if you have knowledge then there will be attitude, if you have skill set then there will be attitude, if you have talent then there will be attitude, if you are rich then there will be attitude.  If there is, there will be attitude but this attitude has been broken on this political dispensation and eco system, the result is in this country, even in a country, there is attitude.  It should be there, it is not there because only one person has shown attitude, he has given 56 inches to them only, the rest of the coms are communities who run with attitude on default setting, they will try to crush them also like this.  Me, my personal thing is that our community is like a Jat community from which I also come, the attitude is of a default setting, sometimes I also consider myself Guruji type.  So I see, I am not supposed to be like this much, sometimes I even laugh, brother, sometimes he says like me, I belong to the same community, I take you, so many times, and I talk to you, no, I claim myself as you.  I have to tell people that I am above caste, so I troll even my own people, when someone comes, okay, brother, why are you showing so much attitude, then that triggered me, okay? And I'm and then the other person said that no, I'm not taking anything, I'm alive and that's what set me thinking that wow man, it's really a free thing that I have an attitude.  The people of the state say Bhokal, okay then I do n't want to talk nonsense, that Bhokal is useless and carry a gun and father and mother and all that.  This is ridiculous work, I will never support that stupid things but what I want to tell is that if someone is an intellectual, the governor of RBI is someone, which governor is he? Write his name. Mind of his own is intellectual, so is brother's attitude too.  It will happen and you should be able to tolerate it if you want to take the country forward, it is something like you understand Kattappa, people need Baahubali. Want to handle because Kattappa does n't have attitude, Kattappa, does Baahubali have attitude? Does Baahubali's wife also have attitude? There is a dialogue by Shiva Gami in that movie that if it suits Shiva Gami's daughter-in-law so much, then that's that.  What I'm talking about is you'll find that this attitude causes problems to many people. It's a good attitude. Anybody attitude, I will see a little who admires me, it seems that people troll in religion worm, unfortunately such an environment has happened in our country, but still I have to say, Shahrukh Khan ji, Shahrukh Khan ji has his own attitude, he is a family man, he has money.  I am hardworking, I am from a middle class background, I have a race in it, I have airing, I like it, it's okay and that's what I am talking about.  The person who is the boss in the organization or is reaching a good place or can reach or can get promotion or should reach, that person will have his own attitude and that attitude is no longer liked by the system and the people who know them also look at them as useless. Being proud when there is nothing is foolishness, but our society is becoming such that if a person shows a little attitude, it creates an irritation. I also show my attitude, I am number one clarity.  Many people feel good and many people feel very bad, this is a fact but I want to say this in life, brother, you also keep it, friend, such countries keep some attitude, there should be some truth behind it, there is no nara nara attitude when  I say I am India's number one clarity, give it means that in your life I am number one, if someone is better than me then tell me, maybe there will be someone but you are near him, maybe you cannot listen to him. You have to pay 5 lakh rupees to listen, maybe he is a great clarity giver, I say when I am number one it means in your life, if not then you tell me and tell him who is in your life and if I am not number one  So tell me the truth, whatever will happen in your life, I am wishing that everyone in our country should have at least a little bit of pride. Arrogance is also a thin line. It comes with no performance. And that top leader is a little visible in the government and all those things, one of his own, his own thing is going on, nothing is visible, do a little, show a little, if there is a little, then accept it and now after 10 years, the son-in-law is seeing more.  That friend, nothing can be seen happening and they cannot tolerate anyone else. Now if you talk about attitude, then if you see, many people like the attitude of Rahul Gandhi ji, it was like this and because it was not visible because of so much emotion.  It has happened in this country that there has been such a lack of attitude that now if anyone shows even a little, it feels good. When Rahul ji stands up and speaks in the Parliament, he is a devotee and is absolutely from the ruling party. They also think, 'Come on, I am saying something, yes, you also answer' and then you like that your performance is not good, so this is a welcome change in the country, I just wanted through this video. Bring out this phenomenon that is this attitude. If it is your child who shows attitude, don't spoil it in anything, son, don't be proud, son, let me see what is there in the son, is there anything in the daughter, is there anything like this, there must be a little or a lot of that, you. Someone like our beloved Acharya Prashant ji, who reads Geeta ji very well and then invests some of his own money, he too has the attitude of 'I have read it, you have read it, is it okay friend?'  So we will tolerate your attitude also, no problem, Jaggi Vasudev Sadhguru ji, we will see in him too, if he has that attitude, then it is okay, accept it, start accepting a little, attitude and there may be only certain things and that will come, genuine will come, it is not necessary.  It is coming from something, Ramdev ji many times says that how much knowledge have you taken, what is it, where is the certificate from, so I say to Ramdev ji.  Asking for yoga certificate, Ramdev ji has the attitude that he asks me, he talks to me like this, that too is good luck, sometimes you have to give up before the court vote, you have to write an advertisement and that too, look at every person, he lives on  Despite that, attitude is not a very bad thing and when everyone in the country has it, the country will also have an attitude. If I have seen the biggest attitude, then whose is America vs United States of America?  America, every person has his own attitude, one should be an American, oh wow, very nice, very nice smile, what does it mean that he is average than an American, you look at him, talk to him, look at the movies, look at Hollywood's, look at social media, they approve of the world's very nice very  Good you are doing good man you are doing meaning think like us brother you tu tu laat saab who is taking from you bravo means ok you stay in your attitude if this country  If you want to learn, then learn from Jats. Sardar brothers also have the attitude of ours, I think in a better way, and that is good because it comes with feeling also, I also like that very much, it comes from the feeling that we  Whenever disaster strikes, the first langar Sardar ji opens for our brothers. Whatever happens, they will open there. If they have the capability to do all that, they also have the attitude towards their capability. So what?  If there is a problem then we should learn from everyone, we should have attitude, attitude is a good thing, this attitude is everywhere, if one was broken then the second one became happy, if the other was broken then the third one became happy that it is good, then one day everyone was broken for the last 10 years.  Everyone has been broken, everyone has been made to sit, now no one is happy because no one has anything, now someone shows a different attitude, it feels very good that I have greatness in you, you have spoken big because He made everyone disappointed, it was something like someone used to be the master in the class, what did the old ones do, all the children have their own politics, some children might be bullies, some like this, there are all kinds of people in the class.  Remember, the old ones know better that the school master used to slap and even punish with a stick, then one was punished and the rest were happy, then the turn of the other one came, then the rest became happy, then one day everyone's turn came. Went  Now all the children sat like this and Master ji, I am this Master Dinana Chauhani, I am taking the example of this dirty Master ji, not of the good Master. There are many teachers who are sadistic, you all must have encountered them, everyone has encountered them as much as the old ones.  You must have seen that nowadays a good system is running, all this does not happen in schools, but you understand what I am saying, if any of your brothers is showing this attitude in the country, then you should smile right now.  The picture will come Pushpa Pushpa Raj, that picture is a super hit, there is a first part, there is also a second part that India needs to be Pushpa now, it is okay if it means there should be an attitude, that attitude should come from somewhere among the average Indian, we have outsourced it to a man. According to me, who is that person in the whole country who has been outsourced? Respected Modi ji, for how long can Modi ji carry it, he cannot do it, not just one person, it should be in the whole country, brother, in the whole country. Nothing much against him also but the system was made in such a way that only one person will be cheered, no one else will be cheered even in the party, all of them will be out of the screen, no one will get the footage, it's just me, me, me, not only me, not myself.  Do you like Pushpa? You guys like Pushpa. Tell everyone. So, are we Pushpa? When Pushpa has an attitude, it comes through something. These days, it is the one with the hand and it is placed like this and so on.  That song comes today, Mera Brand Yeh Woh To Kuch Jo Bhi Hai I am not saying that now I will give such an example to people, people will say that he is saying to become a criminal, oh brother, this first order person please go away friend, poet from this channel. You can understand what he is trying to say, now there are many more videos ahead, after thinking first, what are you trying to say, become a sandalwood smuggler, many times you have to act like this and tell that there are many like this now.  You must be writing, he will stop now, he said it, this can also happen, you must be writing, what does he want now, no, I am speaking in a positive way, I am talking about attitude, there should be a good attitude behind it, which should be of knowledge. If you want to learn the attitude from someone, which is mine, off late, whose I am, very few people's I still do not use the word fan, fan, I always say, it should not be late, I am liking.  Some buddy and some buddy attitude is ok, now no one can troll on this and do nothing, Magnus Magus is the one I have said, his second surname will you tell, it starts with C and who is he? He is a top player of chess, look at his reels.  Look at his attitude, look at him, he is amazing, he comes running like this, keeps his style, he is like Golu Molu and brother, it is not only difficult to defeat him, it is impossible, he has lost once or twice.  Parag defeated him but he is very good, he is good and very intelligent, he talks very well, it seems he has attitude but a little bit of that, you follow him and see what you see, he is extremely high IQ, rational  An intelligent person comes out of such things. Any random position will win in chess and he plays very, very well. He has a very good attitude. He is from Norway. Magnus, write the period completely and check. Okay, so this is an attitude that we have to keep. So, those who did not understand from Pushpa's example, then I will just tell you the name of Magnus Carlsen. Okay, so try to understand from her example. It should happen and not a bad thing. It doesn't mean that there will be only one person, he is the only one, we don't have anything, everyone has something, to be confident and thin line is arrogance and let me tell you the difference.  A confidence is a great confidence than over confidence. Arrogance is that without any knowledge, genuine knowledge, genuine means stuff is foam, foam is nothing but air, air is buzzing from arrogance and second arrogance is that you are knowledgeable, what benefit do I get from this, I can learn something from you. Nahi raha hai attitude is ki yes brother I am good yes I am not arrogant I like you but I can't tolerate nonsense it's okay  Intelligent People Smart People Successful People People With Good Skills People With Good IQ People Who Are Achievers People Who Are Oriented Focused Will Always Have This Attitude If You Kill This Attitude You Will Not Have True People Then You Will Become A Stupid Country And Here Many  I am repeatedly made to think that I should not be made to have the attitude that someone is sitting with, if the attitude is this  The point is that brother, if you have to get along and if you want, then this is also an attitude and all those who are following you can live in this attitude and it is okay you are still bringing value to the life of Sambayika it will come.  Guru Tattva will be more, Guru will be one among all Gurus, normal people call it a word pride, I call it attitude, I call it Guru Tattva, and will be and will be until it is not there. Till then he can't empower you. Till you understand like this, I will say that I do n't have much intelligence, I am very weak like this, come, don't learn anything from me, it is something like that your instructor is mack, he is a legend, he has got five kills. This air to air combat is what we are going to teach, then this generation of students sees it like this, you are good, then we have to give again, just to prove. Attitude does not work. Today's generation is Janji, they are like us, I interact with them a lot, first of all they are like, ok, you are Guruji, tell me this, ok tell me this, ok tell me this, then it becomes like this, but  Wants some power, needs power without power, the one who is carrying the attitude is a crazy butch arrogant man, I hope I told you as an example and now every man will write about me in the comment section, who is listening till now.  Will you go towards attitude and is that something that you can have an attitude about, knowing how to cook good food is also an attitude, whether a woman knows it or a man knows it, a woman knows it, she can keep it, like I make potato pots.  I am not like this, no one makes it, so after making it up, there should be something, there should be potatoes, otherwise tea, that tapri seller is a tea seller, he is thin to the size, has big hair, he is like this, who serves tea to Bill Gates?  the one  I am remembering his name, I am like this, what do you like about him, we liked his attitude, he has style and skill too, brother, it is coming out like me, even if you burn your hands while sifting, then the skill is definitely there.  If someone is putting it like this then the skill is definitely there but he is also adding some value, he is doing entertainment, he is having fun, it feels good to see him, then if such people have style then they have to make everyone like them in life. Attitude is not the inheritance of one person, in this country other people can also have it, you people can also have it, this is a free country, there is democracy, there is freedom, have fun, enjoy, then how many people will be inspired by this, now they will bring attitude to enjoy and if they search for it then bring it in something.  And brother, if there is no such thing in your life then create something like I am Ludo champion, snake and ladder champion is ok or I am card champion, food champion, anything my friend.  No one can do it better than me, no one can do it better than me, do something, I hope you will like it and these are abstract topics, no one makes, no one explains, it is necessary to make and tell, in this way the country can move forward.  If you think it can be done then please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.