Hello friends, very interesting topic Aukat and the Great Indian Comedy Circus, although world comedy has been done but there is a lot of sadness in it, it will be known through the video, it will be fun and a little consciousness will also be awakened, okay today if you watch the Indian setup, Indian  If you look at the setup, here we all are busy in showing our status to everyone. Let me tell you as an example: Girls are showing status to boys. Boys want to show status to girls. Husband is showing status to wife.  The wife is showing her status to her husband. The mother-in-law is showing her status to the daughter-in-law. Along with her status, the daughter-in-law is also teaching law. The master is showing his status to the servant. The employer is showing his status to the employee. The employee is showing his status to the employer. 70 hours  We will not be able to do this, we will not be able to do this, parents are showing their status to their children that they will not get property, you do not work with good manners, this is  Children do not do the opposite, they are showing their status to their parents. So if you do something like this, then we are going to Canada. Parents are showing their status to their children. Children are showing their status to their parents. People of one caste are showing status to people of another caste.  They are showing what fraternity is, now I will tell you what fraternity I am saying, one fraternity is showing status to another fraternity, the policeman is showing status to the lawyer, the lawyer is showing it to the judge.  The IPS people are telling the IAS people that we come here to earn money, we collect it from the government, we IRS are saying that basically everyone is showing off their status and you are saying that youtube1 comes and sparks come out. Everything is like this, the public is busy, doctors are showing it to NursesLabs, NursesLabs 's own work is going on, mine is better, mine is white, mine has good written on it, my old one is  Your new, your like this, mine like this, your useless, my good, my great, your small, my followers, more, yours, less, here, more, there, more, here, more, these will show more status and these news people too and India has shown status to Pakistan, the country is also showing status.  States are also showing their status, one by one, you will see in your country, States, I will not give you water, I will show you your status, and if flood comes, I will leave your water, okay then this.  Smoke will be rising from your place, smoke is rising from there, I can't breathe, I will show you my status only then the states are also showing their status among themselves, all people have one meaning, whatever talk city you are saying, what you are saying in life or  That thing is no more, that taste is no more, that fun is no more, the sorrow has spread, this is a toxin brother, this is a business of showing off your status, stop enjoying this status, stop showing yourself off and everyone is yours.  Know your status, if your stomach is not cleared, if you have constipation, please eat some roughage, eat some figs, take some raisins, fix your stomach, pay attention to your health, pay attention to your child, you are not getting a job anywhere, you are going to fight to play religion, you are roaming around in caste.  If your child is not getting a job then you are wondering whether he can get some benefit of reservation or if no one gets it then it will be applied only then you should check that your child has the same number of marks or just half of them. It was only a number and it was going to be created by that, so much negativity and toxicity. Ever since Covid came, something has shaken up in the world, there has been shaking in our country too, something has shaken up and due to that shaking, the old one has become its own.  The thing was that the old thing is no longer my own, is this also a fact or not, please tell me but when you see this everywhere, all the videos in which he bit her, this showed him his status, today he came to know his status this  think everything and see  We will have to stop doing this completely. Gender is showing status to each other. It is visible in the cast. It is visible in religion. It is visible in jobs. Someone who has become something is showing status to those who are not going to become it. Those who have not become are showing their status to those who are going to become. He is also showing his quotation to everyone, which is called setting everyone, I have set it, if you put so much energy, then there will be no taste in life. Look at this show, look at the show, see the world doing it, don't do it yourself and the world.  Whatever you do, they will try to show you their status. Everyone see their own status. How much work is enough for me, how much can I invest, how much can I eat, how much exercise can I do, how can I handle the relationship.  I will teach these things in great detail, beautifully and very well in my iconic course Happiness Course 2.0 in the end of November, you will have 2 hours of WhatsApp chat over a period of a month.  If it is weekly or fortnightly then he can take ₹ 2500000. If he does well, then most of the attention goes here. When a person's focus is on increasing his own status, then there is no need to show, explain or humiliate others.  If you show such a big status that no one causes any trouble, then if you go on that path then this business that is going on is comedy, it is very strong and there is a sadness behind the comedy, all this is done to show status to everyone.  I am busy in parking the car, I will show it to you. There is no parking inside the house. Outside, one neighbor is showing it to the neighbor. You don't know who I am. Politicians are visible everywhere and are being shown their status. The public will show the politicians their status to the public.  Someone is showing off to someone else, the party leader is showing off to the big ones, those who ask more questions are being shown their status somewhere, then they are showing their status that brother, we are just bags and bags like this.  Taking the frame, we also know something about you, all the people are revealing everyone's secrets, that is, everyone is showing inferiority to everyone and ultimately everyone is saying this, then what is right in this, who is intelligent and who is sensible, many people are not able to understand this thing. Competition is the whole competition in a job. Whoever is the head of the department is showing his status to the people below him. Within your schools, the principal is showing his status to the teachers. The teachers are showing him. Then in the parent teacher meeting, the parents go and show their status to the teachers, everyone is showing it to everyone, this is so much negativity, we as society have to first accept this comedy, this comedy is going on and then it has to be stopped, brother, who is showing it to whom, why?  Yes, you will show that this is the word of social media, which has been promoted by this news channel and they show that we showed this to this, this one showed this to this, now everyone is holding that thing and showing it to each other. Realize your self, do your own introspection, look at yourself, where you are rich, where you are going, what you are, so much energy in the external situation, what you are extracting, you will not reach anywhere with this, there is a little bit of criticism, there is some dialogue.  There is dialogue in dialogue, you are contributing in dialogue and for that you cut someone's point, that is not showing status, showing status is like, above this, just all, all.  You have come to the stage of saying something, there is nothing to do with dialogue in discussion, there is interest in dispute whereas there should be interest in dialogue, so how many of you are for dialogue type dialogue or dispute, those who enjoy it are very good.  If there is fun in dispute, then there is no dispute, we only enjoy in dispute, we enjoy in showing our status, we have to show our status to everyone, these people have shown our status for so many years, now our turn is coming, now we have to show them our status.  Will you tell me their status? Will you tell me then where are you reaching? I told you then yours has increased. If everyone is telling each other, then look at yourself, go in the mirror, what is your status, what is your net worth, bank balance, assets, your intelligence, your appearance.  Look at where life is going, look at your status and keep it as yours, then when you know yours, then what is the problem if someone is telling you about you, you know that yours is mine, now he is showing yours below and above.  He is showing me, he is taking me somewhere else, you are saying, friend, don't show me, do I know mine or do I know about mine, I am roaming around with the numbers of my life, so everyone focus on your numbers, subscribe to That's the Message channel. Otherwise, subscribe, very good feedback is coming, share the messages and those who want to take happiness course then h2 on the number given below.