Hello friends, recently we saw during the rainy season and every year we see all the religious places in our Uttarakhand, these are the ones inside Wayanad, we got to see land slides, generally we get to see a lot of nature's wrath inside the hills.  These days these videos are made from somewhere or the other pan India in this season and there are more of them and there are a lot of deaths too, so I want to ask one thing about it here because when I have done the research I have reached there.  I am talking about Wayanad, it is not my research. Don't say that no, there is Congress there, that's why you do. Wayanad, I believe is not a religious tourism place, it is okay and that too now green will come in it, which is a very good thing.  Yes, but I should include that also, I should also include Goa, I would also like to include religious tourism and other tourism as well. I want to tell this that these mountains were built not for the infrastructure of tourism.  They thought that hotels should be built here and so many people would come here and in religious tourism, I am also an astrologer and I also understand and explain religion and all our pilgrimages were built in this spirit. What is pilgrimage in your opinion?  Those of the 12th house or the ninth house of religion, by mixing both of them, it becomes one thing that you do penance or somewhere you have difficulty in going into that thing, only then it becomes a value, if we are so good there.  If we build infrastructure and roads and tunnels inside the mountains and balance the ecology, then people called tourists reach there. There is a difference between pilgrims and tourists. You understand that tourists will also go and drink alcohol.  Will also create a stir, will do all the work and we watch small reels and videos. We go to all our religious places and see that be it Kedarnath or Badrinath, there is something strange happening there.  They are among the poorest of the poor and are dancing like this in a strange way. They have created a new system and the trustees of the local temple, the local priest, whatever you call the local administration, they are there.  There is a lot of opposition to crack down, but this nuisance is not ending. Now what is happening as a result? So many hotels and tourism and all these things have come up there that the ecology has already been shaken.  That Jhanga tower is where children play, otherwise if anything happens, it falls like that. No road was to be built there. No, otherwise, what development will not take place there? The hills do not want it. They are unhappy with whatever bare minimum is there for them. Could have done this much, tourism cannot be increased everywhere, keep a little adventure also, they will add this everywhere, they will add that, they will add that there, they will add this tunnel rescue, had seen how with so much difficulty they are making this and that achievement everywhere.  Tell me about Char Dham Yatra, after doing this journey, it is a typical one, I am very fond of Gujarati but it seems to me to be a very wandering culture of Gujarati or not, we have to go very easily because there is no physical fitness to climb, I am not painting everyone.  I am telling the butt age, I am linking because the top leadership there comes from the same state, that push is from there and I have also been in that state a lot and I have many friends and dear ones and they themselves also speak Amit. brother it's just like this  It should not be there, it should not reach everywhere, reach everywhere, tourism is not a matter of tourism, it is that, it is faith, there should be a degree of difficulty, like the temple of Vaishno Devi is ready made, ready made, ready made, that kind of essence you  Look, giving one facility and making it in such a way that no one knows how anyone can come here at any time and that is the difference between the two things and it is very difficult to balance the ecology because there is always someone there.  Someone  Will go and all those doing business will come. Local people are very irritated because they are not getting any direct benefit. All the big business houses and business ventures and five star hotels outside you reach Ayodhya. What benefit is the local getting?  Yes, I see why we are suffering here because we lost because whatever land rates increased and which plots were cut, which groups, which hotels, which businessmen, who got contracts, only they benefited.  What happened is that they are left there only to ring the bell, nor are the local people left there just to ring the bell, the outsider will come just to ring the bell, all the people throw garbage and do so much dirty, yes, we are so dirty, I mean, perhaps some rule has come out in Himachal now that tourists  If we come, we will bring our bags and carry with us whatever smell we spread, we will not leave it there in Himachal, we will have to make these strict rules, we will not be able to live anywhere, in fact the rest of the foreigners would just call us out.  They are our bad ones, but we have a lot of difficulty in saying this in religious places. Some are here, there is a waterfall, some are mountains, there are beer bottles lying there, they are eating their food upside down, they are wearing clothes upside down, why are you spoiling the vibes? Yes, yes, then we are included in this. I myself am a religious person who follows religion very well. I said that I am a professional astrologer. I also make a living from these things. I don't go myself. I don't say.  Go there, I will add to it, I have a lot of respect for Shivji, I love him very much, I have a lot of respect for him, but I am so sure that I will not go there and destroy that place, pick up the car.  Let's take our 10 people and go there, let's go here, four money in our pocket, let's misbehave there, stay in hotels, hotels and hotels and hotels, and what is ours, see, we have done the same thing in Goa, those five star hotels too.  Is  They are also cheap because in India our class system is not such that there are four hotels only that many and they go to the control way and they say there will not be four to six hotels, one is a hotel for the rich and one for the upper middle.  One belongs to the upper class, one belongs to the lower class, one belongs to the poor, Dharamshala, it is not like this, there is no control, no one opens something, opens something and then the cry comes out, oh we have been robbed, oh we are dead and everyone has to go even in the rains because hotels are cheap.  then there lines lines  There will be more mutiny and administration will be done. Local people always know that yes, mutiny is going to break out because they are there. This linear slide is not like it is happening today, I am telling you that it was always happening but now it has increased more because of you.  So much of their mountains have been cut down and there everything is ecologically ruined, now the local man knows what will happen, he will not go to die, more than half of them will die, those who are taking selfies with their faces raised.  And they will go in this season because they get hotels at half the rates. At less than half the rates, we are walking on foot even from the mind. It is a very big country, that is fine. We are walking on foot also from the mind. We have to save money also, a leech.  Pana is the word which I would use meaning which I don't want to use but this is the one which spreads dirt, there is no intelligence, there is no situational awareness, there is no fear of dying, we are okay somewhere  Will go to such a place and then go there and open their mouths and then what will happen after that, these pilgrims will get trapped, now Air Force helicopters will be called, now NDRF team will be deployed, now they will come, now they will come, now army will be deployed, the same work is being done everywhere.  First of all, spread the dirt, use your brain, not your mind. Is there a politician who wants to do politics of four vote banks? He will create a thing at one place which should not have been created, then he will reach the point of madness, which will not go anywhere.  It was necessary and we will reach that time when we should not have gone at all, then use the system of the country, use its helicopters, then you use the army, use NDRF and then take a photo of it and then say how good it is.  Everyone worked and everything is so good, I mean, no one will ask, Hello brother, this raita was in the first place, why was it in the first place, no one is going to ask questions, why did this happen and not this? Ecology has deteriorated, this is the changing thing, hey, you go and build Jhanga Tower, you have built a tower, it is fine, you go into it and say no, I will build it and I will build it, you take it out, it is a children's game, you must have seen it, if it is okay.  They keep making blogs like this, then you shake it, if the wind comes, it will fall, then you will say, oh yes, this wind has started blowing more these days, it did not blow earlier, oh everything used to happen earlier also, earlier also this land slide used to come but  There was no one there to die, there was no one there to make a video, then something came, nature used to fall on its own, then something grew there, then there were animals, only then there was a little space to settle down everywhere, there is a little space to reach everywhere, this is Australia is such a big country in size that this crazy bunch of people can reach Australia sitting in six cities or even reach somewhere in the middle or do not live so far in between. Tell me how can they reach everywhere, haven't they tried? Do research, I am all in the pole.  Like Rathi ji, I will not be able to make a video with 15 people in the team, but if you understand what I am saying, then good citizen, stop going here, the same incidents happen every time, otherwise we will roam around, yes, how? Take a tour of the desert there, there will be no landslides or fruits, go there in winter, we feel like going to the mountains in summer, go to Switzerland, and you are trying to promote outsiders, no soft power too.  is made  You will also bring four knowledge and after going there you may get a chance for a job or a chance for a business. Otherwise, it has been said here that we have to promote locally, someone for a local man, promote for a local man.  This is not happening at one place. Let me tell you openly what happens many times. Tourism worth Rs. 500 crores is happening there. There is destruction of Rs. 5000 crores, which will all be a blind slide. Then this hotel gets washed away.  The men got carried away and then the NDRF team, if Rs 5000 crores have to be destroyed to make a business worth Rs 500 crores, then it is not called a business, it is called a loss, it is called Bawli Butch, it is better to spend Rs 500 crores somewhere outside, make gains from there and go outside.  Go earn foreign exchange from there and send that exchange back to India like Gujaratis and Keralites send, the political ideals of both are different, Kerala.  And you also know the religion-worm system of Gujarat, secular and this-that who talk like all the idols are different, who is BJP inside Gujarat, you know their idol for how many years and who is Congress and CPI inside Kerala. Their idol is completely different but the people here are doing the same work, they nurture their state, make them rich, do good, Gujaratis do it in India also, the difference is that the businesses in Gujarat are relatively  It is more than Kerala, but tourism is also there in Kerala, it is okay, but there are a lot of educated people in Kerala too, okay, so this can be done, you can go out, earn a lot of money and start your own business or some such venture.  You can start it at home, the family members are happy, an illiterate, sorry, educated boy is preparing for the exam here, the child is not earning anything else, better than that, the parents will say, son, you go out and earn money, some parent 80  He is not turning a year old so soon, he will probably need it when you will be 80, now he is only 55 years old, you can live comfortably for 15, 20, 25, 30 years, earn money, when the money comes, then money has to treat someone.  The child has to do it, the doctor has to do it, whoever has the money, someone comes to see, the problem is that there is no money, no one comes to see for free, if the poor have problems, then go to these places.  Go and stop going, they will be saved and what about nature, let me tell you one very good thing about nature. You can make a garden anywhere, garden is fine, plant different flowers and plants in it, make it very beautiful, cut the grass every day, keep a gardener. Plant four-five fava etc., it is beautiful, it is fine and you leave it for three-four months, leave it for six months, do not do anything in it, it will completely rot, it will completely die and the tree will fall and rust will come, so this means rust is nature will always. RECLAIM If you leave the forest, you don't have to go and water it. In the forest, give water, cut some leaves, trim them, no, it comes on its own, then nature is never disturbed, we are very birds about nature, nature is so.  Brother will adjust on its own after cleaning you, nature is not going anywhere people are very worried about mother earth no no no be worried about yourself don't trouble mother earth mother earth will kill you  You will fly away, nothing will happen to Mother Earth. Life on Mother Earth is an issue. We have to save ourselves, so do n't do such things by going there. Stop going to the hills. Stop going to the most remote places where there is ecology. Stop going in the rains. Give it okay, go anywhere with your face raised, then say come to save us, this has happened, this has to happen every time, and now the same scenes will be seen and that water is coming, water is coming like this, here, here, now.  these many people  Well, my thoughts were tantrums in real estate, I used to say never buy a place in the hills, I have been saying this for many years, before real estate, I have a separate channel, I am guiding people in it, my videos are still lying there where I  These tourists have been guided and do not take the place of Pahadi Puri, your entire ecology will become like this, then it is not worth living there, do not live there, it seems that you cannot live there, then there are sewerage issues there, water has come, land slide has come.  Went  Dirt has come, disease has come, cholera, cholera, any disease can spread here, there can be issues of water sanitation, there is no sewerage pipe system there, how will the pipe go like this in the mountains, in a ground, you have water and this is like this.  Put it there, pay it is not easy, if someone is here, then how to pay it by pumping, it is not easy. One who knows even a basic logic means there is no need to know much physics, you do not have civil engineering.  It is very difficult. Maintenance of sanitation in the mountains is very difficult. Be it drinking water, sewerage or any such things, please go and avoid them. And if you are fond of traveling too much, then earn four more paise. Go out and gain knowledge.  Do it and take a good photo and learn how they live decently and get a job there and do good for your country. It will be a good service and these hills.  That you don't worry about your hill brothers, many of them are employed in government jobs, the government is also taking great care of them and they know how to live their lives. Even when tourists did not go there, they used to live very peacefully even today.  Ask them whether they are benefiting a lot from tourism. They say, what are we benefiting from? Which hill is this hotel? Which Uttarakhandi 's hotel is this hotel? All the hotels are here. Now, the hotels of which place are there? Which local man came to the hotel from where? The local man is selling clothes there like a Chhotu. Yes, he is selling clothes, so at least he is earning from it. He would have done something anyway and even if you did not have a hotel. He would have lived, he was living earlier also, his ancestors were living, you don't do any favor by going, or on the contrary, you earn money and invest it there and go there and destroy the world, then as a good citizen stop going, I am saying this.  remained  I am a very ecological free place and what they say is, don't go when you get the call, which happens in Vaishno Devi, neither the mother has called you, let's call you, the mother has called you, so if it happens then please go, but forcefully yes.  Yes, this time yes, I have to go, let's do some work while sitting, it's okay, start roaming around in the mountains, it's okay, don't do this thing, don't do this thing, the country is suffering a lot, there is no benefit, I am telling you, no, that  to local people  Local people will take care of their own, no, those taxi drivers are local people, no problem, they will take care of theirs, if we refuse, it will never go to zero, but only if we create this kind of awareness, we will be able to control ourselves a little otherwise.  When everything is washed away there, the taxi driver did not become rich, he lost everything, his house was also there, he had to live there, then again the car ran away, what was left of the one who was driving, which government taxi is there when the car is washed away?  gives  If you buy it again, it is causing a lot of loss, so I hope you will understand this video, share it, like it, thank you very much.