Hello friends, this is a very deep topic. It is very important. Many people will gain knowledge from this. The topic is, 'Polytan makes people do wrong things. This is the issue of many government employees, call it corruption, call it Nimap, call it an issue. Those who are outside the government, they are treated like this.  Let's see, the government people themselves are very worried. This comment also comes to me in the comments. If you wish wrong, the politician gets transferred, then beyond this, I am going to give clarity to this topic. I am going to tease, it is very easy to say in the media on news channels that the government is corrupt or corrupt or the government employees are corrupt or so. We understand its phenomenon. We understand the compulsions because it is like this in life and what is there and what to do.  And if you are facing this then what should you do, how should you tell, it would be great, before that I have a request, I used to put the request at the end, I forgot to do it, so I will do it at the beginning. Please subscribe if you see this. Because this content will be seen more, this kind of thing will bring a lot of awareness in the society, what is the bitter frustration, compulsion and hopelessness will reduce, so please subscribe and add one or two more subscribers to your close family and friends.  There is a request in the beginning itself because it increases the profit when the subscribers increase. This is a very good content line. Let's discuss it further also in the depending on seniority department. Like most.  There are those below, Group D, Group C, Group B, Group A. Many officers complain that if the politician speaks like this, otherwise we will have to do it. And what is the fear? The fear is not actually the fear, it is not about the posting, the fear is that it is wrong.  Even if you do work, there is a fear of getting trapped. It is not that there is immunity. If there was such immunity because it is changing, then 1015 years ago it used to be like this: Politician said something wrong and you did it.  If you are his friend then don't get trapped and he used to do this, he used to do this to politicians and those who are in government and officials, he used to do this many years ago but now this latest thing has come, this politician will also be thrown like a hot potato.  It will also get inside, it doesn't have that much power, so it can't give you any immunity. You also know that this is the only problem, otherwise where was the problem? 80 90 Where was the problem before?  152 years ago or before, there was no problem that if you do this you will die and if you don't do it you will die, that is why there is a problem, otherwise what was the problem, then the biggest problem is that if the friend does not do it then he will take away his wife and children.  We are studying, we have a wife and children, our children are getting educated, we will have to stay away, we will have to live in a small town and we will have to do ups and downs, life will be complete like this and if it is done then file for 1 year.  It will open even after 2 years, 3 years, 5 years or it can open even after three months and it will not take any hand, it has no authority of its own, this has also become a truth, whatever level of pressure any politician puts on it today.  They do this by someone of their own, they will get the ticket next, they have no status, there is no such powerful leader left that they say yes, we are the top, they themselves do not know, even the CM does not know that his chair will remain and you know the Chief Minister should also be changed.  So much  You must have seen which parties change how the officers are posted in two-three years, the normal ones are posted in a hurry, the posted ones are done sooner, the CMs are also changed, this one was changed, this one was changed in the middle, this one was changed in the middle, like this you also changed.  You have seen that no one has anything, there is a lot of stress in this time and it is a matter of concern for the government employees, that is why I am saying that when we discuss this in the government, we will discuss it in the future as well. Now the video is playing smoothly because  If it is affecting your life so much then less  If I bring such videos, just like the topic of bringing those videos. Those who are not directly affected themselves should understand the pain and helplessness of the government employees. First of all, the government employees have to bring this thing out and bring it out only. Not in my comments or by joining me, everywhere and you can send this video as an awareness shield that yes, this is the truth that if you don't do it, then you will get angry, what is a politician dispeller, what is a wrong thing, it is not that it is a very wrong thing.  Someone says that it is not a very wrong thing, but basically what is the wrong thing which is not according to the procedure, it is a shortcut, whatever is a method, there is a protocol, there is a procedure to do things because the politician does not have the patience and especially this video.  This becomes important because the elections are coming now, now there is less time left in the elections, so many people are in a hurry to show up, brother, any contract is left out, somewhere a road has to be built, somewhere a drain has to be built.  It has to be cut, it has to be made, something has to happen, there is a way for it to be published like this, it will be published in the newspaper, there is Avon, then there is bidder, it has to go through electronic media, it should be in so many newspapers, then that will come, then that will come out, now the politician does not have time for that.  It has to be done quickly in the back date, do it quickly, just get it done on paper, look at Dayspring, whether he follows it or not, that's a different thing, rules, everyone knows what is right and what is wrong.  Everyone knows whether it is right or wrong, so look at you. First of all, awareness has spread. The second thing of this compulsion is that whenever you come under any pressure from MLA, from Minister, from anyone and that is a wrong thing, say it.  Yes, pass it in the Assembly or Parliament, this is the law now, do you think this law is not practical, it is not right, it should not be so much, okay then you change this law, you are not working hard, the law is not working for you.  Change  It does n't happen, you want to take up, no, it's okay, you know many politicians do land work and have become land workers, first they will settle the people, then if there will be trouble somewhere, then you will feel like demolishing them there.  There may be two different parties, one may be with them, one may have separated, okay, they may have separated, now they know that it was wrong because they were the ones who made them do that wrong, now to teach them a lesson and then this is the process.  will support  Whatever is wrong, but if any wrong thing has been done, then that too will go through the legal process, many times, what is the problem that half of the Singham type movies are being made, these are Jawan type of movies. This decision has been made, we don't want to take it out of court, brother, there are courts in the country, it is okay, there was someone like Kasab who was caught on camera and everyone knew that 200 people were killed, he too was tried through the process.  Something has happened, the government people have to give this example to these politicians that sir, things will be run according to the law, you can speak as per your wish because no politician, no senior, and unfortunately, the leadership of the senior people has not gone away, they have returned without a penny. And passed straight ahead, that's why I am saying that I am not very proud of the bureaucracy because everywhere bureaucracy is above one exam, UPSC.  It has been cleared but they don't have a spine and after coming so high and talking about pain, I don't want to show them down, it is a matter of pain for them, they will not take anything on themselves, they will give a direct order like this, you do it, if you don't do it, then say you are not doing it.  Hey, you give wrong order in writing, wrong order, wrong thing is being written by tongue, you simply say that brother, give in writing what you are saying, then it will be given to you in writing that it is not possible despite that.  If you also want to do it, then when it opens, you will be the first one, you will be the number one, neither the politician nor the senior officer have the power to stand in the dock, and the life of junior officers is good. What is the problem of junior officers?  Even if you are corrupt or in a bad job, you will be caught somewhere, that too because whatever you do here, honestly, I still believe that in our country, there can be no exception in a country where people work with complete honesty. They  One cannot be troubled beyond one level, there is a lot of power in truth and honesty, but it is good because the person who is honest will tell, but the problem is, isn't it? Now what happens is that you are doing corruption under your own power.  I am telling this to the officers for whom it is a matter of great pain that when you are doing something for twenty-four eighty-eighths, you not only consider it wrong, not only morally, you don't even consider it ethically. Do you think this?  So no, this is not extortion, it is that, that is, it is an offering. What many people do is that they call extortion as it is and consider the offering as something wrong, that I did not take it with a gun in my wrist.  So this is morally okay, then when the people above also know what is happening to all of you, now even the people above you see it, they say that now you do this much program, then do this also, it is like losing character.  and Now I do n't want to explain the moral by giving any other example of a woman because people make mistakes, although giving an example means it may be right, be it a woman's character or someone else's or anyone's character, once the character becomes loose you become immoral.  When it happens, it happens little by little, just like in a marriage, if a husband or wife is cheating on their spouse, then it happens gradually, first through text, then over the phone.  Then it happens mentally, then physical expectations come, then emotional financial, then the man is not ruined on one side, it happens gradually, first he feels, man, what is talking on the phone? Aam, my mother, my wife was shouting, I told someone.  Now she doesn't talk politely, I do it with her, gradually a man becomes like this, this is corruption, this is the correct thing and then he comes where to trap you and where to blackmail you, you don't understand, then you understand.  You don't understand, what has happened to you, there are many pictures made beyond this, many things like this, you know what kind of honey traps are there and all these words are there that how to do it and get it done, but this  The biggest thing is that no one can tell anyone that he has done wrong. You are showing him your compulsion to correct your conscience because what happens is when you are doing small things wrong then you will have to do big things wrong.  It is said then in your stomach  I start feeling pain that if I do this brother, I will die, only then he says that one should not commit even small wrongs, there is always victory, happiness and peace in truth and honesty. No, I was very honest and got trapped. One such case can cost 100 thousand lakhs. Look at the example of those who become corrupt, they take their own exit route, many people will take up the case of an honest person, whoever happened to be in 10,20,3,000, will idolize him and look at him.  If this happens then I don't do it even though he is the rarest of the rare and is less than 10%, but he himself will do 10 wrong things, then when he is forced to do it then he will say that you were so decent.  Then this also works and everyone knows everything. The clerk in the department knows what his officer does. The driver knows where his officer goes and what he does. Okay, the whole system knows. That system remains silent about who will eat, then the one who is going to do it feels that oh he is very smart, no one is smart, everyone is watching, everyone is watching as if sometimes what happens is that a small baby is a small child.  He thinks that you are very smart and he is doing some wrong things, his father or someone else is watching him, take him away because in the same way, the government employees who do such things and when pressure comes to them, they are being watched. You were being monitored, weren't you that smart?  As much as you are becoming and tomorrow when you are posted again, then you are victim hooded. If victim hood happens like this then sometimes I am not denying it, it happens with people, it happens with people, so understand that this  This is how the job is security, isn't the job, from where will you ever be picked up and thrown away, so what if these people are going to do all this, like Vikas Divya Kriti ji, who does a government job and so on.  There are some big motivation gurus and they do so much for government jobs. Tell them, this is also a compulsion. Brother, honestly, you have been picked up and thrown away, they have not been done. You will be picked up from one place to another and thrown. You are being thrown three or four times. If you do n't understand then see, you have to do the job or not, how are you telling me like this? You have taken it after working so hard, that's why I am telling you, tell me in the beginning itself.  should be given this this this this You will get this in the Charter of Duties, you will have to see who will tell this, the government people should be told, this is what lies ahead, parents, brothers and sisters, ask anyone in the government what is happening, what will have to be done, you come after working so hard.  You pass the exam with difficulty and then if you had to do all these tasks, then you would not have been released because the hard work is so much, you spent seven years in preparation, two-four-five years in the job opened your eyes that this is the kind of job you can do.  I have gone to get married  You have a child, then you don't let go, then you grind, grind, grind, grind, grind. Well, this is the way of life, then it's okay, settle your children somewhere in a big city and keep roaming around carrying your bag and bed, and then the work is over.  Do everything straight, then work like a dhabang, then you want to become Singham, then become like that, do that and see, the fact of life is that it is very grey, it would have been so clean and neat that a politician has no power. Politician is not the only one who asks you to do wrong things. Till date I have not understood why are you afraid. Which politician has power in India? Just write your name in India. Kiki, he has power. I am not talking about top five six.  Four, five, in fact, there is not even five. Four, there is not even four. Three, perhaps there are only two. Well, apart from two, if anyone else has power, then tell me the name. It seems like this anywhere, they do it like this and go without asking.  what is this?  Let's go after asking, yes, yes, this is the condition, it is good or bad, I will not comment on it, according to me, it is good, okay, according to me, it is good, this is their hero Giri, we used to see it in the pictures, the colic picture comes. You must have seen about Manoj Bajpayee, many years ago, there was such an MLA, he was so powerful, no one asks these days, look at the MLAs, he is the one who is the MLA of Haryana, who is Gautam ji, who is he, he himself says on record.  He says, there is nothing for us, says there is nothing for us, I respect my mother for her honesty, there is nothing for us, all these tenders, they had to do direct tenders, they had to do electronic tenders, even the Sarpanch used to follow them.  Do that too, tender route, this corruption will end, then what is left in politics, this is a good trend, when I will disillusion the politician.  If you people support us, there is no need to go into politics, because this money is coming, otherwise the service would not be like that, then politics will be left for people who pass the time like this, they have nothing, neither power, nor respect, nor they eat money.  If you can, then why are you making this trouble, then the realization will come to these people on their own and they do n't get the next ticket. In the previous one, something was made by spending so much money, it seemed that there would be continuity, then someone else gave the ticket. Lame post elections are happening.  Are Lam Post Election means if the top command of the party sets up a Lam Post, then that Lam Post will get votes. Not even a child of a human being is wanted, so anyone else is seeing that and that in the MLA election.  It has been posted everywhere because it has become difficult for MLAs to win the elections. We know that MP elections are set, Ministers are members of Parliament, so anyone can stand and show the victory of MLAs. Otherwise, have you ever heard of Central Ministers also?  If you are contesting the election of MLA then gradually the power of the politician will be lost from the system. It seems that it will not happen. Yes, I agree, it will take more time in a state like UP, Bihar, but in some states, there will be no power left.  I want to tell you that there is nothing, it is the funds of MP lad, they are monitored by 50000 agencies and 500 people too and do with them whatever you want to do, someone has just hit that much, I am more than that.  Sure, if any MP spends the notes in his election, then the risk reward ratio in it is not a favorable investment and next time you will be told like this that if you do not want to do wrong then take your order in writing otherwise you will be punished in writing.  If the posting comes, then you will definitely get something in writing and if the posting comes, then in a small state, there is no need to take tension, it is okay and wherever you go, keep getting your posting done, then the work will be done like that. And once that tag has been put on you that if you don't do this then people will stop saying it too, but what is the problem, they become entrepreneurs after being educated, the Hindi people who write in the newspapers, he took their class, he was measured, he did it like this.  If it is done the way it is, then this is the story and in this government job, if you go in the name of security, you will remain in security job and from here to there, you will roam around, roam around, roam around for two months, four months, six months.  Like they say, there is something that comes with a job, and in this one may be a little shameless that yes, brother, it's fine, it's fine, wherever I have to do, I will do this much, I will take leave, this is how much Saturday is, this is Holi, Diwali, Bhaiya Dooj, this is  Chhat Vat, there are 35 to 40 days of holidays in the state government. I want to tell this to the public that there are 35 to 40 days of restricted holidays. Saturday Sunday is different if one has to take it because if you are afraid of posting again.  If you don't have it then you will definitely take leave, not like this, when you have fully opened your mind, do whatever you want to do, I will not do the wrong thing, I have only this much leave, then you will come to know that there is only 150 days of work in a year.  To do means to get the work done from you, whether you will do it or not, that also depends on you, whether yes, because when you come in that mode, then nothing can be done for you, this is the problem going on in the government, either something or the other. people this  If the normal work is not going on in this mode or in this fearful and wrong mode, then it means that the government job is not for the thinking individual who wants to change something and do something like this. This is for the average people who are not here.  I have heard a little from them that they don't use much brain and are ready to walk like sheep and goats, government job is fine for them, now many people who work so hard and get selected say that if you are pouring cold water on your hot pan, then brother it is necessary.  Is  These channel people here show listening and watching every time that you will come and watch and then don't watch that, today you have heard it, you will be in pain, you don't understand because here I am me and this channel of mine is for those who provide food, clothing and shelter.  He is a bit intellectual, he wants to sit comfortably and talk about everything, wants to learn, wants to understand, wants to tell the society because whoever is directly affected by these things is bound to suffer, so if you  Politician If you are a government servant, then perhaps you may not be able to enjoy it that much. If you yourself are a government servant who is suffering, then perhaps you may feel pain somewhere because of something that is said like this, not everyone is there, I am not everything, so everything never happens.  Who said that everything does not happen but this is an issue, you share it and you tell whether you agree or not. Thank you very much.