Hello friends, under Politics and Bin Pendi Ke Lote, normally you all must have seen that I never speak for any one ideology that it is good and never want to influence the subscribers or anywhere here on where you should vote because.  I say that I am above him, don't put me on that level, let the people decide with their conscience, wisdom, consciousness, but here I want to make a call, you tell me is it right or not, this is something  Politicians who are lying without a bottom are Chutku Chutku in the party, sometimes they are here, sometimes they are here, sometimes they live like this, look at the people of Bihar, they have destroyed the truth of the province, the meaning of Bihar there was Magad, once upon a time, it was the culture of the country, it was the capital of the country.  There was a secret, that off-course was done from there, ok, period time, he did it, I am not saying that he alone has done it, but look at the situation, yes, he has already gone, bottomless people suit here.  Let's think here, politicians are going to come and elections will come, people will jump ship, you have to see the perspective of the party who changes the ship so soon, he is not worth anything, he will change again after that, you will be so cheated inside Maharashtra today.  I don't know which opposition it is, I voted for someone, there was some kind of party, where did the party go, where did it break, then where did it go, then where did it go, then what happened to it, meaning, things have been made fun of, Maharashtra Try to those who have returned from Maharashtra without a bottom, now don't give them the reference of what ever it is and if it goes clear this time then man, what did you say about stability earlier, now what was the joke that put that here right here.  I have a doubt that she can vote, the vote goes to this one, it goes to this one, now this is the vote for someone, the same goes here, okay, so you elect someone, first of all, on that machine, on the machine.  Well, it is a stupid thing to do, that is fine, but now if you vote for someone then leave the machine, you vote for someone and he will go there, here, go there, run away, so friend, what is this, at least they will have this one with you.  It does n't matter if he cheats once or twice, even if he cheats twice, how many times will you give him a chance? There are many people like him, he is one of the political parties, he has not gone yet but it is being discussed that he is also someone from Western UP here.  will go Or will I go there friend, I mean a community that votes or is it that there is no sense of ideal, are you so idle, being idle in life, I am not saying that you should be very rigid in life, you should be very stubborn or  It should not be flexible. Yes but friend, someone should be flexible. Now no matter whether it is a bone or a spinal cord, someone should be a little flexible but can touch till here. I will definitely do it like this.  It's okay if I do it like this, let everyone bow down like this, it's okay, it's like our saying, in our community, a broken cot and a bowed bed are of no use, so this is what I say for my community, let's say there is something in each one.  There is something right, I think it is never appropriate for anyone to do such a humiliating work and they are doing this politics so shamelessly, at least troll them, make memes of them, show them below and  What they mean is that I will not go this time, this time it is permanent, this time it is permanent, he is such an old leader and at one time, he was well respected also in the state and was good in initial politics, but what does it mean at any cost, at any cost?  Pay or not, just apna apna this apna this apna so many seats have come, I have to make up to 25 seats, see this, discuss, I am saying, make fun of them, make fun of them, why public?  Why can't you make fun of each other? Politicians don't spare each other, they don't make fun of each other, so why do you people have to feel shy, you also make fun of them and make them the laughing stock. Tell them and their people, whoever is around you and works with you, they do this, friend, what are you doing, what are you doing, then they will say, oh no friend, what are we, oh no friend, what does it mean, somewhere, you also do it.  If you are then call out who you are electing. Brother, why don't you decide on one side, why are you not on one side of someone, why are you not clear on ideology, no one is speaking about the ideology of someone, whatever is right is absolutely right, let him give it to whomever he wants.  But this is a bottomless pot, that is, it is not theirs either, there is no one to give even, so be on one side, that is the message, so I am still not influencing here, but I am saying that those who  They are idiots. They should be punished. Change it in any way, don't elect them so that there is some morality in politics. It is like that friend means someone is with someone at any time, meaning if this thing comes into marriage then the society will remain.  Maybe today I am with this, tomorrow I am with this. I need some stability, meaning there is someone there, meaning there is an athlete in America, this is the Republican Party, the Democratic Party, it speaks like this, it speaks like this, it means breaking from here like this.  What is happening in the mind is fine, we have a vibrant democracy and that is but man, this means so fast, sometimes here and there, look at the condition of those states where it is more, if any was the most famous state, then our state is my state, as I say.  Haryana came, Ram Gayaram was created here, hey, Haryana was created in 66, look what a drama it was in the first seven, eight, 10 years, then gradually stability came here and then Haryana has progressed in those 1015 years.  There was nothing in me, there was a long silence, then once there was stability, five or seven governments were formed, and then Bansi Lal ji came and then a little was made and then a little eating started and after that, the athlete continued for five to five years. Even in Haryana, there were changes in the government, it remained for five years, then it remained for 10-10 years, the first one will remain, then this one will remain, then as soon as stability is coming, it remains the same of the country and province.  But at that time Ram Gayaram came, there was such a thing in him that he used to make fun of MLA by calling Gayaram, he used to sit in the opposition in the morning, till the evening, he used to sit in the treasury, on other benches, on the government side, then the next day, somewhere else, meaning at that time, Ram Gayaram came, he was someone.  Sometimes make a government here at night, sometimes make it there, sometimes buy this, sometimes do that work, some defaults are still going on in it, but then the public has to punish, so these people will keep doing among themselves whatever has to be done.  Took her to the resort, took her there, someone picked her up, this became a party, the party came out of the party, meaning it is happening as if those children and women are not delivered, this is a party and children are being born, now whatever has happened, now this is  The party will be a farce of politics and this farce is being made of the Indian public. They can do whatever they want but punish all these people and all the big alliances that they are doing with them. I feel that by doing this to them too  just want to finish yes  Okay, you come here, now we will vote for you, but after finishing you politically, we will eat your votes. I think it is because people like this have to be eaten, so they are doing their politics right, but the public should do its own messaging. This video is most important, so I would request you to share it with people. If you like the content of the channel, then you can take membership of the channel to support it. Nominal is the discussion on tea, there is a membership, you can take something for them also, you can do such discussion once in a few months on a different platform, thank you very much.