Hello friends, the budget has arrived, middle class and budget and what the middle class needs to do right now. There are two-four things that I will request from the middle class, tell me how many of them do you agree with and how many will you follow on logic.  If you look at the budget, there is no special issue like this, which is okay, it is okay because of an election, it is the budget before the elections, no such popular measure has been given on fiscal deficit. Attention, this is a normal statement, no one has done anything about the tax packs, now instead of the middle class being sad about it, according to me, what are the advantages of the middle class that the middle class needs, you will also get to know in this video under this video. What you need to do: You should focus on where the government's focus is and if the government's focus is not on you then those who do not live in the middle class generally focus more on the poor.  So how can you, the middle class, benefit from it? One is okay to cry, one is to be proud, if Rs 11,11,000,111 crore has to be spent on infrastructure, which is equal to 3.3 per cent of GDP, then raise the price, what is there in stocks infrastructure?  It seems like follow him, follow the companies, here I am not going to tell the names of the stocks, it is okay, they are also registered and all of them remain short and I never stay on the color side always.  To tell the world, 1.5 crore channels have been opened, everyone is busy today, take this, take that, but you should set your mind that you can earn money there and what is going to happen and this is going to happen, the second thing is that the government.  These people are not going to give you jobs in their pockets, neither are they going to provide government jobs, nor are they going to give you any other jobs, they are waiting a lot whether they will come or not, if you see, their quantity has not increased in the last 20 years, it is decreasing.  Whether it is Group B jobs or Group B jobs, the middle class needs to bypass this government job, especially the middle class who is living in a big city because you have a house. Already I assume that you have been middle class for many years and  Another big advantage of the middle class is living in big cities. That advantage is that the middle class has financial history, power to leverage, help to the lower class, everything.  What the lower class is doing is that we have increased the rates of everything, take it from the daily wage workers, take it from the rickshaw pullers, take it from the auto rickshaws, the rest of the expenses are all these, but they still have Loan taking capacity is not that much, some people take loan up to Rs 2 lakh, 4 lakh, 5 lakh, 10 lakh from the government scheme to do business and all this, but still 30  Can't buy a house worth 40-50 lakhs, are disappointed, some are earning 50000, some are earning 40, some are earning 30, I was the first one, YouTube2 copied it and this thing reached a lot of middle class, this world's middle class also got the attention of the government.  Going towards buying, if the government has enabled them here too, now we cannot stop anyone's progress, we cannot stop the progress of the country.  The government cannot stop you from doing what you want to do. You are a middle class person. Your child has been studying at home for 21 to 30 years. He is not earning even a penny. You have financial leverage. You are not able to do anything because you feel that Hey friend, if he is not able to do anything, then throw that boy and girl out of the house and tell him, brother, whatever money is earned, earn it because that money is also a sin.  If she lives with you and is not marrying immediately, then by adding some money, something can be bought in her name and you will then be ahead of the lower class level, otherwise such a big lower class is going to be created, the middle class will fall in India.  And the actual middle class will remain at 2, 4, 5 only. People have mentally thought that there is a higher upper class, there is a rich class, then there is middle and lower class and these are equally  Are not in percentage You can have a big fat lower middle class and lower class which is like 70 per of the country is there in that and the middle class will actually be in very small numbers and what has happened over last inflation is so big  Salaries have increased so much, everything has increased and the values, price appreciation and cost of houses have increased a lot but the definition of middle class is not those people who  Even 20 years ago, he used to earn Rs 30,400. He was middle class. The actual middle class was Rs 30,40 20 years ago, but you still do n't want to change it. The starting pay packages of your IT firms used to be Rs 2.5 to Rs 3 lakh. 1 year ago, now it is 2.5 to 3 lakhs, now it is 3 to 35 lakhs, so now he is lower class, brother, 3 to 35 lakhs.  If someone does not pay tax up to lakhs then the one who does not pay tax is lower class. Middle class pays tax then look at yourself. If you are not paying tax to the government then you are not middle class. Today I have given you a clear cut definition. If your  Wife does not pay tax. No, how will she pay? She is a housewife. Yes, she is not middle class. She is the wife of a middle class husband and is even below the lower class. We have to understand that we are not age families. Now we can tell in the family.  There is a man who is earning Rs 1.5 lakh and there are five members in his family. He has two children aged between 21 and 30 years and they have been preparing for the competition for the last four years. He has six more years to go. Mother 65 70  She is one year old, she has to do it, that means preparation, that means she cannot earn, the wife is like a housewife, she has never earned, this man is now 55, now he too will retire someday.  So in 5 years, if you count heading towards lower class in capita, it is okay and already there will be lower class in capita, heading towards pure class, one more important thing, I will tell you if you agree with this. A middle class, my request is to stop praising the politicians, they take a lot for granted or you should shut up, whoever has to vote, everyone is sitting with one vote, cast one vote.  Whom you want to put in the name, whatever you guys like, okay, he got this made, this is done, put it like this, but stop being his fan, this is taken for granted, you will become taken for granted, you and someone else.  The child who will not ask is the one who remains angry even inside the house, cries and throws tantrums, it is only he who gets something or the other, the elder child who understands the meaning of sacrifice is more straightforward, nothing happens to him, you will keep paying taxes, you do not want anything.  Just wait and you will not get anything and then they will say that your contribution is very good and you are serving Mother India, you are doing this, they will tell you all such stories and you will not reach anywhere, become quiet, get detached, you know.  Don't just go, vote for whom will you vote, I have not come here to influence your vote, I have not come here to make you go left or right, vote for the one you feel like voting for, do it with your family, but don't tell that you are doing it.  Them  You will come to know and even if you are in a mood to do nothing, don't tell us that we are angry with you. Middle class, we do n't know why we have opened our cards. Go on the wings, go on the status, go on forward, only then you will know.  Whom does he vote for? Why is he voting? The one who is against gets to know, the one who is pro gets to know. He is the one who irritates the most. You go to some poor colony and pretend to be a normal person, journalist type and  You don't tell who you are voting for and there is no need to ask the middle class people, then who do you think you will get? You will get something, Thakur, you will get something like Shiv usam bolte kuch hai aapke dekha, dialogues from Hindi movies remain.  You will get something, tell me, to whom will Gabbar give it? If there is someone, Gabbar will be happy, with whom will he be happy? You have to be a little doubtful, a little silent, and put a little insecurity in the politician.  These politicians do not belong to anyone, so why are you joining them and then you also say that everything is useless, useless, useless, all the politicians are useless, then from whom will you choose, you have to choose only among them, is n't it?  Bad B is for Bakkad is fine C is for Chakad is fine so choose among these A B C C Why are you telling me in advance, keep quiet from now on, a little is of no use to you, your candidate is losing.  If you lose, it doesn't matter if you win, then it does n't matter if you win, don't do anything. Look around you, is it getting cleaned? Because what did this system do? It glows. You have given me the mobile phone in your hand. Still, you are in the mobile phone.  You are watching but I will tell you right now, wherever you are watching, pause and look left and right outside. You are watching in the bus. You are watching in the metro. You are watching at home. You are watching in the office. Look a little outside. Things are getting better, much better.  It's getting worse, it's getting worse for you  What is happening in life because the system has made it such that the country's progress can be achieved through just the phone. I don't know what is happening in real time. If I ask you, what is happening in Orissa? Delhiites.  I don't know what is happening in Jharkhand, I don't know, it is okay if the news is shown a little, the rest is just a lot of progress, progress is happening everywhere, this is done, this is done, this is done, but what is actually happening?  do n't know anything but  That was done, neither did that scheme come nor did this come and hey, look at how it is affecting you, you are abusing one, you are praising another, I am saying neither abuse nor sing, shut up when in doubt.  You put it because if the person you are abusing is somewhere in your state, he is not going to ask you, then the other person, whom you were praising, is not going to listen to you, so that means, shut up a little, be quiet about that person.  wise  Be like a boy who shuts his mouth when his mother is criticizing his daughter-in-law and when the daughter-in-law is saying something about her mother, he shuts his mouth. Don't be like that moronic boy because I am a marital consultant.  Examples always come out, there are many boys, their wives are not listening, the mother is speaking bad about the wife, she is saying something, they are defending her, the wife does not have many wives in that scene and  Mother is getting very angry, okay, I fed the thief's slave, made him drink, this is how he is standing today, hey, at least he is standing, if he stands in front of his wife, then at least his wife should do it and then  Whenever that wife tells me that today your mother did this or that, then the mother is trying to defend herself. Learn to keep quiet for a while, otherwise it will get worse, both of you will be ruined. Do this if the mother is listening.  And the wife is saying something to the mother and  Even if you are standing up for the mother, it is okay that at least the mother is seeing that the son is speaking for me, so at least she will make roti, give tea, give some more money, take care of the forest and will.  Like that foolish child, you are becoming middle class, no one is asking, he is doing it in front of his mother-in-law, he is doing it in front of her, both of them are angry with you. Have you seen such foolish boys whose wife is also angry with them and  Mother also remains angry. These are the biggest losers.  There are a lot of me, I get a lot of such people in marital consultation. Hey brother, a party should be happy. Your wife is angry with you because you support mummy ji. See too much. I got involved in politics only then this Guruji is there. Gurugram channel is very cool, you get to learn a lot, if you have made your wife angry, then mother should be happy or you have directly said something wrong to mother, did you tell mother not to do it like this? It is very good. Less  At least the wife should be happy that if you upset your mother, my middle class is the same, you middle class, you can cry as per your wish, you are bound to cry and yours is raw. When children used to play games, in childhood, the small babies used to be big children.  People used to play games, now rich and poor are playing games, and the middle class is raw, the middle class is feeling that I am being asked, no one is asking you, no one is asking anywhere, very good work can be done without you, very good sometime.  you too  You may be fired from your job, sometimes taxes may be increased, sometimes rules may be changed, you may get something, sometimes you may not get anything, you will not send your child to a government school, you will not go to a local clinic, you will not go to free electricity or water because you have more than that.  You have to consume units of ration rice, you will not eat it, you will not take anything you are getting yourself and in future you will not get anything great, it will not happen that you are middle class and have been paying taxes for so many years.  If there is money to pay less taxes, then the government has come and helped, no one will say like this, your child has not got a job, brother, you have been paying such heavy taxes and all this for 40 years, let's set something for the child or here  If it is not possible then we will apply for a visa to Canada, the government will make recommendations, this is our middle class child, we have not done him any good because good is done only to the poor because he is in greater need, so we will help him.  Brother, let's do it, no visa etc., nothing, that government will deal with it, your one on one interview will be one on one, you have to show your ability, one on one is your eligibility, then go, you will not get help from anywhere.  Otherwise, why do you keep roaming around jumping, why are you jumping so much middle class, elections are coming now, why are you jumping, go and vote, this will come, that will come, this will happen, this will happen like this, this will happen, then what will happen then? What will happen if you concentrate on your demat account after opening 14 crores, then accounts are opened in Chaudi, these are ours and these people give the number of 14 crores only, those with too many financial channels are not earning money by sharing shares, they all are at the time of Covid.  I started a new business, earned a little bit, then later I do n't know, I told everyone to buy a lion, I do n't know how to sell it, I don't know what to do after selling it, then it increased, then it increased, what is the problem of middle class people?  Make too much money from share market also because you need money, the money you put in the share market should not be needed, you should never need it till your death, only then you will not earn money but then if we put and  If they don't throw us out then what is the use of the finance channel? I have to open a finance channel. I feel that if you want me to open a finance channel, then tell me the very fact. Why is there any benefit in having so much money? Will you do anything with the money? This is a little bit, I am going to stop politics again and along with that I have added this benefit that if people know that you have money the way they behave with you changes. If Mukesh Ambani has got that much of wealth he is  Not Spending All of It Politician and everybody, take that shell, sell it, I did not open this bad channel, so if you want, I am a little like this channel's Guruji from Gu, very amazing feedback is coming, subscribers are slowly growing, views are increasing.  Good feedback comes, very good feedback comes, this is what I want, this is not what they say here, I have to do it exactly for my parents, I have to do it exactly for the class, I want that this is my middle class, upper middle class. Understand that you are the audience and you have to do something for your children yourself, if no one is going to do it then please share this thing and like it and write in the comment section how did you like the video and ask people in your family group to subscribe.  To their children, to their wives and to their husbands because of the knowledge that everyone has a family together, then it is good if there is a head in the family. Watch what is happening on the politics news channel. Which government is this? Who will win the election will come, it will not make any difference in your life and the one whom I am studying is actually doing his work and earning money and he will serve only him.  Will that poor guy ever want? Yes, he will do it, he doesn't need your recommendation for him, you will show morality, you will show recommendation, you will show something like this, there is no need for him, he will do everything on his own, so I hope this video  Did you understand? Please share. Thank you very much.