Hello friends, today's empowering video is 'How can the public set the agenda? General public, politicians set the agenda and narrative. They have the power, but people ask me in the comments and not the general, but the feedback I have received is not from the public, but something.'  Power is not tax, it is what we are told and explained to us, then today I would like to understand one thing with a simple example that power is great and it changes with time but it can also be fashioned quickly.  This can also be done because if you people have got that intelligence that I am telling about these things and you have understood the example very well, then you will get this awareness very well in the 90s. If you remember, in the 90s you will remember that  There were movies of David Dhawan and Govinda in which only Shakti Kapoor was there and in every movie he seemed to be number one, [ __ ] number one, Bibi number one, there were many movies like Gharwali outsider servant number one, This number one, Hero number one.  Like this, you know, some people liked some Tabla, there were many who were on a different level and what happened after one stage, it became Multani Band because the mental and financial problems of the one who liked them at that time.  It happened if you remember because he will not come to 19 after 98, now it seems a little different, when transition is happening, the picture also flops, there are some hits too, caste is very super but de facto.  This is that the narrative change happens, it is the public who does it when you do n't want to see them accepting the thing, then if you don't make it then people run out of things, still Bollywood is going through date, it is okay, you see that the public What exactly do you want Piplaaz is this string, you figure out only this thing, want that thing, suddenly it seems that this thing will not work and he indulges in jingoism as if he  Last I did Gadar, I did it and gave you the like, now maybe I won't make the next one, because I did a romantic with him, Sunny Deol, in less too, one more picture like this should be made, it's bill not working, today's times so  IT'S WHAT I WANT YOU FROM THE PUBLIC IF YOU ARE VERY VERY CLEAR COMMUNICATION BACK TO THE POLITICIANS BECAUSE OF THE POLITICIANS' JITNE CHANGU MANGU HAI OK, THEY SIT AND WATCH ALL  You must be watching these videos too, okay, watching Twitter as well, social media too, watching what's happening, what's happening, and they read Navas and whose leader is more connected to the ground and the better the war is, the better he is thinking.  So now let's do like this, let's do like this, first of all you have to keep your thoughts for yourself in a way that I think in my elder self and that has to be conveyed, you create confusion by raising it that take this mother poor then.  It's okay, so this is my noise.  He is making a noise, whatever he has to do, he needs it, you are also raising the issue and making noise about it, then when you see sir sentiment going here, then this is the one who has come in the scheme, everything is the same address and then you don't get anything, then something else.  If you don't get it then you become like this because every person is talking about this because what is this, he is doing this like this, I am angry, accept that he is doing this to me like this and you have done this, you have done good to him.  now his  Now do good to this, now do this very good, now this has become very good, my what about me, my retirement, middle class, your tax shoes, your GST shoes, your less, your business, who will talk about them, brother, then you should tell us about your coming. In the upcoming episode, I will ask you guys to write yours like this flag, what is this date, it is very important, what problem are you facing, then we will take it logically.  This is not reducing what is happening everywhere, what happened before, how did it happen like this, how did it happen like that, that is very wrong, that agenda is very wrong, this very thinking is very wrong that those who are taken to the paste have a  I will make a very good video that the castes will fight after seeing the example by talking about the paste, if you talk then I had done this, this one here, then you did this one, first you tell this, why did you do this at that time, do you have the answer to this, right?  I guess yes guys  What do you say, I don't want to be happy, they sold, they should have a choice, they should have a lot of choice, you choose, now here it means the choice itself is ending and it is being celebrated, so now you understand, forget it, I am fine.  If yes, then we will tell you further that these are the things of paste which are always being done on every news channel, in every debate, in every parliament, everywhere, every person is doing it like this.  It was done like this, it was done like that, so if you people want it to be done once and for all, after finishing it with an argument, then please write in the comment area that you want the date, the old talk of the video, not the old talk and today's.  If there is focus on the matter, because you want to take it further, okay then please finish writing, I will tell you one such thing, you have to spread the same thing, once it will generate traction in the general media and everyone will start talking about it, then after that  then this  They will stop talking, this mechanism will fly away, then they will have to talk, whatever they will have to do, I will explain it well to you, try to understand and like this video, share this new channel, support you.  We are going on a journey, without spreading raita, without naming anyone, without actually teasing anyone, we will change, we mean me and you, my audio, we will change, the rest will have to change because when we set the narrative, we We will set retirement, we will select the topic, we will tell everything and they will stand like this everywhere, we will talk about it on our WhatsApp, on our Twitter handle, on our social media, so whenever we go to talk about it, then on Somebody Always  You tell him that, but you tell him that they will not give him that, we will definitely eliminate him in the next episode, it's okay, so if you want it to be like this, then please give feedback and it will be a lot of fun, friend, like this too.  Understand the point, it is very important to have power, decency, please keep the comment area large, check in to live a relaxed life, whatever you want, everything will be there, there should be peace and relaxation in life, don't do that much in it, we should be comfortable, I want my audience to be like this.  hoon share