Hello friends, we will discuss caste census in Bihar beyond that and what can be its follow outs and now the match has become interesting and this is what I wanted, I do not enjoy watching that one sided match and Nitish Kumar ji, you can't.  Ever you know count out, it seems that now it has happened but then after doing something like this, we will discuss beyond that, before that I want to tell here, brother, if this reservation caste first affects you personally and your personality is very important.  You have a strong opinion and you are not employed and if you are in it, then this channel is for you, no, this channel is for those who have risen above the bread and butter house, how much do you have to define, I also know, it feels very bad.  No, you can't listen, if you want to listen, you can listen in relaxation but it is okay to contribute like this, there are 63 OBCs, 19 punts in Bihar, something SC, ST, and now it has been openly discussed. Now this was like that, earlier someone like us used to feel like speaking, now the discussion has been done openly, the match has been opened, now the election is on religion and caste and now there is nothing to say on this, everything has been opened up, at the top. He is also a leader and he has also said that now Hindus are getting divided, this is the religion, now it is Vikas, the cuckoos and that small pot, it is very nice to talk here, I am feeling relieved that yes, please bat now or discuss.  य गोल मोल गोल  Now what to talk about, it is clear now it has come on paper also and there will be a good discussion, so brothers and sisters, at 85, there are OBC SC ST in Bihar, that is why I have now done the census, it had never happened before, so we used to see that many people from Bihar.  Are selected and in Bihar why do people want to go to government job more, you get the answer automatically otherwise you know in other channels I used to say in other channels, oh no, leave the government job, leave it for the poor, that's what I used to say. That thing has also come out, I will prove that the government job is now available for the poor because even in gold, there is a reservation of 10 per cent. Those who belong to the upper caste and are in the general category, there is a reservation of 10 per cent.  If there is reservation for EWS, then the quota for poor and OBC, which is 63 in Bihar, but if it is below 8 lakhs per annum, it is okay, below 8 lakhs per annum.  It means that practically you do not pay tax because that day lakh will be saved in Rs. 8 lakhs and the rest is insured. If your income is below Rs. 5 lakhs then you do not have to pay tax. The one who does not pay tax is poor. It is very clear that you pay tax.  If you are paying then you are not poor but if you are not paying tax then you can claim. It is so simple. Okay, so brother, he is close to 85, so now the next debate will be that brother, if this number is Then why reservation at 50? This debate is also logical, isn't it? Brother, there are so many of them here, why is the census of the entire country not done? In fact, if no one is asking this, 2024 is coming and the census is already done.  This has been happening since the time of the British, 1911 21 31 41 and how many more censuses, brother. Okay, if Covid was in 2021, if it could not be done then it should be done in 22.  When would it happen at the age of 23, why doesn't anyone ask why these things like why the census is not being done, is it not necessary because everything is known in the census, who has how much income, who has how many children, who has how many jobs, what is the average age.  So many people, a lot of data comes out, so shouldn't this exercise have happened or are they just waiting for the elections but now it is like a Pandora's box has opened doing something. Rahul ji had said there that  There are 90 secretaries in our Parliament and only three are from OBC, so the issue has come up there also, so now we have to do it within the promotion also. When I am saying all the things, I am discussing the dick, then I am saying the points of discussion, I am talking about this.  We are not saying anything should happen, should not happen, before what should happen on this channel and in our life, we have to understand what is happening because after saying should happen, who is asking you when issues are raised, people will vote, not you.  should not happen  You should understand the issue lovingly, what is it because you can vote only for yourself, why wouldn't the one who is getting direct benefit do so? Tell me, do it yourself. I come from a community where this is not available but that community does want it. Yes it wants.  At the railway station, on the railway track, there is protest etc. on the track, now it doesn't happen, you are not getting it, people will be the first to attack you, if you were getting it then you and I are on reservation.  I will tell a good detailed video of mine and make it, it will be like reservation, now it depends on Cass census, I have a lot of clarity on reservation, no one in the whole country has as much clarity on reservation as I do, and when I make a video, through that video.  I will also do the proof and no one will be able to explain the way I can, even your big professors, big sociology students and this and that institute are bullying because in each of them they give less with some.  Baggage and further agenda Neither my further agenda nor the baggage is clear cut, it is clearly visible as if a 12 year old child or a 10 year old or a 7 year old child sees something as not that, not that. Ask him, son, how is he?  If he feels like it then he will tell it as he feels and that is the truth, the 25 year old, the 30 year old, the 35 year old will think that he should not feel bad about it, I am saying here, yes, I am saying this, so it is a video of that easily.  It will be done but today let's discuss the caste census, this is a good thing that has come out that it is at 85 and from it the percentage of Muslims etc. has also been taken out. Okay and all those things have been explained and the percentage of Muslims is also higher.  There are castes whose income etc. is such that they do not come in that category and OBC among them, if you add it from 100% then it increases to 102 3 4 also.  The fact another thing which came out good in that on which there was always a feeling that so many Muslims are coming from Bangladesh and they are coming, it is increasing, within 10 years the population has increased by 7 and that of Hindu has decreased by 10.  It's a lot, it's okay in 10 years, it's okay in 07 years, and yes, it can happen in 1000 years, okay, I'm not talking about mathematics, but it's just this much, it's okay, as much fear as you have, you can do it to anyone.  Look, even if half of your marks are cut, you can get disturbed. It's okay, but these things should come to my mind once we know everything, we know the balance sheet of every company. In our country, all our politics is based on this. And what is happening is very unfortunate that I will stop the 2024 elections from being divided into religion, caste, caste and division, I will not let this happen, I will allow this to happen, so doing so on this is unfortunate and this is being said as satirical.  I am this on the face  It is a smile of pain, you understand that it is a smile of sadness and pain and sadness and pain, yes this is what we are fighting elections after 75 years of independence, on the basis of which the issue of partition is coming and it is coming openly.  Till now even I was not excited, I too thought that man, this is how I have to speak, I do n't know, now brother Sulam is open, what is it now, everyone is saying, will anyone say that when the speech is on record?  Lakhs of people are being told in the rallies that it is happening like this, it is happening like this, so everything has come out, it should not happen like this, or it should be one, but it should be like this, anyway, who will decide? Only the public will decide.  Now it is not for the public to decide, so my message has always been that those who are intellectuals and even middle class and upper middle class, all of them, watch this show, this is what we are living in, don't get confused about right and wrong.  Wait because this is what the nation wants, this is what the nation will vote for and majority, so you see the truth of jobs, the truth of reservation, the real things, I will tell you further what this game is next, now slowly I mean.  That's it, everything has been revealed, it's like that happens, first diplomacy goes on, now when the time of conflict comes, then everything starts appearing like those swords are whose or whose, which means the real war.  It has to happen now in the elections, through which medium and there is no principle, nothing, what Kejriwal ji used to do to Congress in 2013, now they all are having dinner together, now absolutely wonderful people and with such smiles because time.  Change happens, don't judge us, they are doing very well, they are making their lives better, very good and mama tune changes, politics is like this and the general public also has to learn this when these politicians are like this, thick skin plus  So why are you going crazy in love? By being loyal to them, are you also getting loyalty bonus? Do you also see who is setting where, who will decide which one is good for the country?  People, not you, everyone will say, we are good for the country, we are the best, we will take it forward, we will do all this by spreading this raita, all of us are such useless, very useless, the biggest useless, this is a competition many years ago, right?  India had imported a plane, MiG 21 from Russia, it is fine, the story is told in it, now it was a plane flying in Siberia, India is a hot country, the settings inside it were hot hot and hottest, it is fine inside because it was a cold system here.  If it is summer then here it is worthless, big worthless, great worthless. Now we have to set between them, the definition of each one is different, that of great worthless, less worthless and less worthless, but this is the comedy.  This is a comedy and you have to select from these, you have to select from these, and as per the number of people, they will become their leader according to the prestige of the people, now you cannot comment on your fellow Indians, people, one you comment on one.  Politician who is the leader of lux and curse of people you are actually commenting on the people who is his vote bank and his because you say I am like this, yes also his leader is he.  And we will have to do like this, democracy works like this, I am happy that you have made the match interesting, this is not going to be a one-sided match, further state elections and beyond that too, I will discuss individually, enjoy, relax, don't take tension, do n't take sites.  The date will come, you will go to your nearest voting center and you will get a chance to press the button only once, so do not take stress and do not waste your time in their free marketing, no, it is good for me, you too will do it like this and he will kill her.  Have you ever seen me influencing you that brother, go to this one, go to this one, I say that you guys have offered me as much money as I have, brothers.  Sisters, you should reduce this issue, it is very important and I will also make a separate video of this issue on my other big channel, let them do whatever they want, deal with them in this category, Baoli Butch Bada.  Bawli Buch, the biggest Bawli Buch, put them in these three categories as per your wish and also tell them and say, it is our misfortune that we have to choose from among people like you, it is not good fortune, it is bad luck, how many will there be in 2024?  It has been 75 years, it has been more than 77 years, we still have the same issue, the same issue was there 30 years ago, now if you are making progress in the same way, then where has the development gone? Mr. Vikas, find Mr. Vikas and bring someone from somewhere. So this is the end. Nobody can blame the other people for bringing it in. Everybody brings it when you make something. They come and say, Hey, this is theirs, we created this, we gave them that power.  So it is said that we are also giving power to them, then it is okay and the one to whom power is being given is called and the one who is being appeased or to whom anything is being done.  One thing is that people selectively make speeches. Some Prime Minister gave such a speech that our old Prime Minister said that beyond the resources available, the first right is of SC ST OBC minority. First of all, I do not understand what is the need to say who has what right?  Have I not understood till date what is my right? Someone distributes coal and gives it to me, saying, "Take SC, you take this much coal, this is ours, it turns out to be iron and this is yours, it is not like this, first thing to say."  I don't know what was the need, but now someone should come out of it and say minority, no, it is SC, ST, OBC. Hey brother, your OBC, SC, ST, is at 85 and the minority people are at 90, so the upper caste people are poor people. No one is asking him and his poor people too, they have been put in the Revadi, it's okay, take 10, but you also take 10, they too are happy, infact if you look mathematically today you  Have the highest chance of getting a benefit of reservation if you are in upper caste EWS. If mathematically you will see r because you are very less and out of that you are getting the quota of 10. Okay and when so many people are OBC and SC ST and  If it is in this, then the difference in cut off will also be reduced, if one day I will keep 100% reservation for the video, otherwise.  It will be long, okay, okay, so I will stop this at here, if you want that video, then write in the comment section how not to be fooled, how to take advantage of stupidity, I always say that someone can fool someone.  No, people are fools, everyone is fools, I will also be a fool, in some aspects of life there are fools in all aspects of life, but such people are only one, two or four percent, okay, but in some aspects of our life, we are blind.  Spots because if we did n't do it then how would we know that we are at 63 and we will remember, now that figure of 63 has come, now that figure of yesterday, this figure of yours is not 73 and 53, it does not change so quickly, you have seen.  That the population demography changes by 5.7 percent within 10 years, it was shown in the survey that only this much change happens, but now it is known that now the rest of the states will also do the same.  There is a state government, they will also remove theirs in a few days. Those who benefit from it will not be removed from those who do not see any benefit. But now we will know what is where and what if the representation is to be done there accordingly.  According to the calculation, if these people are on 85, then they will go to the Supreme Court and the discussion will be on the basis of ratio and on the basis of logic, then say that you have given reservation to people on 85 on 50.  What is this justice? Anything can be done if something is done at the country level then it is a Pandora's box and elections will be fought on this and it has become an issue and till date the ruling party used to set the narrative as to how the pitch will be and how the batting will be.  The game used to be played according to how many runs will be scored, now from where did these opposition people learn to hit fours and fours, now they are setting it as a topic of discussion and it will become like if brother is 90th secretary in IAS.  Three OBCs means they have to be given even in promotions. If we give such promotions, then the country will become like this. Who will decide that it will become bad? Who will decide why out of 90, 50 secretaries cannot be 40 OBC secretaries, whatever the ratio?  Why can't we be at the top level? Who will decide? The public will decide and who is sitting with how much percentage. Now you know, where will the buttons be pressed, then it is time to see, we have to take sides in this, what should we do?  What is the benefit, especially I am saying this, this channel is for those who are facing these things only then you can discuss. How can you discuss a subject in which you are directly affected if you go to a barbarian and ask him that do you need a hair?  Cut and you don't need a hair cut. Barber is never going to say no. He will say yes sir, these are only two hairs, get them equalized on your head because his living depends on it.  Saying yes to you only will never say no so if you are from Sambalpuri give 100% whether at 150 or give a few and there are few of us who are like that may be many of us if we look in absolute numbers then we have this  The channel is only for those people so that we can get some space to discuss, all the people have to come here for a while who are so politically charged up. There is one more request if you are very  You are a politically charged up person, isn't it brother? It is not necessary to see how many channels are there in your channel, there are all types of them, this Godi Media is like this, there is someone else like this, there are many channels, as soon as you open the channel you come to know that this is my channel.  Is it sweet or salty, whatever is your choice, is it cold or hot, then catch it, there are crores of channels, don't come to me, what is the thought process like me, so that we can discuss something and we can also share our coolness somewhere.  Enjoyment because this channel has been made for us because this space is a vacuum, there is no one here, so here also people are needed to discuss, is there anyone, we can enjoy what is happening without making any noise so that a  Stay with the detachment, my aim is to be detached, this political thing that is going on, no no, things are better understood by being detached, when like you say, he is a doctor, he operates on everyone, but when his  If it is someone of your own, he cannot operate. A doctor cannot operate on his own child and wife. Then it is some other doctor because when he does that, he gets the feeling of his own. You all know this thing, so that is what.  It is once we are too much into this, the same feeling will come, then rational thinking, logical debate thinking is not possible and it is okay because you may be in this life.  Situation were in you are very much affected by all these things so of course you can not participate but if you get an independent opinion again I will say not neutral then nothing is neutral nothing is there opinion is always one sided then independent opinion you  If you want to know then you will get to know in off course. Thank you very much.