Hello friends, Akhil, very interesting topic Chandrayaan and Machinepaan Machhanapan, it is called Haryanvi word Jahan and Up, Bora Gaye Ho, is it okay, what does it mean in life, who do you live in, in these terms of your behavior, and other types of achievements are okay, then discuss on this. Will do very well, everyone's happiness is being discussed but you have to look carefully here are the athletes who are Indian but yes they are also coming different shapes no orientation date is n Fact: Here I will discuss especially about my North Indian brothers. I will also discuss a little about the people above Godavari. There is a news channel in Noida, all of them are the same, all of them are fine because I know the trigger, this is an original topic for me.  Because of his trigger, I feel that what a stupid thing is happening brother, I do n't know since when did nationalism become a part of our country, what stupidity is there in our country, if you agree with this, then tell me.  I am not saying to read ballads, I am not saying to hug, to make love, but I belong to this, listen to his pride in Arya's tweet, there are photo votes also, first of which disclaimer date for those with this kind of thought process.  I am an astrologer, I have a lot of knowledge about religion and all this, astrology and all this, I am a tree consultant in these aspects, also, in the tweet of Gaurav Arya ji, he has just written.  It has been written for the Malvi teachers of Pakistan that what are they doing by showing such a telescope that when you look at a few people then you should see the flag of India before declaring the date of the big festival, I want to ask them one thing and then India  Salute, first see the flag of India, then salute it and then declare the festival. After seeing it, ours is called Sanatan Dharma or whatever little comes out of the mouth, the name of its religion is called Sir, I guess you know.  No, what will become of our saree festivals? Our festivals are also seen from the moon only. Brothers and sisters, the dates are decided by the few who are there. Which festival will be held on the day of the full moon, when will it be on the new moon, when will it be on the full moon, when will it be now?  Rakshabandhan was celebrated a few days ago, so is America talking to India on anything? Oh, they also have their own ideology, religion and all that is America too, oh do you know what people follow and tell to the whole world. So you will not reach them and you will salute the whole world, why have you come so many times brother, North Indian especially our South Indian brothers, when ISRO was launched, see who were the people on the screen when clapping was happening and they were  He sent me such fish pumps just because he is an educated man, he will do it and today I am saying on my face that brother, learn from your South Indian, he is an educated intellectual man, I have made a video earlier also that on North  They had come under attack, bloody history is there in Panipat, one Panipat, you are Panipat three, all the fights, quarrels, yours, India, Pakistan, Punjab, have suffered more than you, the North has suffered more than you, this matter has not been done by going there, it is in our DNA, because it is on our face. That a BMW has come to your house and your poor neighbor takes a broken scooter and if you do such things in front of him and tease him, then his children will come at night and scratch your BMW. Mother goes, then you have to keep a security garden so that there is no crush, then you are the bread, my expenses are flooded. Hey, in the first place, what is necessary for you is his scooter, does he know that you have put a BMW, he automatically gets burnt even after seeing like this.  I felt that everyone is jealous, Neighbor's Pride, Onida's ad had come, so I felt like doing it on my own, go and do all this nonsense on his face, he is facing 10,000 troubles of his own in the country, Jim. They have behaved like this among themselves, they burn the houses of their soldiers' journals, that is fine and they are attacking their soldiers, this is the situation going on there, Bankrupatsi is like this, Rakhi is the most failure, incompetent student of this class.  What do you have to complete from your 100? If you go from 30, 40 to 60, 70, then you have done it only with the child of number 15 and number 10. Now move ahead.  See, 70 80 90 100 lakhs of people are also sitting with them. Now change it. You had studied that one when you had to study it. There were orbits of electrons. If you have studied chemistry etc. physics etc. then this saree has an energy in it. If there is a caste, then the inner orbit goes to the outer orbit, that is your progress, if there is a caste, other people go to Chhath, then does he have to come to another place and I have come here, I am a  You went and stayed there, friend, for how long will you do this? By doing all these ridiculous acts to them, you make them one again or do it. If you want to think strategically, if you want to think like enmity, then there is neither enmity nor irritation from within, nor anything else.  To do this, Guruji is teaching the streets to be strategic. There is a lot of savings among your neighbors every day. There is a lot of savings in my wife, there is a lot of fun in the children. Children do not support their parents.  Your house and family are going well, you go and pierce them and they all become one Jain, then that wife should stop fighting with her husband, children, why did you do this to my father and all are standing with pots Jain, then you will enjoy a lot.  Hey, leave it, I am teaching them such a big thing, I am telling them a deep thing, because if you are watching the beginning of the video like this, then should we perform Aarti for Pakistan, what did they do with us, what did they do, why so much of this?  Do you like this you can see these things  This is what I am talking about in tone and tone, this is the caste that talks like this, these are especially such people, please do not become my audience by mistake and if you are watching this video then do not watch the next one also because I am telling some people in India. In our country of India, I have been telling this from the middle of my channel, we have to get this foolishness out tomorrow because it is not out tomorrow because there is fear, because if there is fear, why do you feel that Gaurav is coming, then So Called seems so nationalist.  This is what he said if I said it  If he says anything further, the match will be declared. Tell him, tell him and send this message to us. Band it out, friend, an intellectual man, a man with guru element, good institution, good training, your Hindi is good, English is good, but what fun are you having by breaking things like this? Meaning you are enjoying, you come to a level like this, now I am like, I also want my channel, I also want big subscribers, I also want population, I also want my message to go.  Will you then lower his level like this, then what happens to you, you know, some times, when your audience becomes such a fool, then you also have nothing else to do and he was very political, discovering that you are the parent. Whom did you set out to attract and who all got attracted and you can't do it to the audience by mouthing it like I am doing it, my channel is small, I am just saying that brother, like this, those who are like this.  Whatever type of person you are, you are a chillum chilli person, there is no need to be associated with anything, brother, such people are not needed, there is no benefit because neither he has any kind of content nor he definitely does not have any kind, this is very typical North.  Indian phenophena, it happened in Haryana, it happened in Punjab, you see it in the songs here, my Rohtak is a very dear city, I think it is a little safe to take the example of my people and tell it because someone else  Tell me, Rohtak has become less sahib in Rohtak, so the bus in Rohtak is not enough, Chandigarh is less city, you are less city, Delhi is less city, why did you go to so many matches, what will the rest of the people stay for then, what will they see, why are they rabbiting in, I am telling you an example.  There is some community here, there is some community here, which is stupid things, this is stupid think, we got a little bit, just got a little bit, and the same think, oh brother, our Chandrayaan is so good. Our achievement is that the foreign media has followed me but the media has done it so lovingly. What are our people doing? There is one anchor, Deepak Chaurasia. I don't know any anchor. Rasulpur is standing wearing a beard. Is his name like this? So next to me, hey Deepak ji, I saw today that you got goosebumps, what goosebumps, he is wearing a suit, ca n't you see the goosebumps, what are you saying, people of Noida, all the news channel people of Noida. Opened the news channel up down up down I thought youtube mix more sense they should boycott this stupid news channel didn't know how he is singing one who is gay who is Anup Jalota ji and he is talking Hey my next one to chand  Par hoga main to next wale pe chaand pe woh karunga apna kya bolate hain music concert I know you excited I know it's proud achievement I know your happy but unit When you talk like this it is also visible that  Friend, what have they got, the party has just started, the technology is working, the reach is good, there is still some good work to be done, one should be happy to have done so much, but why are you imposing left and right on such people's faces like this, friend?  How did you like this video of mine? You can share this one, please share it so that people's thought process changes. When achievement is ours, we will achieve it with our hard work. Those people are so humble, look at their face, it means showering.  Dignified means how do you feel after seeing this man, because both of those things do not exist, so in North India right now there are 20-23 people, the country's border is very secure, nothing is happening, they can't let it go, it is in the DNA which is behind in our subconscious. Also you belong to this area only and I understand and it's high time they get out of this do you agree with this because it's a little important isn't it  Will remain intellectual and we are absolutely boys, I am Agri's Olympic medalist, they come from our place and there are people in general forces too and we have to keep ourselves absolutely fair. If he is not asking you not to finish it at all, then you can reduce it.  These are the marches on social media and by doing these tubes and doing this, they are becoming private, aren't they? Which of your tests is Australia? They say that those biting dogs and those ones and those thundering clouds and raining clouds and so on.  something like that  There are a lot of proverbs, so many of them are of Hindi, if I am not that teacher type, then I am not going to get them out quickly, but you must have heard them, increase their mobile number, connect with them, connect with their organization, contribute something to them, give it to them, I don't know how to play bike in IPL. So please this is something which was triggered in the tweet I will be getting de content. This will give you a lot of clarity, will give you peace and will leave you restless and anxious from inside.  Will not go will say yes many people will say which is my audience till now so I have been six which is this ideology I have to speak and spread this ideology that friend keep some peace they are coming something but next n country every give  So They Bill Have You Future Little Beat Differently They Can't Di Can't Be Business Hai Usually First they used to speak like this then they used to do like this Dees which are trades of low self esteem people whom something they  If it happens then he has to do it like this again and again then date it d think I hope you like and share thank you very match