Hello friends, very practical practical topic Politics and Negativity and how the general public who is the subscriber, how do you approach it, it is very practical because you cannot escape from it, what people understand is that saying something bad about something  Don't say whatever you want. Someone has said something about your leader. Your leader may be your own leader. Respected Modi ji or Respected Rahul ji. It may be someone else. Respected.  Arvind Kejriwal ji may be listening against him or criticizing him or you find anything negative, I want to tell the public to bring one more word in your life and under some examples I will take you towards a higher order. And that word is Seeking Positivity Itself is a Negative Thing Write this Not Able to Talk About So Called Negative Thing is Also  A negative thing, one word, remove the positive and negative from your life and what to write in its place, listen carefully, remove the positive and negative, write the word, write it down somewhere else you will forget. You will see the video every day, so many come, so many come, so many others come, then it is good.  It will feel like a satsang and if you are not able to use this word then you will not be able to give knowledge to the world and you will get trapped in the cycle of positivity and negativity.  This is negative preparation. Negative preparation. You can see its very simple examples below: You drive a car, any car you own, do you wear a seat belt in it? When you go to drive, do you think the whole time, I will have an accident, I will have an accident, I will have an accident. I will die. If I die, I have to wear this seat belt to save myself. Have you said this somewhere? It has been set in the environment that wearing a sealed belt is for safety.  If you have a car with airbags then it is more safe. Do not drink and drive at night. If this thing is clear to you then it is a negative preparation. There is no emotion in it. You are not seeking positivity in it.  If you are learning then don't wear it. Tell me that someone will do the same. When you are crossing the road, you will look left, then look right, then look left. Will you cross the road carefully or you  Do you cross by being positive that no, nothing will happen, nothing will happen, nothing will happen, that next person will see, all people are good, no one will beat me, can you see how things are on the roads, so you have to prepare in the same way, whenever you are competitive.  Prepare for the exam. Whenever you do anything, this negative preparation will come in handy that brother, if it is done then it is great but if it is not done, then in the same way if any political party is political.  If a leader or someone is doing something, then as a public, we are only asking questions, so this is only a negative preparation that what you have done is so effective, is n't it? If so, then please explain and if you are not able to explain, then  Brother, then we will have to get ready, brother, either tell the government, everyone will get employment, there is no need to worry, we will give it, tell us, and if it is not in your power, we will prepare to go out, brother, tell us in gestures, tell us directly.  If you give, it is even better and the best thing is that you type outside, however, do not send them to Ukraine, that is, to fight Russia's war and these Israel and Hamas are also being sent there where so many of our children are being sent, this and this and so on.  We are also good countries, but we should be told, brother, what can we do, how much is in our control, what we can do for the farmers, what we can not do, where is our money going, are we spending water, then if their things, if we question.  If you ask here why people should do this  It is said that this is negativity. In the pursuit of positivity, you will be deprived of the opportunity to move ahead by understanding the things in your life. In the relationship, if something is not going very well between the husband and wife, then just discuss it.  Not doing is not positivity and discussing is not negativity. You are asking yes brother, if this continues then the relationship will break.  This is a negative preparation, let's talk openly once, yes, what is the issue, no, it is not right, it is ok, I cannot live with my parents, I am being tortured a lot, I cannot live here even for six months, I have bought a house, let's shift.  Let's do it, we will have to talk while going on rent, it is not like that wife comes every day and is sad, this is her reality and you come, do not spread negativity, talk negative about my mother, your mother should not let her live.  As for you, you remain missing in the office for 12 hours a day and even on Saturdays you are playing the program as per your mother's request. Okay, we are going here, we are going there, today that mother's gone, aunt's gone, aunt's gone.  Gone there, went here, new marriage is yours, you are not giving time to your wife and you are my wife, don't talk negative, don't talk negative as soon as you open your mouth, life doesn't work like this.  There is no negativity, I had made a video on that thing earlier also, it was good, I hope you saw it and enjoyed it. What about cognitive dissonance, you will find within the country, the reason is happy with reason, not happy with reason, so you don't have to take sides.  It has to be realized in advance that not every man can make every man happy, not every man can be ultimate, to run this country, to run the world, many men are needed, many people are needed, many idols ji.  There needs to be a consensus, no one thing can be right inside a house, only if the mother is in control, then you know what will happen, if only the father is in control, then you know what will happen, only the children cry, they cry out their pain.  And even if you don't listen to your parents at all, you know what will happen, only by working together, raising your issues and raising your pain, talking, raising people's pain, because sometimes what happens is, like us, this is my channel, how have I  I have told you that this is a channel for the intellectuals, it is not very much for the general public, even for the poor people, so now many people will come and say that hey, you are easy, you can do anything while sitting in the AC or on the sofa.  You, brother, of course, only if there is comfort in my life, only then I am getting a chance to think and think. The man who is the smartest and the one who has time is the one who changes the world. Remember, these people who are running away are the ones.  No idea comes, only one person sees it like this  Many years ago, we were carrying goods from here to there and picking them up. The one who invented the wheel was not the same person who was busy. There is a man sitting like this, he has so much free time that the apple is falling and  To think why the apple is falling because the world had seen the apple falling many years ago but brother Newton was sitting comfortably in front, normally a rich man, a little above a level, a plateful man, he was near Archimedes.  He had the luxury of realizing that while sitting in the bath tub, he was sitting comfortably and thinking how is this flute, then he took out Archimedes' principle, then you have to realize that whoever is thinking, will be doing philosophy, will be thinking, he will be in his own right.  You must have risen a little by thinking and if all those people can't do it, then just because someone is giving it to you and is doing it ready-made, then you can participate and can do it to other people too.  That we should not consume things just like that, if a bridge has collapsed and many bridges are collapsing, accidents are happening somewhere, there are pot holes in the roads, train accidents are happening, accidents like Hathras are happening. So we have to see what is the pattern in them, whether it is being built quickly, on one hand, the infrastructure is already there, we are doing so much great and it is being built so quickly, what can be built slowly, it is very easy to say that they have done so much, we have done so much. Hey, you cooked the vegetables so quickly, then the vegetables came out burnt, were they cooked on high flame or were not tasty because many things get cooked on their own time, you do everything quickly, last time, you were in a hurry, Dwarka. You know that a person had fallen on the expressway. After the fall, the inquiry kept going on and it got delayed. Do you know those who are residents of Gurgaon or not, you must have heard that Dwarka Expressway was being built, a person had fallen.  And he had said that he will be blamed. It is not easy to blame. If someone has put pressure on a company then he never even made an inquiry to understand what happened, who was blamed, why is it possible that you blame someone?  Speak quickly, do it quickly, it is said that the work of haste is of the devil, so this is to discuss things, to speak to the general public, who should not call it negative, everything is good in the country, it is not going to happen by saying that everything is good and like in the country.  Is  It will remain the same by calling yourself a Vishwa Guru (Vishwa Guru). It sounds very good. There is no Vishwa Guru anywhere near him, there is no Dhore, otherwise there must be a desire but we are far away from that, first get the basic things right, you will see the video in Economy.  You will see other things also coming, you will enjoy the content of this channel very much, do not get confused about positivity and negativity here, talk about negative preparation, after a certain age in life, after a certain age, there is a pill which is sorbitated.  If something happens suddenly, like pain in the heart under the tongue, it does not mean that you are a negative person, that you have prepared, if someone has a BP machine, then if there is high BP, then it is necessary to check it at home.  If there is a negative preparation inside then there will be some high blood pressure or some heart related problem, so I have made my own arrangements. Okay, if someone has asthma, then he has kept the Fush Fush ones, or if I have an attack, will I go to the shop? To meet that time, I make preparations in advance to speak, think and do about these things. What is negativity? This is a negative preparation. If you go anywhere, do you not keep everything in your purse or the cards of the purse?  The purse is gone, the money is gone, you go out somewhere, you keep your wife in two or three places, you also keep it in your bag somewhere, some such bag will be in hand, one will be here, the phone is also kept by the man.  Sometimes it does n't happen at all, well, many people do n't think like this, many people are like this, they will keep everything in one place and then go to sleep and then it will be oh, I am done, there are many such people, maybe they are those people.  Those who learn positivity, don't think negatively, don't think negatively, or someone else, only then there will be negative preparation because this is another big disease, all is well, that is in Amir Khan's picture.  People liked it very much, L is well, L is well, I am for Mark, Mark, yes, those who are completely losing their life, many people start losing their life as soon as they think negative like this, so brother, all is well for you, but brother, many of us are.  There will be people who will talk, who will prepare for all the things, so there is a channel for those people also, who can listen, yes, yes, this is going wrong, if these people who awaken intelligence, wisdom and consciousness go more, then this will happen to the population and  it  This is happening and this is happening there, this can happen, yes, we can discuss this, rest of the people should talk positive like this, do not speak ill of anyone, do not speak ill of anyone, if you will not speak ill of anyone, the reason has to come.  Whatever you tell me, if there is a lie in this world, then the truth will also have to come, because what is the system of truth that by the time the truth will tie its laces to get up, the law has traveled, the world at times rotates so fast.  If any person comes, he is telling the truth in his situation, he is giving another perspective, don't speak, they will understand on their own, oh brother, if someone has heard your lies, it becomes the truth because the truth has never come.  Hey Guru ji, don't tell me, we know this, you don't know this much, even after knowing, they start believing it, then what is the problem, he went ahead and someone read it, it has flopped. Therefore, now through this digital medium where people can talk about People Need Faces, brother is explaining in such a manner, then when people write in the comment section also, then they also put their mind to it. When such videos are made, then they comment.  When people go to the section and write something, the person feels like writing something wrong, he sees that there are 50 people writing this, am I the only idiot that I am feeling different, that means everyone is feeling this way, so this is a Better a medium has been made, you guys write in the comment section that how much you agree with what has ever been told in this and are you now guys going to do and prepare yourself in life no negative preparation to NP likh lo ek term hai ek ek I have given a definition and for negative preparation, I am telling this to the men also in gender, I am not saying this.  It is said that women do not have intelligence or they are not there but as a gender a man and man of the house the father and all the heads or whatever Sambalpuri is ok. Negative preparation is that brother the vegetables are getting less so I should do it like this is ok.  If too much chilli is added then what is the remedy? If too much salt is added then I should add potatoes. This happens everywhere wherever the mind is running. It is not that everyone has the capacity to talk about negativity.  So this is a very good term of negative preparation that anything wrong will happen, we are prepared for it and back up to backup to backup and in our true thinking, thought is after this and if this thought is after then we are very relaxed, confident, only then there is peace.  You come to know that some or the other thing is going wrong with you, learn positivity in it and go to sleep. You will not be able to sleep because your intellect knows that brother, if some scandal has happened, then why should that person do it?  That knowledgeable person was telling me that it can be like this, see it like this, my work will be in the videos from here onwards, I will talk like this but at the end of it, I will also take you towards the solution, Dhruv Rathi ji, as he is our dear.  Now people also say that it is good that they raise issues, but they are not able to give solutions because they live outside, that is fine and the complete understanding of the situation is also not good and they present things in black and white only.  I have a lot of subscribers because high road thinking is not needed. Look why I don't have any subscribers because I come here every day, sometimes here, sometimes there, sometimes here, I told you that in cognitive dissonance, a person's mind becomes crazy. Cognitive dissonance is nothing but. Who would like to connect with the nurse of the mind, then you also want a butt like me, the day you go over this hurdle of mine that whatever I say, you will understand it.  Oxy Maran seems like something or there is a contradiction or cognitive dissonance or brain fog, whatever you want to say in this way, it feels like a stress on the mind, then you will get trapped in it, it is possible, I will end on this, I will try to tell. Modi ji is very good and thinks about this country. Rahul Gandhi ji is also very good and thinks about this country. Arvind Kejriwal ji is also very good and thinks about this country. Drav Rathi is also very good and  This Thinks about the country I am also very good and think about this country and you are also very good and think about the country and mostly people in this country are like this but just the way of doing, the way of thinking is different And it is something like, I would like to tell you very well that every person wants to represent India in the Olympics, but not all of them are able to participate in some sport, does the country give a chance to those who demonstrate themselves that I have done this thing?  If there was a gun then my score was this much, in archery my score was this much or in running I was more, everyone's intention is that I, I, I do it, mine is mine, I know everything, okay, so everyone's intention is there, but who will the country give a chance to?  The country thinks that who is the best, but who is the best? The question is, can be or not, everyone's intention is good, it is like that, I will make the vegetable good, I will make it, then someone should be given a chance again and again, but if someone's vegetable is not good.  Now I feel that it can be made better or is there any harm in telling him that brother, put some of this in this one, last time it was like this, I don't feel that we are going well, I am saying the rest, brother, to whom.  Power has been given to me, I have gone and cast my vote, it is the Constitution, I should also listen to the one who is telling me that I have been given a seat or something like a driver, if the passenger is saying, brother, drive properly, drive slowly, don't go left.  If you are sleeping then take a break, take some rest, sleep a little, don't you have the right to drive in a car, leave everything to the driver and sleep, all or many of the people are there, the conductor or the one sitting in front is a little smart.  They keep checking to see if the driver is taking a nap, if he is tired, then it is important in life, it does not mean that you do not like the driver, brother, you are the one who made him sit there, what is the problem if he driving too fast  So tell him to drive very slowly, what is the problem if he is not taking the right turn after looking properly in the mirror, last time he had taken a left turn, he had narrowly escaped, what is it, no, no, don't say, no, he is a good driver, don't speak. Don't think anything negative, nothing will happen, it does n't happen like this, there should be negative preparation, yes, then please share in the comment section, I hope you guys are understanding this thing and also like it. Thank you very much