Hello friends, it will be a very deep topic, it will be beneficial for everyone for the subscribers, also share it. Last time, I had made an Adulz video of mine just to tell what I think, it is episode number 100, today I want to tell something deeper than that, many people enjoy the content.  We are doing it and many people are facing problems, this is also a fact, so I will address those who are facing problems, those who are doing it to enjoy, they do not have this problem.  Which is beyond what I will discuss today and what is the issue for those who are not able to do it? You guys should note down one word - cognitive dissonance. If you understand this thing then there will be a lot of progress in our life against Modi ji.  Say something, say something against the present dispensation, is there any condemnation against it? Who are we going to protest like this? Are we talking normally? Do this, do that, simple form of cognitive dissonance.  The thing is that conflicting belief systems cannot be kept in the mind. For example, you have a very close friend, a very dear friend, you have been a friend for many years. Sometimes you catch him stealing, now he sees it in front of your eyes. Report or maintain friendship, this is cognitive dissonance and there are many such contradictions in life as to what to do, you may like some, you may not like some, then you should understand this. If you want to understand the deeper thing, go through this channel of mine.  I am taking you out of the matrix, brothers and sisters, Red Pill, Blue Pill, Black Pill, which pill will you take next? If you have understood all the things then it can be done easily in Hindi language without giving you the exam of MIT, given by Harvard, given by London School of Economics.  The level is very high from IM, that is why the subscribers will not increase so fast, they will come and go, brother, not many people come to the top notch colleges, I also know that this is 1 lakh.  I know that it will take a lot of effort to reach the subscriber base, but the subscribers who remained and those who remained kept watching the content and did not think that this is political content, what is the benefit to me, I make videos only to benefit you in your personal life.  I am not here to do anything politically, I am telling anyone how to focus on one's life. It is necessary to include such different types of knowledge transferors in every 152 videos so that  You also have to keep hold of your audience, it's like vote bank politics, what is happening, otherwise will you make many people feel that this is a rant, many people do rant, oh this is not right, that too is not right like this.  This is not right, nothing is right, many people have started comparing me with Dhruv Rathi ji, you are Dhruv Rathi's father, I am not old enough to become his father, yes, it is fine, he is in his 30s.  A little more than that, he has washed his hair of knowledge, what to do, okay then Dhruv Rathi ji also has his own respect, he brings things by shik shik shik, I take them to a higher order, I am for the intellectual, I am for the one for whom  I say again and again that whoever has the time to sit comfortably, if you have a driver in your life, a car, a bungalow, a bank balance, whatever Amitabh Bachchan was saying to Shashi Kapoor, whoever has it, it is okay, wall picture.  The dialogue that was in  They are understanding that the channel is for him, not for the rest of the people. Now, how can that man say what else, he will not understand. He is worried about where the money will come from tomorrow, he is worried about his job, he is worried about being fired, he is worried about his life.  Will it happen? It is not for him, it is for intellectuals, it is for influence so that we can influence the society, my subscribers, my family in a way, show the truth, bring it out of the matrix, it is for him, it will not be for everyone.  If a first class child comes, there is talk of PhD, then he will not understand the off course, nor will he go away sulking. Which is okay, then even if you want to become one, it is not necessary to have a bank balance, a car or a bungalow.  That is, if you have a desire and believe in capital science, then you are right and do not become a useless moral science teacher and you are not respected in everything, or you will be insulted, there will be a huge budget. How did you do this to many people? In the last 10, 12, 14 years, it has been explained through marketing through whatever media that countries like Russia were still won by Modi, there too they said that in 2014 it was like this. Let's talk about 2024 as it was in 2014. Modi ji is absolutely right. There was a lot of disappointment in the country and Modi ji came and got married. He is absolutely right about 2024.  There is no need to speak because it seems as if Modi ji is going there anyway. Go to Russia again and condemn your own country. It is not a good thing even in 2014, like someone else does every now and then.  So you should not speak out, friend, the standard should apply to you, so whoever you are a devotee of BJP, what is the difference between me and Dhruv Rathi, I want BJP to do well, I don't think so, Dhruv Rathi ji, he is very bad about BJP. I want to point out the mistakes. BJP is a very lovely and good party and right now it is going into a deep decline. It has taken in so many people from around the world. It has taken in so many people from outside. Now they are signing the slips.  You must have seen that Mawa Mitra ji has written something. Is there a minister whose slip is being cleared? Whose KG? You tell me in the comment section. I will come and learn and he does not want to do it like this but it is getting stuck everywhere in the wrong place.  Everyone is becoming lax everywhere. It has become such that everyone is like Modi ji, this is a game of hockey, no no, you will only score goals, we will save no goals, do as many goals as you want. I am watching the direct collapse of a good party.  Which is not a good thing, so what should BJP do next? It should do good. You will also give advisory to BJP because of me. I have seen many in many comments because of this. If you do not speak good about BJP, then it is not good about the ruling party.  please tell me  Let us take this from you even if you are a Congressman. Let me tell you one thing, let's discuss it in a little more detail. Whatever I talk about will lead to cognitive dissonance. You will have two belief systems. Friend, tell me straight.  Congress is good, BJP is not good, Congress has done all these things, which BJP is doing now, Into the five times, 20, 30, 40 years ago, BJP should dismiss the elected governments.  At least they do something like Operation Kamal or Tack, they directly abolish 356 there, it is so out of phase that sometimes elections are held in Gujarat, sometimes in Rajasthan and sometimes in Andhra Pradesh.  Sometimes elections are held at the Center and they are different, all out of the face, they started happening from the same time, 69, 70, 71 and the 80s and governments were dismissed in them, so all the work is being done, all the work is being done on them.  If they have kept it, it does not mean that even their beliefs will be justified in today's time, because the country has moved forward, earlier they did not know anything about social media news, one used to know Doordarshan, Salma Sultan, she remembers like this, 'Laal Phool Laga'  K Salma, we have come today in such Doordarshan, in 15 minutes it seemed that the country is very perfect, even today if you watch Doordarshan, the country seems as if everything is healed, okay, at that time only that was there, now at that time.  You Could Get Away Doing These Things Which You Can't Get Away With Today  His grandfather had done something that he can do today. Let's see if he has this conflicting belief.  Systems Do Not Become Fan of This Politician We have to make ourselves powerful to the government. The correct word of democracy which is in our country and in the world is more correct word than this democracy is representative democracy. We send our representatives, we do not rule directly. Once we voted for him, we gave him all the rights of decision making, with whom to sign, this has to be done from Russia.  If we are meeting and will get upset with the western country, then we have to stand on this decision that if we are meeting with Russia, then now we will say this, we do n't even know, we will have a lot of knowledge, we must be doing some great work, we have given it to us. Now you don't have to say that anyone can sign anywhere, can do anything to anyone, we have given the right, but brother, questions will be asked in between, friend, tell us also what great work you are doing, tell me exactly what.  is happening That treaty could be signed inside the Artic where our Indian Navy would be able to go, Russia could not and what exactly happened, many a times we tell you what happens, you all have to see, watch the video, understand the entire content.  At any time, an issue is made so big that it seems like a great achievement and nothing happens in the next 10, 20, 15 years. For example, if you remember Manmohan Singh ji.  The first one was the government, before the second one came, there was a no confidence motion and the left had come against it which had supported them earlier. Do you remember on the nuclear treaty with America, it seemed as if we don't know what is going to happen.  The government stake was put down and then after that, you must remember Mulayam Singh's ad was Amar Singh ji and he had supported the government, somehow it was saved and at that time songs like Sing Is were used to come.  King Sings King and later, I don't know, do you people remember that time? Please write in the comment section. It felt like we have achieved something good, very good, but what about which electricity was generated there and how many megawatts were generated there?  What exactly was the benefit of that treaty? Do you people remember anything about it? Now it will continue like this, some will come, some will say, some will not be understood, it will seem that something has become great, everyone will say yes yes, everything has become great, why because everyone  are speaking  It is great, it is going on in the news, leaders are also speaking and my boss is also saying, this is the national pride, I have made a video recently, you all must have seen that the person with respect is very good, it is getting views.  Look, now we have become like a country, earlier we could have been accepted, I am talking about the public, I am a politician by birth, I have to tolerate the crowd, that is why we rule, brother, we rule only, we are the ones who say this.  Take  If you rule us, then they already know this, but now they also have to tell us, we are the people, we are the people, we are the people, we are the people, we are the master, we have to tell, we are becoming aware, we are getting to know, we will ask questions, we will know everything.  If I ask and if I ask everyone, then if Congress comes to the state governments and you are in that state, then questions will be asked about them too, if they talk about some foolishness then their point will also be told, but now the budget is to come, the most powerful is the central government.  She sets everything at the end of every video. I will tell you a little about GST. What data is the government hiding? You write in the comment section. Is GST being hidden so that Chandrababu Naidu asks for more increase?  So give us I do n't know and secondly you will keep coming such small videos which will keep giving you clarity about these things and in the coming time if you want those who are supporters of BJP and those who are devotees.  Those who are also ex-bhakts, I am not ex but those who are called devotees, who are still there, then you are also my subscribers, I will tell you also what should be done, you tell the people of BJP to do something, I will give them a lot of advice too.  I will give practical advice, I will give such advice which even Prashant Kishore ji might not be able to give by taking a consultation of Rs 50 crores, I will give it here for free and you will say wow Guruji wow, so you are not from Congress then neither am I from BJP.  I am neither of BJP nor of Congress, nor am I yours. I am bringing the public out of the matrix so that we can see their drama. That video was a great hit of mine. We will also watch this drama with a smile. If you people have not seen it then watch it.  People also enjoyed it a lot, the way I am bringing these things with ease and with simplicity and relaxation. In this way, you have to watch the channel like youtube1 and enjoyment, only then you will be able to enjoy and if you are watching this till now, then you  It is a request, because look, there is strength in numbers, march towards the figure of 50,000, increase two or three subscribers from your circle because here you will get more political debate for yourself than anywhere else, what will happen to the rest in the debate? Congress people will show BJP down, BJP people will give the address of Congress, what sins you committed 40 years ago, they will tell what are you doing today and hence I will end for you, did you just listen, yes, that's right.  This is fine, but this election, now these next elections will take place after the next 5 years, the power is not changing right now, understand now and ask questions, that is the question, the main thing is that you have the right to ask questions.  And so that the discussion can be correct, Politics is becoming very important, you can directly gain a lot in your personal life from our country's politics, video of that is also going to come. How can youth also join politics? If you want a video, please write in the comment section. We do not pass time in politics. Negativity people are saying that I am very negativity. I am a good person even beyond that.  I will make a video for you to listen to what negativity is and what it is not, so now I hope you got to know what is cognate dissonance, I will also tell you about its negativity.  I will make one more video and you will enjoy it too. The videos will come back to back. Watch them every day. Subscribe to the channel. I want something better than the fuss on other channels and news channels to take away and get a good night's sleep. I want this.  My subscribers should sleep well, yes, I am slowly and gradually starting to understand how this game works and if you subscribe to me now, in three to four months you will start getting a lot of clarity. How are all of them and you can no longer fool us and how can we get them to do the work? How to straighten our own owl? First see what your owl is and then how to straighten it. How to use the politician. This is the biggest thing. Politicians are the people. Here I am teaching people how to use politicians, slowly people come, you are a Congressman, you belong to them, I will do something about BJP in two videos, then Congress people will run away, you would have run away.  This is why I have to make it little by little in between. Please like the channel and subscribe. Thank you very much.