Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting, you all have to see it and share it with everyone because if this thing is done in the society first then people will know the topic. You must have seen it, corruption, marriage market and great learning of corruption. Now, I don't want to do that to any particular person in the country, but as an example, I will put the template for other places too. What happens in the marriage market, there is a girl, there is a boy, and the girl has you. And if you are the father of the boy, then here we will first address you that if there is a father who is corrupt, is in the government system, like there is other vice, then how is the marriage market affected by the corruption money from him, and who is not, how is that? People are affected, they say, how does corruption fit in with Sanu? If someone is doing it, how does it fit in? That is a great learning. I am going to tell you that brother, I don't have to do it, I don't do it, but still how can one be affected and you will understand this completely, dear.  If you go then you will not be affected and what do we have to do in such a society because many times I get comments like this, is that corruption so bad, there should be capital punishment, oh friend, leave it friend, do disgusting scandals like capital punishment, there is no capital there, you are in corruption.  You are late in capitalizing. Practical people say that you are angry from within. You will not reduce the next time either mine or Guru ji's element is less in the world. Tell me.  You understand about the girl, if she is corrupt then you would do well to appoint an officer in the government department, it is okay at different levels, there are different departments, you have appointed something, now if she is getting married, then the girl is average, mother.  I am average in appearance, I don't have any great education, so I have to invest money in marriage. Do you understand what they say, money is not earned money, it is the money of corruption. Now the boy who is coming is a boy's. are a  Boys, they are coming, they also know that they have a wonderful family from behind. Today's definition of a good family would be that they have reduced the wealth. Well, it was more than before but they say that Lakshmi has come, Lakshmi has not come, she has brought Lakshmi.  And what Mataji is saying is that Lakshmi is the one who stays because Lakshmi stays only with Saraswati ji and Saraswati is the one who has wisdom and knowledge. You are bringing that doll with lot of money.  That money has to be taken out because no matter how much money father has made in marriages in his life, big money is lost in marriage, it is lost in singing, it is lost in clothes, car is lost in Guddi Mill caste, no one is giving five rupees, so much corruption.  There is no Let Me Tell You Witch in India, it is a good news, it is okay because I have not done this much, but in the rare cases, which I am telling by calculating the average, then that money is bound to be lost and the girl is with you.  Do n't check to see if she does anything less, because what is there to do less, that means it was money anyway, so now she is of no less use, after a few days, when he goes away, there is a tussle again in marriages and  What is the roller effect happening due to this, there are some girls who are his friends, there are in his friend circle, there are in his relative circle, who are good story with him, Lux is fine even in these terms off, now you will not even speak, why do you say such things to people?  loss and  Also, this is the marriage market, this is India, I am not expressing my views, I am showing the mirror to what is happening to the society, no, not all are good, what is this girl, take mother in studies too, some are good, some are doing jobs. Looking at this she says that if he has got this Lot Saheb, now he has got this Lot Saheb on the basis of money, whatever Lot Saheb can happen on the basis of Papa ji's money, it can also be in the government system or any private or  something If it is possible in me, then she has got this. Okay, now this girl, the other girl, if this girl has got this, then I am this, so I will get this, but now this girl does not have father's money, nor does she have that much.  It is strange that this girl has got this, on what basis has she got this, either she is innocent or she is not going to tell openly, she is not getting such results now because these are east fencing plots, some boys.  East Fencing Park Fencing  Those boys who have corner plots, those plots are taken first or if there is a fairy on them, then the booking should be done first. Due to their caste, they do not get it. Now they live in Kavariya, now they are doing well in the job. The boy would be 29 years 32 years old.  Well, what is the definition of a good boy? The story of one who earns more than you and the story of your friend 's husband. Well, this is the definition. Otherwise, we will reverse this story that the boy's you are corrupt and the boy's where you are. too much  There is corruption, there is a lot of money here, this innocent man does nothing because the money is visible in the same way. In 8th and 10th, he was roaming around with a big phone because it would be a cash register. He is roaming around with a phone, spending it, wearing jeans.  If you have a mobile phone, if you have grown your hair, if you have a bike or if you have taxes, then which exam is he going to take now, this story is not going to be taken care of by anyone, so he is close to you, now you have to marry him too, because brother, it is retirement.  They Dad, who has earned money, the story is there is some system, some of it also has to be stuck to the truck, some scene is made of it that it reduces, it reduces the property, some of our houses are being built, some are real, listen for a long time.  There is a caste but it has no status of its own. Now when a girl has attracted her family member that everything is so visible to that sir, this house is like this, there is this and the marriage should be done like this. But brother  He doesn't have anything, he doesn't like anyone in himself, so now when this worthless person finds a worthy girl, Idli speaking, marriages should take place. I am telling you that this is the girl who was there before and the girl who was here. This girl had told that the son of a corrupt officer and the son of a corrupt officer should get married, but she also knows that he is corrupt and this one is corrupt, they do not marry each other because no story, no story, you get jeans and Jin Tal family respect. False respect, real respect, that too is needed because we have got a lot of money, now if we want respect then we will take respect from another officer who is here now and then, they think that the girl's parents will also be under their control, they have given so much money, no one likes it.  She belongs to a poor family, now we are giving it to her, we are setting it up, everyone is doing less, so this will remain so, their thinking remains like this and here also there is a similar relief that we have not asked for anything from the girl's family because and these people.  also thought that We are giving so much money, so the boy is under control, my boy thinks that the girl will be under control, there is no relief under control, this is also the truth because it has happened, now what next, so this is what is wrong regarding money and this middle  This type of relationships are happening more in the class itself. There are a lot of reports of breakups here. Today, a marital council consultant is telling you that I give airtel consultation in this problem.  The effect is that in the beginning it will appear as if she does not respect her parents. That story will come like this when you listen to the story of Eastern Dog, Eastern Dog, Eastern Dog, then for the second or third time in the whole day, the background is revealed. Now no one tells themselves, but  That is our imagination, what is the game in the story, when you see this in corruption, when you go to weddings, an officer is an officer of this level and in the wedding there is a 80 lakh 90 lakh 1 crore hydraulic lift.  You are giving so many flowers like this, where has the money come from? We always praise corruption that corruption is very bad, but a relative of ours is doing it and if we get a phone then it would be better uncle, ok you ji.  He will become a good brother-in-law, he will become a good relative, he will become a good uncle, he will become everything, they also tell that many of them become very good, now so and so has a son, brother, she has given birth to a lot, brother, she is our son and she is elder.  Because that little robin got up  He used to do it a bit to avoid being noticed and Choudhary is also making it a bit but we never say that we should marry his daughter because fear was a time in India this back, many people in the audience may not know when  Look at these things, Dr. Apna, when it was said like this, now Falna was her in-laws' house, meaning the food she had was probably less, she ate only a little or I don't know, Moral Values ​​are in our country in India, people are listening, see, I am sitting, I know the whole thing.  in the ears  There used to be a fear like this, now no one has any hesitation about getting married, if you want to get married then it is a very good thing brother, there is this much of the above and then there is this much of the other, all this is hypocrisy in the society, we discuss it with a lot of pressure, yes we  So we don't do it but we are ready to do it with such people, brother, when that money comes inside the house, it is okay inside your house, you cannot call her Lakshmi ji, she is not Lakshmi ji, she will not last, she is Lakshmi, Lakshmi.  ji's  Twin Sister, I will teach you this concept in the Astrology class sometime. Wherever Lakshmi ji is present, Lakshmi ji is not visible and wherever she goes, she is a symbol of hatred, distress, stress and frustration and the only way to keep her full is that you  There should also be Saraswati in the house. Saraswati level, which is a symbol of knowledge and wisdom, does not exist. All these corrupt people are their commonality, they are not such big investors. They don't understand how to invest money, they don't invest because firstly its color is not right and also the matter is getting tight and on top of that it is based on these things and hence marriages are further broken. Ask anyone, you did corruption all your life so that you can give up in a marriage and in that also your daughter does not get peace and that money also goes away and you don't even survive in the story after that and then you retire because of corruption.  So till then we can do it, no one is in a job, the job has to end some day, everyone's time will end some day, you have just turned 60, so this is a sign of corruption whenever you attend weddings. Look at the weddings around and see how many people are involved in corruption. Avoid them and praise them. They have a very good arrangement. This is the big one and then in front of it is the street of corruption. Don't say 'D Samaj Haj', you call out.  This society Haj, you call out and all the corrupt people want to do, this is a request, okay now they too must be listening, it is not like there are not all types of listeners, brother, if you are corrupt and the money of corruption is in the world.  Corruption is low and the money of corruption is not to be talked about. Please do n't make this useless show to him. You are telling others that you are spreading chillies. People will look at you from this perspective. For one thing, in the middle of the video, you have made people aware of others as well.  Everyone knows where he is coming from. Everyone knows that brother, there is no government official from peon to cabinet secretary whose salary no one can know. Everyone knows that the top most is Rs. 2.5 lakhs. Basic.  The smaller ones start from 21, they are launched and Dr. Kitna 40 42, whatever percentage is going on, this is how the salary is known, everyone's level is known to be 3%.  There is an increase in the salary of a government employee even after 5 years from today. It is possible to tell today that brother, it will increase so much in SPN, your basic is this much, your level is this much, there is this much increment, if you beat your hand, you will get promotion, then it will not be a simple math which will not be possible after knowing the salary.  The rest of the things you see are when they get married, it puts a lot of pressure on the society and then the honest government is like this, in the government not all are dishonest, now there is something missing but one.  What does Kammo say? The atmosphere has been created in such a way that even the one who is now a normal and honest government has raised expectations from the whole world that brother, this is what happened in so and so's marriage, this one is on a higher post than him, so this one should do more than this.  If there was a need then people extrapolate a lot and when they go to get married they call it time, we do n't want anything, we don't want anything, the meaning in itself is that of another vice, you can clearly define and tell that please don't do this.  We will spend this much. Call both the boy and the girl and tell them that this much will be spent on the marriage. Tell me how to do it. We have to do it this way. We can give you 10-20 lakhs. You can pay your documents and get that 50-60 lakhs.  Buy a flat or you guys make your life like this, this is where genuine marriages take place and for these marriages in a genuine way, I have made a course of premarital consultation.  There will be 2 hours of comment in the area. The one who wants to buy can also become a medical consultant and the fees are as much as his own and the pizza and in that all the questions are openly asked, first brother, tell me what is your account and what next.  There are expectations after coming here because if you have to ask a third person then there is less of a professional even a medical consultant. Before marriage, the boy hand in hand with the girl, the boy hand in hand with the girl's family, the boy and the girl separate from both the girl's family and then the boy with the girl's family and so on.  Apart from the family, so that those questions can be asked to them in the settings, take everybody on D page till this, I am teaching this thing and the video made in this my experience, this corruption is very closely linked with the troubles of marriage because he has troubles only in money. This does not mean that there are only troubles and there are no other troubles. Where there is no money, that cordalter is not true, but wherever there is money, it brings a lot of trouble. Do not even accept such money. Neither perform their Aarti nor clip it, only then corruption will be reduced in this country, just by saying that corruption is bad or corruption should not happen, how it is destroying the fabric, how it destroys the fabric, how corruption destroys the expectations of the people.  How do they tease, how does it happen in weddings, there is a lot because every person is extra political late, father has given so much at the wedding, father-in-law has given so much, their program will be there in future too.  It is set, she has just become an officer and after a long time we want to meet her, but if we don't meet her, I will make her the next son and the next expectation is that this was just a trailer, this is a picture, so I will look good for the whole life, so this is it.  Visions are being crushed and broken under the burden of all expectations and corruption even has a link with marriage. I have made this video with how beautiful it was, I have a request to you all in the form of Guru Dakshin.  Give this video a little spin, people will take their own input, there is every kind of party, there is every kind of party, spread awareness, send it to family group, subscribe the channel, these kind of issues which are having real impact on the society are real issues. Only then will I bring it, the expectations are so high that brother, we have done so much, now the next one should also be taken by the government, now you will marry the government one, now people will not be able to do that much because the system is becoming tight, it is becoming digital and the system will be in the next 5-  10  It will happen in a year that nothing will happen, otherwise that too a call, you have to see, then you get your daughter married in such a place, in the government, he is roaming like small lions, your daughter is not able to work, power, you cannot give endless money.  Now the relationship you built with her was more than money, the girl is no longer a fresh supply, otherwise she will not do anything to you, otherwise her son-in-law will not be very good because you had attracted him with money only, whom you had attracted with money, now that money is yours.  Can't give and and him  If you are not able to find the mother, he is also in this system, then there is a lot of trouble, this too, write your story and keep it in your diary, if you get an idea, then please lionize this person and we have to reduce corruption in this way.  That one who is doing corruption should not be allowed to be rewarded. In personal relationships, corruption outside is bad. If you prepare someone else's relationship then it is bad. If your neighbor does it then it is bad. If it is done in another district then it is bad. But if someone is doing it in your house then he is bad.  So it is the nature of a good man that he does not do it for himself or he is very simple. Who said that the people who do corruption are ill-mannered? Who said that the people who do corruption will look like dirty people or will use some abusive language? It is not necessary but.  Bhi very-very very -very decide humble garden bow and get very kar to dat is de greenness of human beings and you have you decide also  Actually what you want and what you don't want, so always remember this thing, this is a base and in future, if you marry like this, then there will be trouble in marriages. You are sure of this and it is happening and you have seen this in many marriages.  Those who have seen and agree with this, please write in the comment area so that other people also feel that it is not as if I have an empty casserole, I do not come like this and narrate the story by saying hello friends. This is a very clear cut establish trade which I have not been the same for many times. I have repeatedly reconfirmed and confirmed. Have you seen this trade, have you seen it around, have you seen it in some circle, please write in the comment area. Thank you. You