Hello friends, Daily Coaching Center Tragedy, you all know that this video will be on the very painful accident that happened. I would like to highlight three points on which no one has paid attention. I always make the video a little late by three-four days so that as much as possible Discussion is done and whatever is left out, discussion is very important. Whatever is left out, go beyond that and tell me two or three points. I will tell you three points. The third point will be very important and will be very beneficial to everyone. So please watch this video and comment.  Will definitely participate in the section. Let's start with the first thing. Firstly, BJP has maintained the bad condition of Delhi and this is a basic problem in your fight. All the things in Delhi are dirty, these people wash their hands with LG.  The Chief Minister washes his hands in the jail and the people of Delhi were thinking for many days that if he wins all seven seats here, he will win here and he will give free electricity and water. Brother, the two boat ride is causing a lot of trouble. Inside accountability, you see further, I am not talking about taking anyone's side here, but this issue has to be raised, this is a big problem, it is a basic problem, the second thing I would like to tell in this very first point is where this study takes place. Children's coaching centers take place in commercial areas like Mukherjee Nagar or Old Rajendra Nagar, where these hubs are built, which is a commercial area, whenever we talk about a commercial area, it is a residential area.  Apart from residential, one area which we call commercial institutional, brother, we also call it that there will be shops where people will come and buy some goods, sister will buy a suit, someone will buy sweets or there will be a restaurant or there will be a showroom of electronics meaning.  There will be a space or it will be an office. What happens in the office is that any company has an office, there are employees there, they have work stations, there are offices, so there is one place, in both the places it is I told that a defined number of people can go, a defined number of people cannot come more than that, in any shop you cannot see that 200 people are given a set, but these coaching centers are practically schools which have their strengths like  That this is the Rao Academy where this happened and the rest too which were sealed or thousands of children come on any given day. I am not talking about the time when this incident happened. How many were there generally when it is the peak time because last year also there was a fire in Mukherjee Nagar and children had jumped there, no one died in that much accident at that time, perhaps 61 people were injured when that fire broke out, so first of all it was  Who will define, the government will define, MCD will define, brother, how can you let the children enter, so many agencies, it is deadly to go inside the basement, I ca n't breathe, Ava Dhaja ji's me.  I was watching an interview and told that one of his colleagues died while teaching in the basement of a center in Karol Bagh. He was a famous economics teacher. The entry inside the basement is normal. It is filled with water. It was a situation. This was the situation, I am saying it is normal, if some issue happens, there is no stampede, short circuiting happens, small fire happens, one entry and if you put 500 people in it.  As soon as she leaves, she will die, so the biggest issue is that he is going to the basement, why is he going and why is he going, I will tell you further also, no, you will not blame him, where will you blame him, where he is going, ca n't you see?  Your life is not in danger, I will come to the third point and explain it well. So, am I to blame them? Oh, they are to blame. Anyway, trains are derailing, bridges are breaking, you can see what is happening here now.  developmental disorder and  Awadh Hoja ji has come to the center because he has the presence on social media, I am not saying that there is any direct development fault of his, although there are differences of opinion in many ways with Divya Kriti ji, I am fine but Despina is not at fault here.  There is a famous dialogue of his which is going on a lot now that if nothing happens then it is an experience of the people that the anger of the children is bursting, the anger of the children which is bursting is wrong according to me, I will tell that.  Next and children, if you are listening, then listen carefully, this is very important, the third point will be very important. Coming to the second point, why do they study here only in Delhi? Today I am going to reveal that secret, what is so special here?  Why can't they study online? The reason is that children come from small towns and are ready to pay Rs 2 lakh fee in Delhi. If the same knowledge is taught to them in their city and explained to them, then they are not ready to pay the money. Awad Hoja ji said this.  but some calculations  Told and I personally appreciate it because they speak straight on the matter of fact, they say that this is business, which is, this is absolutely business, the teachers here and the coaching centers are businessmen and the children are consumers and so on.  The work of both is demand and supply. Here, Guru-disciple should do this, hold the feet, do this, do this, do not hold grudges. Divya Kriti ji operates in a different zone, which I think, if in that zone  If you operate then you will have to face these shortcomings. You should keep it strictly capitalized and on that basis only, services are being given and money is being taken. Services should be good and money should be talked about. It should be a simple matter.  Awad Hoja ji told a very interesting thing and which is very important to understand this coaching business that he said that there are local famous teachers in Allahabad and those who have studied coaching.  IS coaches used to charge 20 20 25 Hajj for the complete syllabus and even after paying 202000, the kids there felt very stressed and were not ready to give 20 20 2 Hajj when these famous branded players land there.  It is fine in Allahabad, so they hired the same local teachers, no one will come from Switzerland to teach there and now  If the brand comes then it is ready to pay a fee of Rs 1.25 lakh or Rs 2 lakh if ​​the fee is increased because look, the teacher will go only to the good teacher, where he gets more money, the one who teaches and if in Delhi then what is that command?  You can make more money because brother, it is considered an expensive thing, Delhi education is the same and why can't it be done online, after this there has been a ripple effect. Thousands more used to come to Khan Sir's coaching center there in Patna and Varanasi.  If the coaching centers were sealed even inside, then it has started that how was this thing being run and there could be something wrong here. We saw 22 children died in the gaming center in Rajkot. Even before that, all this happened.  This keeps happening, so I come to the third point that firstly, on this second point, I told that it can be done online, what kind of knowledge are you teaching in IAS that you have given him complete education, that you have done that to him?  Paper check will not be done. Paper check will be done.  There are also mediums where you have written your paper, scanned it, sent it and there is an actual competition, they will check it and give it to you. Why do you have to be there forcefully for all the things, because what, parents also feel that recovery is the only way to recover.  When the class will be online then nothing will happen. You tell me brothers and sisters, there is a teacher who teaches on the board only, on what else can he teach and the height of a teacher will be 6 feet, he will have a face and he will have a voice. So many people are sitting, thousands of people are sitting there, the first 10, 20, 30, they are seeing someone, the teacher and hearing the voice, the rest behind, don't know which mic they have put on mute, so now you can watch this video.  You are watching it comfortably and quietly in your ears, if I stand here, put a board in its place and start writing, let's teach history, Mughals came for the Battle of Panipat in 1526, then what is there to understand in this?  They came in 1526, you have to understand something, then there was a fight there with Brahm Lodi, Battle of Khanwa in 1527, then Second Battle in 1556, then Sher Shah Suri died in 1545, then Akbar ji left in 1605, then this Taj Mahal was built, then this is how Aurangzeb came, Aurangzeb came.  1707, then this period came, then the Maratha attack, then this came, the British came and quit.  Make India, friend, whatever you want to make, give me the notes of the rest of the book, give me the notes, the man will read it, what kind of new knowledge are you going to teach, can anyone be good, but only I have to come in those narrow streets where these children study.  The focus is getting more, I want to focus on the places where these children live, my third point is very important to remain constant, now secondly, look at the places where these children live, there is no air and they are 3030 40 50 yards away.  These are ghettos and if something happens there, the children cannot run away. Many news channels have shown the conditions in which they live and look at the food conditions of their messages, what a compulsion, man, are you becoming an IS? Become better than this friend, at least you will live in a clean place, at least you will not be covered with leather, in such a condition it looks like IS Esperance and everywhere IAS Esperance, Esperance and all this, this,  12th pass, 12th fail, the picture that was made is still going on, a picture will come in many circles, otherwise, this is a struggle, you have to go through it, you have risked your life here, you have unfortunately lost so much of your life, you are in such unhygienic conditions.  Where are you staying, what food are you eating? Come to Okla and see what is the compulsion, what are you becoming? Friend, you study at your home, it will be good there, but many people have to study at home too.  We have to run away from small cities or will we go to big cities because there are many other activities happening there and there are many scandals, this is also a fact, not all are coming to study, not all are even studying but they are asking their parents. How to withdraw money on daily basis, on monthly basis, two-three years will be spent in preparing for the exam, but let's see, let's have some fun because in that small town there is nothing happening, boys and girls, roaming around, dating, sex and drugs.  वशा वो वाहो  If there are no programs then that's why there is that other wise person from the big city who wants to study genuinely. He should come and roam around once, take his notes and do something, do that and do it online, there are all the facilities and let me tell you why are you coming brother.  If there is no environment to study in your house, then brother, take a hostel somewhere else and stay left and right in your city. And if there is no such environment then it is necessary for the people of this city to become like a fool everywhere. Hey, what kind of heart are you like this?  It can break. Hey brother, life is going here. Here I come to the third point which is very important. It's very easy to come and blame the government. Government, life is yours. Where will you go by blaming the government? The train descends, it descends. This water of yours fills people while dying. The third thing that I am going to tell you is that remember one word, it is used more in flying which is pilots but it Write importance in your life if you want to avoid situational awareness. In other countries things are taught in life. In our country no one cares. I am telling you as an example. You go to Goa and people get swept away in the middle there.  It's not like there was an ocean, there was a beach, it's okay, you didn't know how to swim, you went too close because the world was moving, the world was doing it, it happened with you too and someone got swept away and died, so how much news comes. People do not have situation awareness. The children who come from outside cannot survive. They have such easy dream eyes. In this case, like there were two girls, there was a slow reaction. Hey, what are you doing now? Why are you blaming them for this? Hey friend, don't blame them. I am doing it friend, blame the MCD, blame the sewer, blame the common man, blame the BJP, blame any minister, abuse him as much as you want, give whatever you want. I am not diverting them but I am teaching you that if you cross the road then you should be aware or not. If suddenly a life death situation comes then who will teach these things, these things are not taught in our schools, parents do not teach them in US.  There is a lot of shooting, Tatt guns are fired there, as soon as there was an attack on Trump, you saw that everyone bowed down because they have been trained, they have such incidents, they know that if a bullet is fired, do not start running, the bullet is fired first.  So everyone lie down, a basic drill is called, we don't have these things here, there is no awareness, there are dreamy eyes, their focus is on mobile, I am telling them, people taking selfies in mobile phones are dying, there is no situation awareness, it is raining outside.  It is pouring water outside. Water had come earlier also. It may be coming. Someone is running from inside. Someone is shouting. Be aware of what clothes I am sitting in. Am I wearing shoes? Women  Many a times I stop her from walking around wearing slippers because she has nail polish on her feet and that's how they should be worn. Look at any woman in school, that is, wherever you go, who is wearing sports shoes, which are for survival?  The most important thing is to run away, wherever someone teases you, if you have to run away then men roam around wearing these, here they also roam around wearing heels, they roam around wearing sarees, now that country is no more, if you like it.  If you don't understand whether you have to go to work or wear a saree and go to this grand function and there will be so much crowd these days, then who will teach this practical thing to the children and tell you that you have to be extremely situation aware? Let me tell you a small thing, outsider bomb.  In Mumbai, boarding and de-boarding the local is an art and the one who doesn't know, the outsider will die, that too is an art. Many years ago, I just say by God's grace, say something, I am very personal.  Give an example: I hate it but I have had a privileged childhood. I did not know how to get on and off the buses. Otherwise, when a person first starts earning his money, then he realizes that he is spending a lot of money on taxis, so one of the Days I was going in a DTC bus, I was fine and had to go somewhere by going to the railway station and catch a train, so I had luggage, so this was my first experience of life and it was many years ago.  Why and I remember the experience because after that I never had another experience and let me tell you why it didn't happen. I know that DTC people do n't just stop the bus, they slow down, you are supposed to get down and even if your suitcase with luggage is one.  Yes, but I did n't know how to get down, and as soon as I got down, I got down and the train came from above, I was about to die, that was the day and the last day, brother, then I had to board the DTC buses.  It does n't mean anything, but I know that every big dozen of these children cannot afford it, so brother, for that you will have to take a training and after living in a small town, when you suddenly come to a big city, you know.  Not only survival, how to climb, descend, sit, what to do, for that you have to be extremely alert and these things, parents and guardians and where those coaching centers are, these are the divine creations, they should also keep all these things.  Those children who come from outside will have to say that brother, how to survive here, this is not your small town, go here at night, go to this place, tease a girl, do all this, all these things can happen, who will guide you, otherwise tell me, the country.  Look, there should be fear, but can a girl go out at 2 o'clock in the night? Can you watch for it safely all over the country? Once Sheila Dikshit ji had said that if you go out at night, you would be a big troll, that's Chief.  She is a minister so she cannot speak, she has to maintain law and order and all this, although Delhi Police does not come under the Chief Minister, but she had a government in that time center also, but the fact is that life is mine, life is ours, isn't it here?  But if we are not aware of the situation, then no matter how much you argue that this should be fixed a little, that is the track of the railways, these people get down here, this is the track and from here, those three are going to climb, there is a gap in them. Age  There is a huge gap, I don't know now, it has been changed or not, but it was there since ages, many people used to get stuck in it, now keep talking, the government is stupid, keep talking, many people are risking their lives and instead of going from above, they also take shortcuts.  There are many crossing gates for trains to lower the train and take it out like this, people do this and they get away, many people are very expert but what happens is that if someone copies many things, then I do n't know.  If it works, this situational awareness is not instilled in our society. For example, how many times have we seen children from Bombay or Chennai or a college somewhere, who went to Himachal Pradesh for an outing and took a bus like this and they went somewhere like this.  It looks like a dry river and in the middle it looks like an island. They are going there to take photos and the dam water is released there. Water is released there every day but no one told them not to go there. There was a board in front of them.  He was looking crooked, no one noticed, everyone was clicking their selfies. How many times have we heard such stories of five children being swept away. So children have this age, isn't it? This is the age of 20 to 27 26.  I have a very dreamy mind, I do n't know where death can come from, we will have to give training to our daughters and girls, they will also have to be smart, brother, if you go to the basement somewhere then make them a prisoner in your life today.  Those who are listening to me, ban them from going to the basement, wherever there is any commercial activity and that is Palika Bazar. Why do you have to go anywhere, anyone inside, anyone below, there is anything inside, anyone, wherever you are.  The crowd seems to be huge, stop going, see the incident of Hathras in India, see the incident of Rajkot, you have to go on the same day, there is going to be the same crowd, otherwise we 500 children will study, how can I, and Avaja ji says that the government.  Don't you want to limit the number of children to 200? Hey, hit the limit in the classroom. There are 40 children. How can you put 200 children in a room? How many will they come out of? And they are saying that the limit should be kept below 200, why brother, why should it be kept below 200? Why don't you shift to Greater Nod, it will be good for that city too, there you will get commercial and cheap accommodation, you will get residential, you will also get hostel, do that either you or them.  Make it mandatory that you will have to take school premises. For coaching, type with end schools. After school, do your runs all night long. You can type with schools with private schools that we have our own coaching center here. What do you need, classroom only.  So you need to get AC installed there, you earn so much money and take those four, five or six classes as your own, take as many school premises on rent as you want, type them, start teaching in government schools and other government schools.  Within the schools, the government can give subsidy to them and can say that you should give tuition to the children of the poor because we have given you these resources. Those of the government schools also say that Delhi schools are very beautiful and good, then brother, Delhi government is doing this. So which one is in your hand, you are crying in the name of BJP, Aam Aadmi Party people, tell me, this is a government school, there are so many of them in this area, tap this, no one will die here because government schools are open, aren't many?  only open Traveling there means it is very comfortable, they will sit comfortably and teach you and whatever their fee of 20 paise, calculate it and in return tell the poor children that these 10 more children will sit, what difference does it make to them if they are getting premises.  This is where they are teaching 100 thousand children, they will teach 100 more, what is the problem with them, do this type of vote bank politics, how is the idea, tell me, my work is to watch every video.  You have to give solution also, do n't wake up from hopeless despair, don't have so much dependence on everything, this is the case in the government too and wherever people are sitting, they are sitting just like our intellect, they are not very intelligent, they had passed some exam, it was a mistake.  It is not like that their IQ will increase a lot since then it has only decreased and these people cannot think so much out of the box, so spread this thing, spread this video, the third point is in our hands.  We can do whatever is in our hands. If you are listening to this video, then whatever can go wrong with our children, from crossing the road to boarding a plane, we have to be situation aware everywhere, no matter what happens anywhere.  When a person goes in a plane for the first time, then how to check in from there, how is the luggage going there, where to enter from where, you should be aware of something, otherwise you can't board the escalator anywhere.  An issue for people who  Those who have never climbed a escalator can fall in life. What is it for them? It is safe. Many people may get scared. Many people may have issues. So please spread. India is a country where situational.  There is no awareness, it seems that if something happens, someone else will do it. Recently an incident happened, a grandmother left her grandson. 5 year old was looking at the lifeguard mobile in the swimming pool. Run after the builder, grandmother. No one will ask why she left her grandson because the grandmother is an old woman and the grandson was a child of 5 years, no one will tell her that she has left all your life and property, let someone else protect them and if he doesn't then it will become his.  It may happen, but your child will not come, nor will yours come, here it is a simple thing, I want to tell all this, in our country, the rider is responsible for his life and property, it is also written somewhere that they will not do, they should not do, they should not do.  should should do  This should not have been done, now do it, uproot them, what will you uproot them, what will you do, you will punish them, then the punishment has become compensation, then why did you leave the grandson in the care of the grandmother? Because what did the mother have to do, what was the father doing? You have made SO pieces of security inside your house. I want to awaken this for everyone. I was thinking that this will see, this will see, this will see, no SO is there because the boss sucks the soul there.  If he has to work there, then the children are naughty, they leave the grandson to the grandmother and come to the house in that swimming pool and ask her, but this is not a normal thing to do because the one who gets the grievance becomes the one who gets the grief because the same thing happens.  Isn't it the wrong thing, brother, blame someone else, it is better to blame someone else who was responsible, but are you living your life relying on him, wo n't you check something, is there so much dedication, look, you have to do it for the doctor, but  to which hospital  Which doctor you go to is also in your hands, you cannot control all the situations, in some you will have to surrender, you will have to have faith, but there is no need to have faith in everything, in others you can control your mind.  If it can be used, you are sending your children to Mukherjee Nagar and Old Rayar Nagar, so brother, there is a lot of dirty work there, stomach upset, diseases, food poisoning, eating dirty food, there are many issues, don't send all your loved ones back. Call me, I am saying through this video, there is no suitable place to stay here, coaching has to be done, whoever wants to pass, he has to pass and whoever has to pass his time, he has to do the examination and do it like this.  Will get it done even with money, there is danger to life too, stomach is also bad and there are more chances of getting scared due to bad habits, so please spread this message and I hope you all will follow this. Thank you very much.  mach h