Hello friends, today we will discuss Dharma is in danger Part Tu Part One Very nice Rishi, very good comments have come, this one will take the level much higher, the concluding part will be you guys share it with as many people as you can and whenever I have a  The social media person had also made a statement that if such a thing has come then this is a counter arrow, send it to the people and tell them and let's see what people have to say on this, I will tell you exactly what is in danger, some are in danger, some are.  It is in danger, but I will tell you what is in danger and you must watch the TV. Start enjoying. Wherever these people say that religion is in danger, ask where it is evident or are you spreading more stories. Take it out and see the danger.  Is it visible or is the story more visible to you, this is one second thing, I want you skis, Indian has democracy, we collect government, small government, state's big central, all big democracy, if any  There is a kind of danger to the citizens, it is a failure of the government, brothers, whether it is there or not, I will talk a little logically and they say no, I will do it, is there a word in Haryana or it means embarrassment, it is a word of a higher level than embarrassment, please people of Haryana, if anyone write,  And if you know the meaning of butter, then listen carefully brother, if the government is failing then the government will have to be changed, or else tell me clearly that it is not in danger right now.  But if you do something then you will be in danger, you understand what I am saying, my subscribers are order thinking people, okay, if you don't say no, there is danger there, let's take it, there is danger, so now this is complete.  Our map of India is like this and here the story is going on, are you okay with this, so now the government collects here, the voting percentage of the people there is 75 80%, it has come from a similar province where there is a lot of Allah match. Brother, then the voting percentage is 80% and in that we also know which party got how many votes. Okay, in that we also have an idea of ​​other things as to who is within which percentage, so that means you are in danger.  You are saying that the brothers who are a threat to them have voted for the government which is a threat to them, then that means they are crazy, they take their mother, they do not have their own brain and intelligence and they have selected the one who is a threat to themselves, but you are there in you.  have to save  So you can't have a child through WhatsApp and Twitter because in our country in India, only votes will suffice, so you pick up your sack and bed and start living in the state and become the water there, two by five, 10. Change your home in 15-20 years. Why not save your religion? Do you want to save your religion only by shouting, you have one purpose, you have one purpose, you have to fulfill your courage, wherever you find something wrong, you all stand up.  Of Which does not seem to everyone or is just creating noise on social media, it means not going into actual, if you do not have courage in actual, then you have to see this is the biggest thing and what is the biggest threat, I will come to that.  But you will read and answer the questions with me in the comment area which is connected to me. It is okay because it is okay to say who has been expelled like this. Hello in Manipur, do you not know what is happening in Manipur, live so much, which one is yours there?  What program is being discussed? Do you have any idea about the meaning of anything? This is my request. Those who do not know all this, please do not come to this channel. I want to take them forward by doing intellectual talks with intelligent people by doing a channel 'Chutki'. I want to take them forward, not a fool.  To attract those of you who don't know what is happening then please you do n't need to watch this video. It is not necessary to watch this channel. There are 10 crore channels on YouTube. Anyone can watch it. Intelligent people want to listen.  Those who enjoy it, please do it sometime or if you can answer then tell me one thing in which community or religion there is a threat to marriage. In which community there is a threat to marriage. In which community there will be area 498, no marriage. In which community is gender device more prevalent? Men are not good. Women are not good. Which people of the women's class do not want to do anything? In which community are the people who also want lassa?  Those who want only government jobs and those who do not want to show anything less, talk community wise, from the puncture repairer to the carpenter to the plumber to the lake electrician to the garbage collector to all these, the hands are less, the tailor is less.  Which will not be done by your IA, which will not be done by laptop, which will not be done by sitting in the office, I am trying to tell you, brothers and sisters, I am telling you now with the example of Guru Gaon.  It is a dead month old incident, I am making some noise here, you know it is fine, it had an impact here also, later on you will become three brothers who in the coming 5 years will do at least one particular thing from then, put your mind to help you.  You don't get less, you do n't change the bed seat, you don't have your utensils, you don't take out the garbage, nothing gets less from you, I am speaking the truth, I am an astrologer myself, I have to understand religion, I am practicing, I don't have any English, this is a suit  I am definitely wearing ghost type. Next time if you tell me, I will come wearing kurta-pajama and that too is less. Many a times I have to go for a story interview in the office. To get a job, I have to wear it. Before that, I had given my timing history in Gurugram.  I told you the situation, what happened to the daughter-in-law, the troubles of the daughter-in-law and how is the gender divide, who goes to which group, you tell me where they do not want to live together and cannot where the cases of divorce are more like this.  What is happening in the family court? Go and see what is happening in the family courts. You will know on your own what is the biggest defaulter. The last one I will tell you is Acharya ji, who is he? Write down his name too. Wisdom, conscience and consciousness have started to awaken. Only the words of religion, blessings, laws, big and small will save us. If we go only there, then there is a mess of numbers. Which foreign country are more people going to? Tell me, those from our country.  Many children go, 100 children go, some of them are going, you have all this data, some are irritated and go, what kind of atmosphere have you created for 24 hours. If there is any picture on everything then boycott it.  If any actor comes then boycott it, I have done such a big stupidity, now I will tell from the middle of this video and I will also correct it, I said that the Jawan picture is useless because I have mistakenly placed it on top of the picture.  Took the eye because I thought like a logical person, people did it through religion and joined me, it's absolutely fine, their do it, I am God, what kid of people you track, Shahrukh character video on it, I felt the picture, when Gadar nonsense was done, I said it  You are this, when I said this is useless, then I said yes, it is absolutely fine, then people don't want to listen to it, hey, we are talking about a movie, now he will pick up some topic of a movie like this and that movie will be cinematic.  This is nonsense but if the agenda is not hit then it would be very good if you say something against him Dog then you will say that you have become the Ganges of religion, you have become against this person, you have become against him, I am scared to open my mouth in my own country.  If religion is in danger, then say that it is important to understand the matter, not from anyone else, but from the people, why are you so sentimental, come on, it is the Indian family that is most in danger and I and I too have something better.  I will also tell you something, listened carefully, did you enjoy it so far, then tell me, Indian family is in the most danger. Yes, in Indian family, husband and wife quarrel, children and mother do not listen to you. The parents who are gone are the ones who are the most forward. Their children do not listen. I do n't know.  Who are you protecting whom? First protect your home, don't protect your home. Let's not talk. I know the real status of the society because you know it too, but what is the bigger picture?  Let's go so that we can listen to our people who are relieved inside the house because talk outside because they are all in danger. Today I want to tell you one thing very openly and with love and I will do some intoxicating video.  No, I am not an intoxicant at all, meaning I have never given up, I have never taken any kind of drug in my life. Yes, sometimes I drink tea or coffee and lie down. If you want to add that too, then I do that and lie down, but now this  The video was made without any coffee. So, you can't comment on this at all. Whatever I am going to tell you, listen carefully to my subscribers who like and want to bring the story in their life. Listen carefully to the person who wants good sex in tent amount, sex and quality food, mother.  You get these two things, you get forgiveness, you don't shout, these two things are available to very few people. Across all the countries and in the present times, this is the real reason for frustration. People are asking for it and holding on to the rest of the things.  Chilli is just a big factor, next time anybody shot is generally shooting, what is his brother, his program has been spoiled, some bad habits of childhood, no one has explained about the topic of porn and masturbation, I will make a separate video of mine.  It is pending on Clarity Channel, Guruji can explain exactly what it means, with utmost attention, what is the meaning of sir game pressure and to press and to do, I am not ashamed to tell you exactly what to do with it, to oxidize routine with dopamine.  All this has shaken the public and these hormonal cells have happened, now that program there has gone wrong, so there is a lot of frustration, there is no such perfume, no one is so religious, no one is so religious, at least check with some person in the morning.  What do I do in the evening, I don't do less religious work, but I scream the most because I need a sister to scream, I am in pain, I am in pain, India needs you to talk about this sex, the children who are growing now and those who are from the Middle East and the uncles too.  There is a lot of frustration in life  More because the wife has become ill-formed or the wife's program is bad. Come and see this, you will laugh with a straight face, this is adult content, that is adult adult, now how can she tell her that in reality this is the frustration, tell this to your children in the society.  Tell him if his wife knows then he has set out on some purpose in life because the energy has to be extracted from within, right by chilling the story, next time you see, next time you see.  These people are like brother-in-law, they are not even getting food. If they don't get sex, food is normal, even if they get food like mother, then there should be peace on the basis of caste. They got good food, even that which belongs to mother, women are not cooking it at home, they are having trouble in marriages.  And if someone is reducing it, then someone is not doing it at home, the food is being cooked cold, in the microwave, ask one of you how much is the food cost per gram, how much is the food per gram, who is getting it for the flower, brother, and  his second one is less isn't it  He should relax a little, as much as his wisdom is as quick as his intelligence, he does n't necessarily need the story of running away. Two items, no one told him, everyone would feel ashamed, if no one told him on YouTube, then first of all, they have you, you are in the house, you are in order, you are home in order, you are family in.  Order yes, we will discuss this also but what is the thing in danger, it is in your hands, people's stomachs are not cleaned, the public is lying in the concept, oh your stomach is not in your hands, the stomach is not cleaned by you, the body is in your hands.  no blue  Look at the report, more than half of Vitamin D and B12 are low. Whoever is listening to me now, who has not done both the tests in the last 6 months, I request with folded hands, there is no affiliate marketing by typing from someone live. John is saying please go and test yourself, you will get less of both the things and the one who shouts the most and WhatsApp is saved the most and those who are from TV channels, everyone's B12 and di, when will they get it, okay this Chillam Chilli.  has come  That's why I am telling you that one, I told you, that good one, that program about sex and food, that one, this one, give it and fix B12, this too will start getting better, the stomach is not clean, the blood is the story and there is relief, there is relief in becoming irritable.  You keep sitting, there is no axis, the bus has tightened, everyone has tightened, shout at whom and then say, shout on religion, there is no purpose to shout, right, these days we don't want wives, we will shout at the wife who picks up, civil, give it, won't you understand?  You have to shout at the children, even the children will be strong on this day, they will put it to rest, even the juniors don't take much, then what to do, what to do, then they used the space on user one, two, three, five, this is the reverse, the direct meaning, look at the name of theirs, whatever is mine.  They troll, right? I have seen the pattern. No human being's child has a name. They have the name of a donkey's child. Okay, that means donkey ji should not be defamed. It means some strange name, digital type. Don't have so much courage to do something.  what is your name  It is okay, he can write something and if you have not written your name on your own social ID, then what kind of power do you have, friend, will you save me? Hey, save me, you have to save me, if she is in danger, then I am, I am religious.  I am a human being, brother, I follow all the rituals, I follow all the studies, I practice, I also provide services in the profession, I am telling you that first of all, if someone else tells it, then everyone will think that this person is from the other side.  Is he there or has he gone to Kim or has he gone anyway? Brother, I am just practicing, you can't do more than this, I don't think so, then you are sitting there exactly like him, which means I wish you great silence and great love. Understanding with sensitivity and affection and with love, I have been saying that get your brain and your body in order and give a date to your closest family members, take a long breath, this brain behind one vote will spoil you so much. Tell them brother, when you come, we will give you mother's talk, don't send it. I was reading the message, we will give you one, give me peace, I am thinking of this, think of something, if you can give one, then you ca n't give, why does he do all these things?  You are roaming around you love someone give vote no know you bill also do if you know do you know it's in danger to danger will it go will it be 10 months now danger's pick will increase meaning graph like this like meaning someone like that is there isn't that  There is a danger of failure because if you are passing the exam then you will fail, you will fail, danger, danger, danger, that means then that danger is completely cured, after three years, there is no problem, see guys, what is happening, take a deep breath, everyone.  It's great, you don't comment, we just take a breath, this thing has been going on for 15-20 thousand years, it has nothing to do with it, you are in danger, your intelligence is in danger, your decision making, your logic, your life and your  Peace is in danger, if peace is in danger then what is peace, the trouble has gone so much, Acharya ji, I want to ask him one thing, he has a very big dad crore, so keep subscribing and he supports you a lot, ask one thing, brother, I have a lot of knowledge, people call me  You do that with them, you do the scriptures, you do it, they will do it for you in a minute, yes, they will do it to me, but ask me a question, sir, he has the knowledge of everything, sir, he has the knowledge of religion, music, Vedanta sir, he has the knowledge brother.  If If that frustration, pain, bitterness is visible on his face, I don't want such knowledge. I am telling this by saying follow dose people, those who have peace on their faces, it is fun for whatever reason and I am telling you this fun only after getting intoxicated. I don't think you have any anger in my face too, I don't have the chip of Yuga, I want to shave and become Baba Ji in me, I feel just like you in me, I also tell you the story, is there any frustration in my face, is it easy? If  If you know the basics of something then be happy then it should be fun and you don't like this training, just like I talk too, I do n't understand what I say, so if I know and that knowledge.  I have it on my face, still there should be a little smile on my face, so it should be like this, why is he angry from inside, because your point is not accepted, this is a point of force, see, the country is free, everyone has this freedom of speech.  everything should be said When I speak, I never do that to anyone, they say, you are a dead crore, you are also creating some ruckus, but a counter view should also come, at least someone should stand by, he tells me many times, hey, you are here, you are here. So much is going on that Yeh Dil Peepal Hoon, you know like me and are me subscribers and the farming that I tell you is the same thing, brother, you are also like me and it is such a big balloon, there is a lot of basil in it, okay, you need more than this. Man, one guy is enough  There is someone to tell and that once this intelligence and understanding of the thing spreads quickly because of what I am spreading, then he will be completely at peace and it will keep decreasing in the caste market and it will not have any effect. He will keep doing One Vote.  And religion and rule and democracy and whatever, all this will always remain like this, you can't do this like this, you people say don't talk about this, no we will have to talk about politics, many times those who are seen as very intellectual type say no let's say  note talk  About religion and politics they should not they should always talk about politics and religion they should know you talk about it only problem is they don't you talk about it we are afraid that I will speak my views I will speak my shoe back  This is where the story will become a hot topic in the gathering, this is the fear that we have from authorized politics, this is called extreme politics, so in the family of India.  Political religion should be discussed completely. Religion, all religions are good, all the things of all religions should be discussed thoroughly, rest of the color interpretation, we can whiten it. Wherever Jha does not get peace and happiness, he calls things as words. Do whatever you understand, take as much of it as you like, and if you understand it well, it empowers you from within, just take that, that is the religion, it is the education, it is 100%, so no one has taught it, it took the whole life to learn it.  will go Even then you will not be able to learn and then you will learn ultimately that it was only that much, that is, even if you had learned this much, it would have been enough. Gautam Buddha comes to his house after 6 years, when he got the glory of knowledge, he meets his wife, the wife asks.  That brother, I got this knowledge, I went for good knowledge, this knowledge could not be got at home, so the intellect says that we could have got it because it was possible, then why did I go because this thing came to light after going there and the conversation is recording.  Whatever is the conversation, which is told from the middle of the storage of our books, how much of a story it came to know after going there that this could have been known here also, so when we have come to know about it, then why should we do it like this?  Our ancient ancestors, Across Religious, tell them that some of their things are good, so just do it, there is a need to reinvent them, today live peacefully and take long breaths in your life, do not give the same as you saw in this video and so on there.  Tell me what happened, they got thrown out of there.  Migration happens, people leave, now there will be less, cement will go, nothing like this is happening, from where will the soil go, will the cement go, do you have money in the bank, you register the plot, to whom the money has gone, the ability to earn money, the hard work in it.  Works hard, means to earn money in real life, which is the only way he is focused on this that I will make him win from here, then those who don't win will win, then only those who have it, then understand what depowers him this today. So I hope you will continue to get videos in future also, you guys will please share like this, thank you very much, this is a request for match and subscribers, if you are liking this thing, if you are posting it on the group, if you are your family, then please subscribe, just a little attention where.  Let's make it bigger because if we move ahead we are touching 10000 subscribers and then 10 to 20000-20 to 30000 then  And you will enjoy, there is a lot of clarity on this matter, please subscribe your friend, please do it, friend, I mean, listen once, yes, if you understand, you will like it, only off course, it is okay, but do it once.  And if you have some other kind of view point too much then brother this is no yes I am coming and understanding d other view point also you keep your own once come and see for yourself maybe you will get confused maybe you will come to know  Hey man, this is a narrative, this can also go on like this, thank you very match.