Hello friends, the direct tax code will be brought by the government only, it is an invitation, that workout is not happening, the situation is a bit thin, after the elections of BJP and the government, we will know where it will be held now in four states, so it seems like this in the month of February.  This is another hope from Modi ji and the government that the tax burden on the common man will be reduced in the Direct Tax Code. These slabs will be reduced, maybe the top slab will be reduced to 25 i.e. 25. And then one by one after the particular income, more M-shares are inserted and they will be deleted. Normally, it is claimed in the government that whenever a new thing comes, they say that we have simplified it, however, it is quite the opposite, there is more curd in the brain.  Recently, this long term capital gain which went from 10 to 125, how much remains in the budget, first removed the indexation, then imposed it, set aside the conditions for imposing it and further complicated it by chartering it.  Accountants also say meaning, will tell, will tell, will tell, it was like this before when GST was implemented, then such situation happened, every time they do like this, it means that the claim remains something, they do something, then it is a fact, so it is still DTC.  We will say that we have to simplify it, time will tell how simple it will be, but relief will definitely have to be given, so it is possible that your tax used to be ₹ 1, now it will be ₹ 80. It is proposed that a wave of ₹ will run in it. Hopefully, which elections will be coming next time, Delhi elections are next year and Bihar elections, maybe they will do it before that, Bihar's are late, Delhi's will come at that time, but 20 will mean something if your money is saved.  So the wave will run but I feel that long term capital gains will increase everyone because when you have money left, you can do only two things with anything, you can either enjoy it or spend it which is good for the economy.  Because you will spend or you can invest beyond that, long term capital gain on investment will be increased sir and let the highest limit on everything be the same long term capital gain. People will make any narrative that there is a profit on FD.  If the old man pays the full slab tax, then if he tells some story by doing this, then the only thing is that he will reduce the money today and he will say where will it go when he puts it somewhere or he can spend whatever is left. Even after that, we will have to pay GST, VST, and what is the principle of the economy that it will increase liquidity a little, the second thing will be if you invest somewhere, it will increase for a long time, then Waraku ji Ankur Waraku ji, our calculations will be all up and down, they will have to do it again.  They will have to do calculations in Excel. The Rs 900 crore that was going to be made in 90 years may now be reduced to Rs 600 crore because the tax package will increase. So that's fine.  This will be in the calculations but the most interesting thing that I see in practical is that real estate and equity are the main ones in which people invest, they also invest in gold etc. but what you invest in will make a difference, real estate will definitely have a great advantage.  If this is a capital gain because at some point of time in equity you have to book profit and there is no cash flow. If this happens then it is all speculative but  You can prepare from now on in real estate. Have you bought a timeless property? Have you bought a family property? Taxes are being charged on it as much as the profit but the rent is coming and you are not selling it and you can just sit through it.  It is not like this in Generation on a Good Property Versus Equity. Which shares did father buy? The next generation does not know. Wife does not know. No one knows. So when it comes to them, videos will be made. Right now, speckle is in it but it is important that some  Nothing will change due to increase in capital gains. If the stock increases in the market, it is okay. If it increases, then there will be a possibility of correction in the market, but since the government will reduce the income tax, then money will come into the hands of the people, then this is good news and bad news.  The market will become like this, meaning it will not be disturbed much because if you are increasing the disposable income by reducing the income tax in the hands of so many crores of people, then it will definitely have a positive effect. Yes, the market will come.  Will get used to that I used to earn ₹ 1 on which I had to pay 125, maybe if I bring maximum ₹ 2500000 to 25 then you will be paid on slab rate, there may be more participation in it, demat account will increase further.  The women in the house who do not earn money should have income in their name, such as investments should be made in their name because giving or receiving money in blood relation is not taxable.  The income that comes from giving that money is taxable but giving money is not taxable, so yes, that can also be a thing, if the government will do something for participation, then it will be called Direct Tax Code, it will be a simplification, we will see how much simplification is there.  But yes, something exciting will definitely happen and if so many mpshows will be removed, those noise shots will be removed, then if all these things will be removed then at least once the person will feel that yes, it is mine but the man will cry.  Before this, everyone's tax rate has been reduced so that the government wants everyone to come into the tax net. Otherwise, the low tax rate should be increased because of inflation, but the government is not increasing it because the government says that you IT return is enough, it means no tax is payable, it doesn't matter, it is not due today, we will follow you up because otherwise, what else wise, according to me, there is no tax till the income of ₹ lakh.  There should be even a single drop of tax, but that means you can practically reduce your tax by saving a lot of money, but to do that, you have to file a return to show that you are not like that, I don't have to file my return at all.  If you are not put in such a situation, then this is the determination of the government that everyone should come once and get everyone's PAN Aadhar linked, after that you see, it is okay, just fill the return once, next time I will ask why you did not fill it, is it okay and  Where is he going, what is he doing, this is mopping up, taxes are increasing, definitely increasing, participation is increasing and that is our usual cry, like people say that people give only 4 per cent, only 5 per cent people give.  They pay like this or so much, people pay tax on so many rupees that one starts crying, how many children are there among the 140 crore people, how many are unable to pay, how many are illiterate, how many are poor and how many are rich.  Sorry, there are so many old people who are very mean and their income is not coming. Somehow, very few are left to survive. How many are employed? Shopkeepers are paying GST from within, shopkeepers are paying GST, it seems like tax.  That theft is happening, it is happening, I am not denying it, it may not be happening, but it is not happening as much as people think. This is also a fact. One of them lives there and he took the income by becoming a farmer. Total in that.  I checked  Last time people claimed only Rs 1500 crore, that data is there, yes, some people make their income by becoming farmers, every time it is made, please check it carefully, that is the entire tax point. 1.2.3 That decimal part is not even made, but that topic is good for intellectuals to talk about, not that these are these rich farmers, if this happens, then our tax will be reduced. It is not like that, it is not like that, it is not like that at all.  It is true that the figure is so high, you can check the figure. Everything is made to look like it is GST so everyone is paying tax. Too much tax is being collected and some ideas are coming to collect more tax.  every  The government is having to increase the world over because it has made so many promises and made so many boring promises and inflation and has printed so many notes and in all the states of Maharashtra that Ladli Brahmin scheme is running, 1500 of them are running first in Maharashtra MP.  It was happening everywhere and in the same manner, if these people want to win the election, then there will be no one there, they will just keep paying taxes, it is very easy for many people to get frustrated and say that they should leave India.  Brother, even that doesn't leave him, he is desperate to leave India, if there is a party worth 10 15 20 crores, then he has Jugaad, he will go, a normal middle class man, an earner of 30 40 50 lakhs a year, said, the person earning 40 lakhs is middle class, yes middle class.  Unless you are in the highest class, which is above 50 lakhs, who is the middle class among the middle class, who pays taxes and who is below 50 lakhs?  If the income is between Rs 50 lakhs to Rs 50 lakhs then middle class is there, of course and from Rs 30 to 35 lakhs you will call it upper middle class, between Rs 20 Rs 15 to 30 lakhs you will call it middle class, below that you will call it middle class, again there are many beyond that.  There is a discussion about how many dependents are there in the family and all this but the government will take it with one hand and will make the first arrangements with the other hand, but where will we keep our assets in that?  How to do restructuring, what things need to be known and understood and how it will make a difference to us, and yes there will be, according to me, Advantage Real Estate, how, when, where, I teach that in different workshops and webinars, if you are not connected yet.  If it is from me, you will get the webinar info information in the comment section, join it, it is free at Rs 70, 80, 90, it is paid at Rs 10, 20, anytime, like John.  If you want to join the one then you can join. I am definitely seeing the advantage. At this stage, there have to be changes in the Direct Tax Code, otherwise why should they be made? Something big will have to be created to create a stir. And those headlines will have to be made that the tax rates will increase in the reduced base, the base is increasing and will increase further with the Direct Tax Code. Hope this time the government genuinely simplifies it.  MP show seems to be removed and simplification is visible, how much will happen, how will it happen when he comes, then we will see Nirmala ji is the Finance Minister and will continue for 4 years, no one else is visible, okay and she will become India's longest serving Finance Minister.  Is it okay or is it already done? Please write in the comment section. There seems to be little lack of talent in the government. Is there out of box thinking? And even bureaucrat.  Also, it is not visible that there is someone like Mantek Single Wali who is teaching or there is someone in the planning commission. It is not visible that any bright spot is visible. It is like who is running it. I am not able to know the name.  I am finding out who was the economic leader, first he left, then he left, he made Urjit Patel, he left, this one left, that one left, so now even such a powerful person is not able to see it. I hope it comes from somewhere, but what is normal?  is that  A strong person has some attitude of his own, he has his own style, he cannot tolerate this dispensation, what is there in Modi ji's dispensation, Modi ji is the only one who cannot tolerate anyone's attitude, and then now only the people will be licked.  There is the same thing in them that talent will be less is a fact of life, this is also an art of politics and powerful politicians who become top leaders at the level. Tolerate People Good people they have attitude they will not do everything and I told them they will have their own point of view they will be independent in thought process and then they will deliver This dispensation has helped every such person in the last 10 years  But like a fly or a mosquito, I stopped you from outside or else you come out, you go out, now all the matter that came up, that whole thing should be said.  Even I am not able to believe that this can be celebrated, it seems like a tiring task, nothing has changed, it will be 15 years, by the time the tenure is over, there will be a government and Modi ji has also started talking about the next one, that I will be the next one.  I will come, if it continues like this then the next one will insist and will not let you come. For now only the results of the election will tell. An overall is needed and an overall cannot be done unless you change the top leader. It seems like you will say no.  Where are you from, direct politics is politics after all, yes DTC, don't praise Modi ji so much and BJP so much, look at Haryana now, everyone is leaving BJP and joining Congress and you seem to be their own people who have been working for so many years.  They were saying that we, the Vice President, those big leaders are going to BJP, why do you fight for them in Congress, why do you fight for Congressmen and they will come to BJP and then they will go away, John is winning. You will go near here means like this  Be crazy, I am crazy about love, which one movie, she is crazy about love like this, you watch it first write me in the comment section, crazy about Modi ji, crazy about BJP, crazy about Nadda ji, crazy about RSS, crazy about Hindutva, crazy about India. Who are you crazy about? If you live the ideology of the country's leader's party, first get clear, everyone is different, Modi ji is not in BJP, he is India, Indira is India.  Beyond that, he is not even talking about that thing like this is that, he is not even talking like that, Modi ji is India, he is not even talking about India and India is a big thing, he is not a human being.  Maybe it's okay, although Mohan Bhagwat ji is also saying that one should not consider oneself a god and this Mohan Bhagwat ji is not troubling me much, ok the video will be separated then, I stop this in the direct text quote, be very careful.  Government Will  Do because it will affect your life, I also used to think two-three years ago and I had also publicly told that shoot politics, focus on yourself, that was my message which will change. Now people many times ask, my old subscribers who  We watch so many channels that now things have changed, we don't let it last, we also want that yes, you do your politics, eat, drink, do something of your own, take advantage of it.  You will not do anything to us, leave us, leave our pants, this approach was used by many earlier but now it is not so, now it is like this: Brothers and sisters, you are sleeping, get up, you are doing this, do n't even do anything, tax, give more this and give this and this should not happen.  Whatever happens, water does not come out of them, roads are broken in big cities, infrastructure is in bad condition, it is okay, roads are being built where they are not needed, they will be broken where needed and this is why SUV sales are not increasing in India because  Here  Indians are very arrogant and have spent more money like that. SUVs drive on the road. A normal car will scratch itself. There are so many potholes that it means it will remain and cannot come, other than SUVs. And people have now become so fed up in sales. That car video is going to be made, what is the reason for the low sales of cars, so thank you very much, share, like, thank you.