Hello friends, very positive and good feedback is being generated. No, please share and like the channel. You will definitely participate in the comment area. Today's topic is a private member's bill. I will talk about it which is done inside the Parliament, that is, disconnecting bill. Supriya Suleji. Tried to bring a bill, its current status is not known yet but it is a very good bill and this is one thing which middle class should break up. Disconnect from K or Disconnect.  A means Saturday, Sunday or after working, your bus should not bother you, your organization should not bother you, there is a very good and excellent bill on that, if I can link to that article, I will try to give it, otherwise you can just Google it.  Okay, this is very important for which the channel bill says that today even basic home is not speaking. Bedroom next to you, do you sleep with it at night or are you at home after 9:00 pm, after 10:00 pm tomorrow? Some message is sent to the group, someone wants some feedback, someone has said this, now people will not say, what happens with the law, this is what I want to tell you, in this country, people smoke beedis and cigarettes like this.  While drinking, we used to ride in the Haryana Roadways bus, nowadays it has been many years since I sat there, but when you tell me the current status, then this is how you do it, that is, you say something like this, brother, don't drink or the story of breaking the law in the park.  are you staying  So when the law is made then you can say yes, you are breaking the law, there is a challan of ₹ 200. Friends, now you do not see people smoking in public places as much as before and if you are also smoking then you should go to that place.  You can say because nobody wants you to be seen today breaking D Dr. This is also a fact in our country when a law is made then people get scared, so if this law is made like this then it has very good provisions. Also, if you want to reduce after working and the employee is ready to do it, then you will have to give more time, whatever be his salary rate, if the salary is ₹ 2 lakh and 20 days is less than 22 days, then ₹ 10000 is 8 hours. If you reduce it by Rs 1250, you have to reduce one hour extra, reduce it by 2 hours, give ₹ 2500, then it is useless, now if he gets the bus done for less, then if you want to pay, he will reduce it.  There will be an order because every institution will be asking in every form whether it was not done in normal working time, it was not done in normal working days and extra and whatever circumstances are there, please give it to any organization. But if you have to reduce B less extra A on Saturday, you have to reduce it for the whole day, or give it its complimentary off because if you want to reduce it on Saturday, then B is on Tuesday.  Don't come on this Wednesday, this Bill Wickham is the talk of the town, please share this video, tweet it and tell that all the citizens of India, the middle class, the corporates, and even the private jobs.  Chakki PC is going our way, we need this bill, any politician, be it Supriya Suleji, whoever it is, now what problem does the Parliament have in picking it up and passing it?  How much money is being spent by the government, which poor man's rights are being violated in this? What hue and cry will there be in this? Nothing will be left. This is a disciplined thing, which Indians need very desperately, because whenever we go abroad, we are there too.  Which color is this, which is non-fact, which is disgusting, please comment, is this true or not or whatever, this channel is for intellectuals only, this channel is a relief for discussion at intellectual level.  On this note mate, I cannot define people whose thinking is below one level, nor can I take interest. This is the thing that has spread to the country by sitting in a drawing room and talking to an intellectual who has been insulted a lot in the last few years by saying that this is how their agenda is relief, this is bad, they have sold out anti  We are not national, now no international thing is happening, no wrong things are happening, good things are happening within this, so please spread this thing, it affects all of us, the future children will go to your job. effect them  We do this to save brain juice. Even in foreign countries, we do less work for Indians. Today, without taking any money, we spoil their environment. It is a fact that their Saturday behavior is such a big thing that even after today, no one is touching the video and working.  We went there and started spreading relief there too. We do have such churches in our country as well because they think that money is useful or less, what do we have to do, we have left the country.  so this is a thought  We are there, if we go there, we have to learn from the people there, we don't have to talk or speak, our walk ethics are many, we are together too, there is no fix, there is no fix in life, that Hajj is so distant, you become today.  Difference between K and Home has turned completely blue because K is from home, so there is no timing in it, open the laptop anytime, it is less that you are thinking about it, you are doing less on WhatsApp.  So Even the phone numbers should be separate, the numbers of the people in the office are given, it is possible to keep two phones, the middle class can comfortably keep it, but it will become easy if this law is implemented, then you can tell your bus, implement it for everyone.  The company will have to make improvements. Due to this, some people feel that there will be productivity loss. Productivity will increase. There will be no loss when the employee can sleep comfortably, can take care of his family and himself can spend time on his growth.  If he can, then when he comes to that place then he will not be naughty there, he knows that my soul will be sucked in the evening also and my soul will be sucked till late night, so why suck here during the day because that can be done later.  If you want to show everyone, here we drink coffee, we kill Gabbu, we do something less, this is the approach of our Indians, there are a lot of ghosts, there is a lot of work across, it is offices, across is better than offices.  So this thing is very important in this, now what will be seen in this for government employees, then you can also comment because there is something for many government institutions and those who do round D clock, or is it only for private jobs because there  It becomes very tricky, the people who work in the government are not less and by the way, if you say so, you can be contacted at any time, 24 hours, but I am not taking this video towards that right now, so that no one can do it. Don't add any confusion, but whatever is normal for you, I would like this thing to be discussed and when you take a job and the money is negotiated, please talk about the salary also, let it be asked, let it be right and give it.  You are in writing, it is okay, if you trouble me all the time, please do it at 2:00 in the night, then please set the salary, then do it accordingly, set the salary like this.  They give you happy happiness and when it decreases and it increases, then there is some limit to it, when your recruitment is going on, after that you don't see their face, then you feel different, they just do it, it is a relief, so it should be made an issue in this, according to me. This is a very good issue and please follow it further, thank you.