Hello friends, today's topic is this question, okay many times I have written in the comment area about politicians, what I don't like about politicians, this is a date device, they give us lessons, they make a fool of us, okay, I read two things. Today they are making fools, the second thing is that divided society will discuss this because no one told me, I start with love example, there is a family, there is a son, there are mom and dad, now the girl is married, the boy is married.  No, brother, it is not only this, so you too must have families like this, you too have a family, you must have seen around, the boy is not divided with his father, the parents are not divided, this son is not divided with his mother, anything can happen, anything.  It is possible that a girl is getting married, a girl has come, it is already being said, there is a boy of 27 to 28 years, there are parents, some scandal happens in the house, there is a quarrel, something happens.  did it That's why it happened like this since then i.e. before that we were like this, only politicians used to do it brother, before that our society was like this, in 1820 century, in 1900, the British had already divided them, they just exploited them, someone divided someone else. No, everyone takes advantage of it, you are not being fooled, yes you are a fool, your stupidity is taken advantage of, now someone will just tell your subscribers and you will run away, this channel is like that.  I also feel that many people think of me as 'part two' but I am still very dear. People understand me and many people understand me, those who are following me from both the old ones and the new ones will also understand.  If you messed up and withdrew money from Paytm settings, it does not mean that if you reduced it then you are a fool. At that time, your mental situation was such that you simply could not understand, which is called brain fog. gets into things  And in many things your fair and grid are taken advantage of. Two emotions are our fair and grid. Whether I get any benefit or I do not suffer any loss, society sells both the things to you. Doctors, Astrologers, Lawyers, all these professions are not defamed except one. Arkit is doing whatever you want, whatever profession comes to your mind, brother, he plays such safety security, he saves his car, he sends it very strong, so that I have so many.  There is an airbag, it also creates that if you have an accident, you will go back. If you already know with complete clarity, what is the game going on, will you be able to understand now when you watch it in the future, how are the movies being narrative?  How is it being set, what will be discussed further, who is defining the syllabus, who is talking, then only this is visible in the background, what is happening, I know everything but I will vote for someone, I will not tell. You have to become like this, you don't even have to tell me who to vote for, people, tell me first and write the paper, this is mine, you are such a crazy book, do more things, I have committed, after that, I will become Salman Khan myself, he will be mine.  Brother, you Salman Khan in D movie character note, the actual one Salman Khan is fine, the character in the movie is the one who hits dialogues, so don't hit so many dialogues, do n't commit to the politicians, I don't know whom I will talk to from the left side.  If the voting people give him the day, he can vote, he will rise from the right side, he will rise from the left, he will rise from the right, I don't know, this will happen, we will see what will happen, so brother, I hope you will understand this message, I would like to leave only by sending a very small message. Please rice above this, you are not fooled. Many of us have already done more in many things. If someone takes advantage of our stupidity, then you cannot cry. Anyone would have come and taken advantage of your stupidity. All these possession schemes are running, all these are chit funds, in these also you are taken advantage of, so he fooled me, oh you were a fool, brother, he came and took advantage of your stupidity, so what is his fault in that? Stupidity is taken advantage of, it has been lifted by Janma Janma mantra and will be lifted in the future also, so instead of running in it, he has fooled you, you rise above foolishness, apply the cream, you are fair, what did not come ahead of coming, go to him and say, it is mine.  fooled  Diya is advertising, emotions are taught about desire and want. If society has to be sold and if something else has to be done, then it will be fair and green. In the future, it will be like this, it will be like that, until someone tells you that it is raining outside.  Will you go and buy an umbrella? Will it rain now or not? Have you bought an umbrella? If it doesn't rain, it will tell you that it will come tomorrow brother. Sometimes it will rain. It can never happen that I gave you an umbrella in April, so neither did it rain in April nor did I.  Come on, if she doesn't come in July, she will come in August, so I will tell you, see if you have bought it, it is expensive to buy it, if you do n't get it here, you say, then we will make the selection, study in our school, you will become like this, how much will you become like this?  It is not true that you have to use your brain and intelligence. Look, if your brain is not capable of using your intelligence or your intelligence is less, then his cry cannot be understood that my friend was less strong in me, he took advantage of me, so he will have to learn from the story. so the same  I am watching you all from the middle of this channel in clarity. First of all, I want to make the public cry because my initial videos will run now, this way a platform will be created somewhere else for my 15-20 episodes, after that you will get clarity. In this, from the 22nd onwards I will start telling you, brother, do this crying band, do the helpless band, do the song, Na jhukte hai, the world needs someone to bow, so the politicians need to bow, the politicians need to bow like this, the poor people remain the first ones to bow.  They remain inclined towards defaulting, now they remain inclined all the time, such a system can also be done, there is pressure to reveal the name of linking up, what is happening now to the politicians, people are pampering each other, this is a politician, he says this, this is bad, this  He says it is good that they are fighting among themselves, I am from this group, call the politicians good and call them bad, call him bad, he is a human being, what is good or bad, tell him clearly that this is his thing, this is good.  And this is what Babli asks, so a person has a father, a mother, a wife, a husband, and children, he can do some good things and some bad things, there is nothing in the whole, now you have to vote for yourself.  Among mom and dad, which one will you do? Think for yourself, is mom bad? Puri is bad. Mom and dad are bad as a whole. If you have to do one, then what will you do, how will you do it? Tell me, I tell you guys, you have two children. Vote for one of the two.  Both elections are to be held. Whom will you vote for? Is there something good in both or is there some bad in both? Then you say something that my retirement is this. If you keep this flag, it will fix things, then I will vote for you.  It does n't matter to me whether you are following this agenda, this flag is not of my importance, this flag is of little importance to me, you can do that, I have no problem, but these should be less of mine, these are my duties.  It is less, you will not do, will not talk, will not speak, will not speak, that is the election paper, it is the manifesto. If you will not put it in it, you are not going to put it in it, so if you are not going to do it about me, I am not going to do it about you, this is  You will have to say that my retirement is this, give this thing education health, the middle class is becoming poor, no one is asking the middle class, no one is asking everyone is asking the poor again and again, am I  Not anti-poor brother, this poverty will become my class, one day everyone will become normal class but it will take next 5-7-8-10 years to become that, the middle class today is going towards lower middle class, date this.  The problem is that no one is catching them, there is no incentive for them and the biggest problem is that this bawdy book middle class is its own, when you want to play cards, you show its stomach in the beginning, then who will play the game? You will bet on your cards already, brother, you are sitting with us brother, I love you brother, you are the only one I win, you all play, we are the only ones standing, this is how it happens, can't you find a glass on your stomach, why are you showing the channel?  My question to you right now is, am I pro or anti? I am not particularly interested in all the landscape politics. I want to create a different thing and I have the power in this.  This mischief will be reformed. These are the people who do stupid things. They don't do stupid things. They do this. Politicians do things like defending on the mass messages. The messages have been shaded. This is the shine. They wo n't bet again because I am in India. I will say this again and again.  I am in India, it is easy to mislead people, it is difficult to understand, I am trying to understand, it is easy to mislead people, but you tell me, it is difficult at the same time, but it is easy at the same time. Which will be reduced? The benefit of asana is immediate and there is no such immediate benefit of reducing difficulty. Am I making a channel towards a particular ideology, like the world has made their channel? Today you can watch the YouTube channel. Look at the news channel, look at someone's words, you can tell in two minutes that this brother is crazy about him, you can immediately tell that he is talking like this, now I am not talking neutrally, I am talking from an independent point of view.  I am telling you that the location should be neutral. Kabir, no one can be neutral. Brother, either you like tea, you like coffee or you like lassi. When three things are being asked, what is neutral? If it is neutral, will you drink all three? What is the meaning of neutral?  No, because in life you will get choices and you have a bill, you take you card, I will take any C, you can take any C, even then you will have to take one, you will have to take any C, you will have to take one anyway.  You will have to take it, will you eat potato paratha or gobi paratha? If I can have neutral of both then brother, I am not getting both, but when you go there to cast your vote, as many as these neutrals will beat you in whatever way they try to do neutral neutral neutral neutral. So brother, you  You can vote for even one party and you can vote as per your wish. You belong to this party, then no one is neutral, nothing ever happens, so mother, you are not neutral. Brother, I am telling this truth of life for my children, that is why I belong to this channel. Can't proof, you are also a gold gold standard Chutki channel, so what happened, the talk button has power, it is empowering you, there is a smile on your face.  This is seven-eight, around 7:00, my videos are released almost every day alternately, this will bring a smile on your face at 7:00, at 9:30 you see all these things on news channels, this one is more than that.  Consume it and spread this thing again tomorrow and discuss these buttons of mine, then go to sleep at night feeling empowered. Next day, after watching 10-20-50 episodes, you will feel that you are reaching the story and you will understand something.  I am coming, there will be joke elections in December, by then you will know what to do, what to be, you will decide yourself. Not even once did you feel that I am holding your finger and taking you towards this, if so  If you are feeling then Guru ji, it is a big responsibility, not me but you have to hold my finger that brother, you do this or you do this because everyone is doing the same, this is good, this is big, I am going to tell you, all of them are very great, go play the game.  It has become a game, we have to learn to play the game, let the public play politics with the politician and the politician said, Son, what is this and let's just have fun, this can also happen, so have fun, the public will do what the public will do in the country, Janardan.  Will do but my little fox  Brother, when you come to the middle class, first start voting without voting, no one is going to ask you, first of all you have to say that I want to vote, you carry this opinion, meaning without voting, then you have to participate first and that is like this.  If you want to show what you have done here, then I hope you go, the message is okay, please share the video and please subscribe my channel and a telegram group of my subscribers of this channel which I  It is kept in the comment area please joining date because of that then I will be taking your opinion on the video on the content and on various issues it will be a real time survey you will get to see and it is very very possible  What is my opinion is my thought process and its opposition is also the results so very good it's an I open it to you also me and date is what  It should be brother, this is right and wrong, there is no right or wrong in life, live according to Sanatan because I am an astrologer also, if we follow Sanatan Dharma, fear is action and brother-in-law are consequences, date is nothing right, this is nothing, no matter how old the color is.  There is no one who holds court in Gana, no one who copies the book, no para, no chapter, no verse of it is fine but I am telling a simple thing that in life there is action and which is sequence.  If you change your action then accept the consequence you don't like the consequence you bill have you change your action nothing is right this nothing is right a liberating thought is a liberating thought donated you are right and always An Action Which People Bill Do You Bill Do What Ever Everybody Country His Same Action Will Have Some Consequences If You Are Note Like Me De Coincidence Action Has You Be Changed Your Action Doesn't Change Brother We Ca n't Do It Brother We Are Like This So Brother Whatever Constituents You Will Have To Accept In Life It Is So Simple Please Subscribe Thank You Very Match