Hello friends, the time for DD Awas Yojana, a game changer election, is coming. Advice is being sought from the general public on Namo App or our PM Modi Ji's app. So I am giving an idea to the general public. Go and write on that app. And it is possible, it is definitely possible, so many people will write, so many people do not even know that there is an app, or they are asking for advice, if you want to give it, then I am going to give advice, elections are coming, people can put it in the manifesto for the government  Yes, you should put it there, I advise you to put it there, what is DD Awas Yojana, DD DD no DD DD is the full form of mine, this is my idea, the original idea is Dhula Dhulan Awas Yojana, now what does it mean, it means that whenever there is a marriage in India, if  If within a month of that, you buy this newly-wed house and the expenditure in that wedding has been reduced and whatever money the parents of the boy and the girl have given to them for buying that house, then some tax rebate will be given for that and under this scheme washed under the dust for a few months  If you are buying your house within Rs. 2 crore then you should get rebate on your home loan at Rs. 3 crore and keep a cap of Rs. 5 lakh only. Or I am not saying for houses worth Rs. 4 crore, give it and keep a cap on the amount also to be.  If the girl's father gives 10 lakh rupees, then give him a rebate of 2 lakh rupees as reward, take out some section for this, it is fine if the boy's father gives 10 lakh rupees or keep a cap on whatever amount he gives, so if you want to save money from 10 marriages only He will help only the middle class in wedding functions. It was said in this budget that a scheme is being made for the middle class. It is not told why the scheme has not been made because if it is told that it will be done then I will be responsible for that scheme only.  I am saying this because it will only affect the middle class, because we have many schemes going on for the houses and for the poor as well, if they are also being taken in this way within a month of marriage, then everyone should get it, rich  There should be no discrimination whether one is poor or middle class, rich or poor, whatever date the marriage is on  If this is happening then it is very good for young couples because the next generation which is the generation of judges will not be able to buy houses otherwise houses will not be bought from them, even on a loan of 75 lakhs, the loan amount of 50 lakhs works out to be Rs 49000, out of which also 25 lakhs  If someone else gives it then it is not very easy, somewhere in big cities the houses have already touched 75 lakhs, in small cities also there are 40-50 lakhs, so this government needs to do this thing as per my understanding, how do you people like this idea  So please spread it and put it there, there is no compulsion in this, it is not necessary that it has to be given to the boy's mother or father or mother, don't give it to anyone, don't give even a single rupee, if you give then you will get the benefit and that  It is deposited in their account and is going to the builder or for booking. Economy will do well, real estate will do well. If the house is arranged after marriage, then there would be no fights and quarrels.  And the ownership rights of this house that will be taken will be in this Dhulan Dhulha Dhulan Awas Yojana that it will be in the name of both, it is not that you are taking it in the name of Dhule's mother and not Dhulha Dhulan Awas Yojana, Dulha Dhun Awas Yojana means 50 for 50  But for the loan and in this you are getting rebate, the interest rate has been reduced a little, you can leave the money in the registry, the government can leave it little by little, Rustia is the subject of the state government, so brother, take it out there also, now on 8 or on 7 or something Tell me, is it your gift, is it the state's gift, is it the government's gift for getting married, brother? If you book or buy a house somewhere within a month of your marriage, ready to move in or under construction, everyone knows the date of the marriage, it gets registered.  It is a wedding date so you cannot hide it. So if you have booked it within a month of the wedding date, you can do it for one month or two months. You can discuss it with the marriage.  have to do smoke  If the dust is okay then suppose you have done it within 60 days, then you must have done the registration on 3 only, so there is some amount left on 3, 4, 5, okay or you can save it in GST or any government can leave it anywhere  The government should leave it to five-ten, the boy's parents should give a little, the girl's parents should give a little, the huge expenditure that was planned for the wedding should be reduced a little, this push start of the new couple will start the car, after that there will be irritability, fights and quarrels.  They don't happen in life because what is there in life, whether it is marriage or anything, rent has to be paid and if you don't have to pay rent, then school fees remains the next chapter, beyond that also I know that some videos will be made  School fees and rent Today, children's school fees and rent is the biggest ticket size of anyone's expenses because even if the EMI of the house is going, the house rent is still left or the rent is coming or the income tax rebate  What you are getting becomes the biggest expense of today otherwise These are the two expenses of the middle class, food expenses are very low as a percentage of your salary, so I hope you all liked this idea, you will share it and please write in the comment section and brother, I have many such ideas, I will bring them  I will stay here and what ideas do you have, you can write in the comment section because I can put them on YouTube, put them on the Namo app and everywhere, give suggestions to the government, many times the government also wants to outsource ideas, so tell me.  The public does not ask every time what they want. It is something like the electorate's birthday is coming, elections are like children are asked what gift they would like to take on their birthday. Also, now that elections are coming, it is being asked at the time of elections.  It is there later, we will not ask after 2 years, so it is being asked right now, let us post it, who knows 10-2 thousand people may see this video, let's say 20000 people out of 20000 may see this video Let's say even 5000 people go and put it on the app, then brothers and sisters, will this idea reach people, will this idea be felt that 5000 people have done it, will any intellectual, bureaucrat or any consultant who is hired by the government sit and do it and say that this is very good?  Because there is pressure from the society, there is pressure in the society to not spend wasteful money on marriage, you came here after eating and we did it, but if any government scheme comes out like this then everybody will start utilizing it and it will benefit everybody  It is such an original and great idea. I liked it very much. It came to my mind that if this scheme is made for the middle class within the budget, then I kept searching that there is no scheme for the middle class.  It will come, the government has given the money for it in the budget, so brother, when it has been given, then this can be part of the scheme because marriages of all these, now you will say no, why can't we do all this, look at the marriages, they will have to be done incentive wise, on time in India.  If there are no marriages, they will continue to live in live-ins like this and will not marry, will not get married, will remain afraid of home, if a boy is earning 50-600 rupees and a girl is earning 30-40 rupees and they are able to arrange for a home, then they will get married  We will do it friend, so the government needs to incentivize a little, there is an opportunity, it can be done, interest rates should be reduced in four-five things, father, those who invest money should get income tax rebate and do something on the loan done loan, reduce GST  Do it or reduce the registration cost, if you do a little something for all five, it will be great for the people, good, like the channel, subscribe, share it and definitely share this video, thank you very much