Hello friends, the review of Donkey Picture will be for you guys, it will be hot oil pakodas, detailed review, there will be no spoilers, there is no such movie with spoilers, there will be no spoilers, it is not like this, but still it will not be there, that is the disclaimer.  There will be a verdict in the end, there will be a clear verdict, what should we watch on Friday, Saturday, because we have watched on Thursday, so I am going for you all, okay, disclaimer before starting. Out of so many film stars over period of so many years, I have a little liking factor towards Shahrukh Khan, this is my disclaimer and that is why I watch it but I am not able to keep the energy level that high, the movie has made me tired, ok so on to the movie.  Let's discuss about Rajkumar Hirani ji Hirani ji's picture, what is missing is the film, the promise of the movie initially seems that something wow will come, that wow moment.  You keep waiting for it and the picture ends. This is such a picture that you can't hate it, you can't say too much bad about it, but you ca n't say too much good about it either. It 's like The Ted's Talk.  If you people must have seen Ted's talk, it is like a feel good factor in someone's life and your life doesn't change much after watching it. Neither is it able to raise the emotions, nor is it able to polarize, nor is it able to wake you up, because somewhere or the other, something  Emotions should be awakened bhai Sauro ke Sadsukh ji, if you would have made lemon soda and there is no fizz, end to the credit of Shahrukh Khan Bhai, Shahrukh has put in full force, has worked with full intensity and you I feel, I feel only in the whole movie.  Bad for him, he has put in full force, he has done full convincing, he has done it all over the place, that is, he has tried to put in full force, but it did not happen, there is a mistake in the direction, there is a mistake in the story line, there are many places. This is a mess and the core audience that you want to capture is not there because you have set it in Punjab, now Shahrukh Khan can't speak Punjabi from anywhere, that means it is not so tangy, what would be the other thing like that now if?  You look at Shahrukh, he has a very fit body. Look, from behind, brother, he is thinner than a 25-26-year-old 27-year-old boy, but there is an age on the face too, one is age with the hair, you reduce it by doing make-up.  do it Do more, do it, there is one thing which comes in the face, if you get wrinkles then you cannot make it that young and Taapsee Pannu cannot be that old, so she is a mismatch in chemistry, even now in the age of heroine and hero.  If there is a gap of 23-24 years and we know the actual hero, then there is no chemistry, although Shahrukh is a very lovable person, we talk generally and all.  That's charming which word can be used but the matter is not so much Vicky Kaushal has been wasted and Boman Irani looks the same Jo sab jahaan rehte hain mere ko is quite repetitive In fact if you watch this Raju Hirani movie Raju Hirani ki to unne na  I am getting déjà vu, which one comes with one breast? In Fukrey, déjà chu is said, neither is déjà vu, I am feeling all this to you.  The feeling is the same as when they come together in 3 Idiots, but there is no high point when they come together, then they go to the flashback, go to the flashback, but the story of the flashback also does not seem like this, brother, it has the feeling of a thriller.  It doesn't come in the form of adventure, it does n't come at all, the jokes are those jokes. If whoever Pankaj Kapoor, who is Shahid Kapoor's father, used to come up with a serial, you people have seen it in which  Used to teach English. Okay, it was a copy of an English serial. Exactly, what is the name of that serial? Remember the person who remembered it. It is the same feeling. After watching the movie, we are getting the feeling as if we are watching an old serial.  Is it old or does it mean that the big screen does not have some feeling and charm? The whole meaning is that you are watching a happy-go-lucky thing. What I want to say is that cinema has become like this, there is a lot of inflation, tickets are so expensive in big cities. If you go then popcorn is more expensive than that, without it people don't do all this. Take some tea or coffee. Take one half of that and you get the experience of three things. If four or five people go then it should be worth so much. There should be some background music. Big picture.  If it's visuals, it's fun. If it's visuals, it's not like that. In the middle, I just want to tell one more thing. While reviewing this, we will discuss more things. Watch the whole thing comfortably. Clear cut at the end.  I will also tell you what should be done if you are an audience, then in 10-12 minutes you have to go to the parking lot, get ready, buy the ticket, sit down and these days, they keep showing ads 25 minutes before the picture, then that interlude is also so long, if the picture is 2 hours 41 minutes long then Listen to the review in 10 122 minutes, you will understand as I will tell you in clear cut, people tell it in roundabout ways because now this picture becomes a super hit on the first day and I will say something here.  Then she said that she was going to eat my food, hey, you had done it like this, but I don't think that the picture is going to be such a great super hit, it will not become a thousand crore rupees, people will not know about it for five days till Christmas, after that it will have to fall, the movie has such a twist in it. No, there is a trailer inside the movie of Fighter which we have seen on YouTube, I like it very much, it is these kind of movies, now I feel that it is worth going to the cinema hall, where you get disc, disc, disc, something like that which you can enjoy at home. sit on Why should I go to the cinema for that experience? So don't watch this movie, it can't be like this. Look, I call a movie a test. Watch any movie, good or bad, it has a test, I have a test, you tell me yours.  That can also be a test, what makes a good, great movie, if you remove even one scene from it, should that movie work or not? It doesn't work without this scene. There are such scenes in this movie, almost all of them. all i  I would say that in fact I ca n't remember any such scene and I make big notes and give the movie with great enthusiasm. The work of my review is a big responsibility. It is a big responsibility to push you in the lives of people. It is big to stop a movie to watch it.  It is an act of responsibility because it is immediately visible that someone says that hey, you let me see you or it was so good and you refused or what ever, by the way, it is okay that actually it was not useless, you said it was useless or Actually it was useless, you said it very well, then it is a very responsible job because in this the verdict is out very quickly and in the beginning, giving it so quickly, people see after a day or two, seeing the general reaction, they were also trying to laugh and those who  I would say that I am 20, 25, 30 years older than the current youngsters. I mean, I know the things from earlier also in which it has been shown that even then I was not able to have a relationship, I definitely had a relationship.  Can't figure out whether you are going there, there is struggle, there are emotions, they are not able to wake up, they reach England, yes we reached England, it seems as if we were trying to reach somewhere, it does n't seem like what are they acting, you vehicles.  I am going secretly and you are jumping like that wherever you land, then why are you going secretly? You could have sat comfortably like a man and gone and are risking your life to go and there is activity every five minutes.  In  They are doing it in such a way that they should be sent back. They did not seem to be coming from anywhere. You can identify with their characters. Pankaj Kapur's serial used to be less entertaining than that, it was very less entertaining, give no entertainment, see no entertainment, no shock value, no sound value, no.  Background music, no wave factor, no chemistry, nothing is coming anywhere like this, yaar recover isko other than that, he is a lawyer in the whole movie. Gujju Apna is fine, his acting was a bit good, yes, he felt completely in the character, yes there is such a lawyer, Gujju has become a Patel Bhai, look other than that, Shahrukh is insisting in the whole scene that he should do something to the movie. Take on your shoulders, do something and emotions and all this but brother, you are as good as the screen play and the story and the director, this is the thing, now that is what Shahrukh did this year, what did Pathan do with YRF?  In the franchise, the South director took Jawan and brought Hirani ji, everything was tried and tested that brother, that program was not running well for so many years, if it has to be fixed then the plateau will be there in Jawan, I did not believe that there should be so many.  But she became that too, I did not want to accept that she would also be a Pathan. Now after looking at these three, Pathan Jawan and seeing this one, I would say, Pathan was the best, okay, and Jawan, the one I did not like, I would say, friend, this is better than this.  It was the same, at least there were some scenes in it which I can remember, two or four scenes were such that you can cherish them, the opening scene of Jawan's picture, the opening scene and the one where he lands in the mountain and in the plane, that scene and the beginning fight.  The one in the middle or the train hijack one, there is a little high pot in the one, some four or five high points, there were a few high points in the athlete Jawan, a movie which I didn't like, a movie which I didn't give a good review, okay, so this is a dinky one.  I have not even seen those four scenes. There is no scene. If those who have seen it can also write in the comment section that brother, this review is going in the right direction, is n't it so that you are rolling with laughter and emotions?  You became emotional and everything was great and I definitely write so that I can get a review of the review, that too for Guruji, it is okay, brother, it is not because I go to watch movies to understand the public.  Where is the public connected? As a creator, it is very important. As a social observer, it is very important because the pictures that come, which are big, they do this, they are connected, just like people have become very connected with animals, now what is being shown in the movie. Realization Comes from Not Being Showed When You Go to a Movie That's Dark People Want to Connect Disconnect with the Outer World and Connect with the Characters and the Movie and Get Into Some  Land, that is not here, here in the movie, it is like drinking a coffee, as if someone is sitting next to you, bring coffee, bring coffee, this la means you, if not you, then in any good movie, you will feel like going out to get coffee, you mean going during the interval, if  You would like to drink in the middle and you come back and you don't miss anything in it, as if one character dies, okay in the middle, it's okay, in the love of love, I heard it on the phone somewhere, so my friend, such emotions are these days.  hee  It is not that they are against the girls these days, they will not marry 498, all this is youth, so I think it is because of the identification and the shooting and voting that is going on, they are going somewhere in Pakistan, it looks like they are from Thailand.  They are inside Pakistan, I don't know which beautiful beauties they have shown these scenes, it seems that the shooting is happening somewhere in Thailand or somewhere else in Phuket, somewhere like that, they are going from there and then it turns out that they are out in Sindh.  When we go to Sindh, we come out somewhere in that side, then that area is not like this, while coming back also we were telling some stories in it, Bhuj is also called Bhuj, this and that, there is no idea of ​​geography, nothing, which sea is visible in Bhuj?  So it is 70, 80, 100 kilometers inside, okay, so I don't know where you wanted to go, where you wanted to land, correct the geography a little, you are making a movie, you should see this little or what?  What are you saying? It did n't seem believable. When they meet again after so many years, it's like friends, there is no chemistry in it and Taapsee Bandu Pannu is normal. I have seen every movie you must have seen. She is a fine actress.  You can't tell them that they don't know active acting. One of the better actresses of the present times, but I do n't know what happened in this movie, meaning the director said that you should act like this.  Kar or what he meant was that it seemed as if the payment was not being made, the money was not being kept, that is, he was not doing it in his mind, that was the way he was in the action and it was as if Shahrukh was so engaged in doing it like this, that yes, it is fine, that means no, he is feeling like that. You do something, that is, show love, show emotion, show this, then Shahrukh is acting poorly in his name too, but there is no chemistry, nothing, I do n't know why this is happening, that means I feel like he is a miss casting type, that means I am off course in that.  that much  Young cannot be shown, if Kajol ji was taken but especially if she was an old actress like Kajol ji, then she would have shown her skills as if she is coming to India again and is putting that feeling on the soil. Taapsee Bannu would have looked like this.  They are tourists in general, their departure is not justified, all these people are leaving pretending that why are they leaving India, no one has had such a sad story as so many are leaving. Well, you go to Mumbai first, come to Delhi, come here, come here, you are showing it like you are risking your life, if you had tried India first then you would not have seen anything like this.  There doesn't seem to be any logic in coming back, so I feel like the movie has fallen flat, without the fizz, like a Coca Cola, take it, gas comes out, there is no fun in it, there is no high point in the movie from the beginning till the end.  You don't have any smile  Meaning, the high point is nothing, you keep waiting, you keep waiting, please do something, Raju Hirani, now what is that, Raju Rani still in Munna Bhai MBBS mode and the three idiots mode, now three idiots Munna Bhai.  Even if they go, they will also flop, friend, the public has gone ahead, there is no emotion, the public is coming 204, the public is sitting at 23, so they cannot awaken old emotions like this friendship or  I don't know what that means, they ca n't relate, what is the bad condition of the directors, especially Hindi cinema, Bollywood people are not paying the writers, it is not South Indian, it is better than this, at least they make the movie like this by making noise.  Meaning that everything is flying in that cinema hall, lions are coming like Triple R or something, some style is coming and something like Rajnikanth's Jailer or background music is being played or something like that is flying. if he is getting up  I mean, it feels like there is a buzz on the screen, there is some adrenal dopamine, this is this, this is not like this, this is not even able to make you feel good, this is not even soft, this is such a movie that women will like it, like women. Sometimes it happens that some movies are liked by women and not by men, there are many movies which are liked by men, there are many which are liked by both, it does not connect anyone, right?  Neither the one that connects the youth nor the one that connects the elderly nor the one that connects the middle aged people, it is not able to connect anyone. The movie is bad because it seems that it has taken a top star and has invested money and you will charge the money by pressing F.  I have to come and tell about Tiktok that brother, I feel even worse, people work hard, this is not a shooting, it is done in two days, now let me admit that I make videos, I don't go and hire anyone, right? Spending crores or making lakhs of rupees I too make a video and someone comes to me and says, 'This video is nonsense', every person feels like this, but if this happens in my life, today as a very small creator, I am very responsible.  Friend, whenever I make a video of 20, 25, 30 minutes, the aim is to add value, it should be fun, there should be clarity, there should be some takeaway because  If too many times I take the audience for granted, one half will forgive the video, then people stop watching and stop watching. As a creator, your program is over. If I keep making videos like this so regularly that no one has any connection.  If there is no value and no add, then if I as a person judge, have not been a trade in cinema, have not been a trend in story writing, have not been a trade in creativity.  Any past big experience like this, I am not a film star, I am not a public person also, so if I too can be conscious of this thing, then I do not understand that when such a big picture is made, then Gauri Khan ji is not shown.  Are you okay, are n't you showing it to anyone else, everyone is saying, it's working fine, it's a lot of fun, it's a lot of fun, show it to someone like us, friend, to the normal common man who is your friend.  Hai means like I said na Shahrukh jaise ko means I hold in regard means because of the personality and generally the person and the passion Okay then show us like this Do you hate me?  If someone goes to see it then he might be a fan somewhere. If not a fan then it means he cannot be your enemy. So this movie should be shown somewhere at some time or the other. How are they working out? Something could have been done in some other way, meaning maybe it could have been done or maybe this story line is outdated because or if you are showing an event of war then it is a historical event, there is such a historical thing that people can still connect with it.  This is what happened in real time, what were the circumstances of this, whatever process is happening, what you are showing is this of a different state of society, are people not going to Canada right now, are they not going, are there some illegal routes, not so many now.  leaving just now  A few days ago, England's PM Sunak ji said that we are becoming so strict, 7 lakh immigrants used to come, now I will bring only 3 lakh, if you don't want to bring me and don't add value, then he raises a question about leaving India.  Meaning, even today it is unfortunate that it has been 75, 76, 77 years of independence, but even today, leaving India is considered the biggest achievement for the country.  Leave it somewhere at the end and they tell you to do something, go back to the soil from which you have come, I also teach and explain this in astrology, Ketu is your roots, you should not go away from it, ultimately the soil from which you were born is never there.  I explain it well on a different platform, but man, even those sentiments of patriotism did not come. Nowadays, there is such over saturation of patriotism as if the tickling stops many a times, so does patriotism.  There is an overdose of every emotion. Now you cannot call any emotion that bad emo or patriotism is bad. Patriotism is good but there is an overdose of anything. If you eat or drink too much of something then it is for that.  A person gets desensitised, it is something like this, all the emotions that have been aroused here, a person like me, who is very perceptive to emotions, it is okay, it is the work of astrology, it is the work of marital consultation.  My job is to free people from sorrow and pain. Happiness course is going on. I still have to enroll. There are still a lot of classes left. If you do A2, that's all the work. So I am a person. Who is a person? What is this? I am saying again and again that I am into the business of feeling and the movie is also the business of feeling, so I am not the only one who understands feeling. I do it a lot in the movies, even if there are not many scenes. I tried to do it, there was no embarrassment, there was no moment, I tried once or twice, there is no such movement in the movie, the movie is absolutely flat, the verdict is yes, you can completely avoid this movie, it is more important with money.  There is time also, don't waste it, it is a clear cut work date, you got up and went, got your juice or made tea or came back or if the door opened then pause means you will not feel like doing this movie.  After pausing, go, you are understanding that you are watching many movies like this, you have to watch, don't kill, there is nothing to do, you have to pass the time, so that movie is playing, you are watching, if the movie is playing, then the bell rings, then it is a good movie.  It happens that when the husband is watching, what happens when the bell rings and one says, you see, okay, I am pausing, look, pause, pause, in this it will happen that the wife will also go and open the door, the husband will also. Will open it, you won't say this in this, you go and pause, now you have understood, I am explaining it with such a good analogy, I don't know that factor is not there in Salar, maybe I will not have the courage to watch that South Indian one, I don't normally do it but I am feeling it.  That maybe there might be some more heat in it, I am feeling that it has to be seen, so maybe I don't know, if Sam Bahadur has got down, then it is a different matter, otherwise it has to be seen, that feel good factor of Vicky Kaushal, that feel good character.  It can also be seen on the big screen, although there are not many scenes in it that you can like on the big screen, but I had reviewed it, I hope you guys must have seen it, still you can go and see it, okay come. I will try to complete the review of the movies that will come in the future. It is very risky for you people to review web series because you have to watch it yourself and it takes a lot of time, but if someone 's feedback is good then I delay a little. and then properly  I do it with the help of Jaane Ja, I had done the movie, many people appreciated this one too, as I have told you, when you are feelingless, yes without I watch it, I don't do spoilers, I didn't do that, so you can tell that this was not the meaning of this scene.  You are stupid, how did you do it like this, there is a small thing in it, Taapsee Mannu's character has been living abroad for 25 years, so it is not a big thing, it is not that, spoiler man, this is what we don't know.  What she does in 25 years is not known there, the whole picture is not known for which she was going to a foreign country, she had such a great desire to go abroad, she reaches there in 25 years and in 25 years she comes back as if she is about to come.  I don't know what she does, but the protégé knows that he too, that is, he has been sweeping there only for 25 years, so that is also a great learning for the people, friend, go there and you will get onion in Indian restaurant.  If you only want to bite or sweep somewhere, then stay in India only, then there is no benefit in going there with a raised face, this is also a message but in general which is my target audience which is you people.  Whoever is middle class, this is anyway identification for you. Anybody is a picture of big cities, this is Shahrukh's, this is such a normal young man etc., still he has made aunty by making him aunty but this is so.  It is not just like this, okay, so this deja is the same in all the scenes, friend, I have seen all this in every scene, you will feel like this, yes friend, I have seen Dubai Bhateri, now he is the brand ambassador in Dubai, Shahrukh is fine.  So they will show Bhurj Kalfa in Dubai, they will do it in Dubai, Dubai, Dubai and the picture will be released there in five days, there will be an uproar until the truth is revealed that no, it is not so good, which will be known on Tuesday when it will fall.  So till Monday there is air, there is Rahu, there is foam, it will not burst, wow, it's very sentimental, this works that works, I think there will be very few people, who will review so well, because it is suiting, not a top star, good acting, Bol.  You can do it, it's okay, you put full emphasis on it, Shahrukh has left no stone unturned, but man, he doesn't connect, he doesn't connect, he doesn't connect, it's not his fault, the story line itself is Bedi's direction, it's like this too.  Much granted means to keep it so simplistic, it falls flat, there are some scenes in the village, there are some like that, no adrenal rush, no sentiments, no emotions because those emotions had to be connected which should have been the high point of the movie, like the climax scene of the movie. It doesn't seem like anything happens in it. It's like this and the last scene of the movie. There is a scene after the climax scene as well. A little bit of that happens in it.  There is a need to use laughter, that too seems a bit strange and then just finish the movie like this, end the movie like this and you like, Hey friend Shahrukh, if you don't cheat like this then there is a lot of request to Shahrukh ji, you have many years left. Play your own edge. You have to stick to your action genre. Is the action okay or does it mean something of your own? Do something of your own. Some meaning of the edge has to be different. Brother, I don't know, this did not work, no, now this love is pure to get over, boy, young.  you are done  Let him come, he seems smart, okay, let him come, you will have to give up at some point of time, no matter how much he is, you will have to give up, this one is in the genre, no connect with Taapsee Mannu. Taapsee Pannu seems to be taking it by taunting, okay Boman Rani and those two and the other side actors, I don't know their names, one is Sardarji Bane Bane, another one is Bane Bane, they are not able to connect very much.  There are scenes, there are many scenes, but laughter and connection are not possible in any scene. If it is not possible genuinely, then there is no laughter, no emotion, no anything, then time is wasted and money is wasted. It is not a good picture, it is a time wasted picture.  Hey my verdict is don't watch it, there is no point in giving this star tour, I give the movie one and a half out of five, I give four and a half movie brother, either go watch it or don't watch it. Okay, it should be clear, so I am very clear in that regard, if you guys don't watch this movie, then you will not miss anything. After making the review and uploading it, I will definitely check whether I am saying something, the public is saying something, I found out.  He was out immediately, okay, so I will see that too, rest of you are my audience, those who have seen, tell me whether what I reviewed was right, those who have seen it and those who have not seen it, can avoid and wait after seeing the review. whether it was right or me too  You can flog me that he is reviewing nonsense, then you can tell me if it is okay and whoever saves time and money is okay, many people say to me, why do you watch me, you call me many times, not to watch the picture, it is mine.  The job is to go and observe. Are people watching, who are scientists? Are people watching? What is the calculation going on? It is my job, it is a work. Like many of you people went to work on Thursday, we went to watch a movie.  If it is okay for you guys to make a review, then I hope you guys will like the review review now, what would you like about the picture? I was just wishing that if the picture had been like this then I would have said okay, I am not feeling good at all, that is, I mean.  You don't feel good even speaking bad about it. What happens sometimes is that many movies don't feel bad when you say bad about them. They are so bad or the people in them are such that you are mean like this. If you say bad about them, you don't feel bad.  But it is not so in this  It's Shahrukh, whose speech I find difficult, it's difficult for me to speak badly, it's ok and Rajkumar Hirani is again Raju Hirani is again he is a very good ad guy, he is a very old man, a wise man, and I don't know how he did it.  He get it so color this time he is in that MBBS Munna Bhai MBBS mode, he has not yet come out of those necessities and that thing and India has changed India  Meaning, now the Indian middle class, together with us, has become such an animal, okay, there has been a change, people have changed, parents, children, thought process, everything has changed, now you too will have to change, so you will have to do it, otherwise it will not be so much.  It takes one and a half years to make a picture. It takes Rs 100 to 200 crores. There is a lot of effort. A little can be caught at the level of the story line. This story line was such that if you read it two, four, five or six times, there was nothing inside it. But I don't know why Shahrukh was thinking of I am working with Raju Hirani, so this will definitely set a new milestone because it was Aamir Khan's, Sanjay Dutt's and then it was a picture like Sanju, which is absolutely no topic Sanjay.  Dutt is not some big guy, meaning he is so iconic that a movie should be made on him and on a contemporary actor, and what does that mean, but that too will be such a hit, 320-330 crores. Okay, so Shahrukh.  I thought even my new one will cross I'm I think better than the last of them, but it has not been made till date but it is a dozen that way, see how much the movie earns, what does it earn, but according to me, not so much as that blockbuster level.  This work is not definitely a flop, nowadays it is like Tiger Tha has earned so many 290 crores, 280 crores, so many top stars earn so much these days, it is like that so many runs.  So it will definitely be made, if Virat Kohli comes then the matter is the same otherwise share the review, tell people and save your time, save money, thank you very much.