Hello friends, today's topic is one social responsibility which offers should follow, whoever is my subscriber, you know that there is a little bit of hi-ruter thinking, there is a very good response to this new channel, I want to talk about this social responsibility. This means that forwarding a video or any message, especially in WhatsApp, is a social responsibility that we have to see, but we will come to you. If the video is creating in you these emotions of indifference, hopelessness, then please do not forward it because the debt bill just increases the debt. You have to see that you do not have to be a part of someone else's agenda. The truth is that there are many things.  A lot of things are going wrong in Indian homes within the four walls, that is true, that too, tell me again and make more videos and forward them. Child drama on children's distress, bias and daughter-in-law's own children.  Farmaishi Program with Respect to Parents Not Listening to them Not Respecting them Becoming Important Most of the people I am are scenery citizens are doing too much not less they have some fulfillment in life so they feel as if by doing all this they can achieve something  They feel that by doing all this they will create a better future for their children, otherwise, brother, something like this will happen if we do not forward this to you.  This forward came from relatives, friends or friends, join hands with such groups and say brother, don't send it to me. I have given anxiety to many people in my consultation. Now I will tell you about astrologer also. Videos like this are coming. Astrologers are like earthquakes.  Ketu will go there, what does it mean, first of all, I don't agree that anyone can predict so much like this, if you have to make predictions, make predictions every day, meaning every day in the world.  There is neither a story nor a story, there is neither a story nor a story, this year it will go flat in 500 places in 200 countries, okay predict anything, something will come true and cry so much as soon as you make a prediction, something or the other will definitely come true.  Let's forward what does it mean that there will be a world war, it means do not apply for a job, do not do anything sitting at home because there will be a world war, India will also be there in the world war and India will also end, the world will also end, everything will end.  What does this mean, the world was ending in 2012, then that picture came out, then that in 2000 23, we look forward, first thing, don't consume only once you note, consume note, forward topic lets you know what is going to happen.  In this, you have a relative who has varicose veins, there is a medical condition, there is a good channel, a good video has been made, someone has exported it, he has told some things to me and I forward it to him. Whenever you do forward, what you should know is that the person who is forwarding that thing has a pain point which maybe that video will resolve for you, maybe both of you have a common point, 2 women are connected.  Arthritis is the disease of both of them, relatives are friends and someone comes and says to reduce the grains like this, it is worth doing exercise like this or to control it, then give D off course forward on IT Becomes Interesting. Bill you forward and aa video of late se n disease like authorities and other others like this you random people home you do n't know ki yaar uska pen hai nahi hai to ye wala kyun ho raha hai kya matkar ke forward karne ka whatsapp group pe ho  Then it is being discussed, abuses are happening, fights are happening, that time passes, those who forward it to all of you think that there will be some agenda of ours or that we should  You have to vote for this person, you like him, his ideology is very good, why are the workers sitting for free, if you have a lot of fun in reducing it, Bhai Saheb, I can't control myself, see, the suggestion is that all these people's trees are IT.  Go there and get a job from the cell, friend, at least you will earn some money because you are giving him the lesson of the agenda for free, why are you getting this money? Take the money, then you are doing his advertisement, aren't you political about anything?  This is the work of the party, the ideology is being advertised, you are a fool, you say, I will forward it to 500 people every day, give me money, although I am saying this sarcastically, it is okay, I hope this little audience understands me, right?  The one who is doing everything is very clear, what he has done in his life, what we do and what happens and the world, he is Illuminati, he is controlling but we are here with their agenda. And there are a lot of pains in life but we have to be foxes, we have our own issues, there are spices in life where we have to be foxes a lot but in that people leave their foxes and wonder what happens in my child's life.  My daughter has just been delivered to the doctor. She has a small baby. Come let's help her. She will go to her job again. What is the least we have to do in the morning to move forward. People are seeing all these things in life getting settled in front of them. All the diseases are spreading a lot but which  Somebody has you no because of the moment, people don't need to share this video too much, because that's the way it is, look, fear are people, what am I disgusted with that and fuel get after 78  Yes, it is a matter of time and it is the evolution of the society, of the country, so to say immediately why this is happening and it should not happen, does not matter to me. I want the audience which is connected with me, this should be like this, don't utter such words as to what should happen, focus on what you have to do, the middle class should also get something, there should not be a new free B, no, no one will be saved by saying this.  It does n't mean what do you need, there is a lot of frustration in your life, your miserable life is going on but it is a part of someone's agenda. I have seen that it is a part of an open agenda and all this reduces personal life, so many people who  They were living their normal life, they were working on money, they were fox on entertainment, they were fox on their good luck, they were fox on their career, they were fox on their relationship, they were fox on their health, just pick them all up and say, you haven't seen all this, this is a fortress, this is a war. What will you consume? You have many things to eat. But what you end up eating and consuming is defined by you. Think this, so I hope this bill will be understood by me.  The audience is very good, I am getting very good reactions, there are very good comments, this is the intelligence and this is the only thing that we have to take forward, just stay connected, if such a forward has been shown and you have not subscribed to the channel, then do some 10-12 by now.  Videos have been uploaded well, please go and watch them too, enjoy and it is not a journey but a story, you will reach the destination and you will also see the destination, it is exactly like the 9:00 o'clock debate, not like that.  You will leave me, you will never listen to those 9:00 debates, they will give you so much anxiety, you will sleep late at night, now you can see in my voice and tone, you can even sleep while listening to this, please know that there is a little peace inside my voice.  Healing power is there, I am talking peacefully, I am singing a lullaby, but this once, yes everyday, if you consume this channel, by extracting the juice from your external, this noise that has been happening, I will cut you like a letter.  I am giving it by typing in this way, please enter metro happy, mute Jain from that group and remove him for a few days, Jain and tell him, 'Doing this detox from those who do this detox, what do people do?' Why would you go through social media, which is a good thing, you cannot get rid of it directly on the phone, there are many good things in this phone, there are very bad things, consume it consciously, I have to consume it and its only one.  It is the filter and test which takes you up, makes you feel good, makes you feel good, gives you peace, gives you peace, gives you fun, gives relaxation, only that content is right and which is not like this, leave this one, this is like yourself.  Chhath will pass and people will become one, it will last for a time, after that it will become ours, let's start, start, as they say, first things to tell, many things to tell about me, I feel that there is someone nearby and who is better than me.  audience  For example, there has been a change in the society, I am an observer scientist, hello or even a reformer, because what happens in this old time, in a very old time, Vidyasagar ji is Raja Ram Mohan, it is a thing because he was educated, the rest of the people were not very educated.  Things did happen when I came here before this note match difference between me and you in terms of vativer study written and de baby look and talk and speak in this  Think, everyone is expert in their knowledge, these days every person is influencing, every person is doing something or the other, in this you are saying this, it does not mean that you are the one here, this is the one here, right now in this video.  People will also write below that it means you are like this. Okay, so first you will relax. Do not forward this kind of thing. Forward this video to your parents who keep sending such messages in the morning and evening. Tell them, Papa, Mom, have.  If you are looking at the youngster and if it is you yourself, it is dad and mom who is sending then tell me, look at yourself because you are seen forwarding it, now this will happen, then this will happen.