Hello friends, today we will discuss, we will discuss openly on EVM. Do you understand that EVM is fine? It is okay, so let's discuss EVM once because no logical discussion has been done on it till now and my job is to talk logically because  There is always a doubt about EVM that it is not known whether the EVM will be manipulated, sometimes it comes to Sukh Butt and in the opposition parties they say to you, today elections are going to be held, so one thing we will tell you in this video.  Through this or the public, you are ignorant, let's clear one thing, it is okay with these political parties, especially with the opposition ones, it is okay that friend, is this a scam in EVMs, if you have any doubt in this, then tell me right now, then let's discuss the issue.  There will be no manifesto, settle this thing, tell me brother, this will not happen and if it is not happy, do not push that the result has come as per your wish, then brother, then yes, it is fine, EVM gets fixed in Karnataka.  If the result is fine in Bengal, then brother, if it is fine in Telangana, then the EVM will be fine there, this EVM is like this, it means that some will be fine there, it has got damaged from here, if you have doubt then brother, sit completely.  Stop the whole country, brother, do it to EVMs and if you are not raising this issue, you are doing your campaigning, releasing your manifestos here and there, chanting Jai Ho Jai Ho and not discussing EVMs. Brother, don't open your mouth again, Leo, but I will also tell you my take on EVMs. I will discuss from the other side, but this is a clear cut for the opposition parties. Brother, you settle down once, not that the result should be slightly favorable on 4th June.  If something seemed right then brother, it was okay and if it didn't seem right then he said, then why are you contesting the elections? Then brother, if you like that I am the top leader of the opposition party and I am on the EVM.  If there is any doubt then I will leave all the work and say brother, he will do it otherwise we would not have fought because we are not here, it is not that if you say a little or do that, if you lose then the EVM is bad and if you win then the EVM will be fine there, the public is selective.  A clear cut message has to be given to the politicians that brother, tell me whether the election is going to be held or not, otherwise whether to give the paper or not, you tell me, if the opposition in the country says that you should not give me the paper, then brother, then the issue has become.  Then VVPAT count will have to be done everywhere. Then do the ballot paper and if you feel okay because now I will tell you my take on it. Yes, EVM is fine and does anyone think in EVM that even if there could be a technical glitch?  Let's accept that it can be known, although it has not been proved yet, but it is said that let's guess that its age is If you could, then how would you know that these question papers are leaked? So many people are developed in checks and balances. You have to understand the procedure of Election Commission. So many people are developed in it. Group D, Employee Group C, Group B.  All the officers, the whole system is evolved, caste, gender, everything is evolved, so you can call it such a big scam, call it theft or call it a mess.  No political party can get away with it, all of them are sitting with mobile phones, within a minute all of them become like this But brother, the actual one, you can't pull through this, that money heist, as if it was a web series, this is also a high type, this, no one can pull through, no leader even if he wants to. If it can be done, if it has not been proven yet that you can do it, it has not been proven yet, but I am saying that even if you can do it, no one will do it, no, this is the biggest thing. This is a thing and we have to fix it as a country, we can get out of this thing and as far as there are suggestions in it because the random wife pats are those who are like me and my opponent and they are our agents for polling.  ones  So they can make a match with any of them, friend, now all the rice is cooked, all the rice is raw, so you won't tell me that I have eaten all the rice, brother, after eating some of the raw rice, you will come to know, so I am saying this randomly, okay, 543  If the seats are fine in the country, then count all the VV pats on 10 seats. If there are more issues, then you should be aware of this. However, counting all the seats is a waste of time, but what is the value of that time in India?  There is no cost, it will take two, four, six, 10 hours more, count once, if you have to do it then that is one solution, other wise, random check is being done, all the agents who sit there, whatever policy they see there, they see it and randomly, you have not checked any box. Picked it up and you can match with it. Even if a thousand votes were cast, it was counted, so how will it be fixed at random? And in the old times, there was more match fixing in the ballot paper.  My friend, at least go there, fast, fast, fast, fast, now here at least you have to press this button, it is VV pat, it is a human's child, CCTV is installed, Aadhar card is there, sorry, you have to go with your voter ID card, all that is yours, you have to do that. So in one thing, the country has reached the level it has reached. Don't reinvent the wheel. Now, if you start making LPG gas again, then no, we will go and make Chulle gas again. No, this is right now.  Has the electrical vehicle arrived or the big engine petrol is running fine, no yes, we will go in that one, we will go in the old model, no yes, that is good, no, we will not go in the cross steering car, yes, it is fun doing it like this.  Some technology has come, this has happened, let's settle it as this thing, don't discuss it, there is more problem in elections, beyond which I want my audience and the citizens of our India to open their mouth, they should open their mouth that brother. If I press any button on the EVM, I will win, whatever I want, but Susra, even after winning, he will keep doing what he does, you will uproot him, the problem is there, isn't it, in Maharashtra, just look at it by making a joke.  Question that thing, you keep doing EVM, EVM, no result comes, no, EVM is there, it is okay, it says no, Supreme Court says something, they show elections. After doing commission, this is cheating, it is like children, elections are being held in the country, that is the question of children, so do this or not, those who break it, now I want to tell you, brothers and sisters, listen, the topper student is in alliance with 50 parties. And I don't know how many other small parties are there in the opposition. You will vote for all of them and these votes will go to their account and they will win some of these elections.  I am not a scam, but the scam would be that the person who voted for this idol went here, as soon as he wins, there is an MP election, which one of them, you will install that one on 66 and that system. Only one man said, today I live on that of RLD, one man wins on my name and surname, now I have gone to this party, I have to wear only the belt, whose belt will I wear?  Sorry to use this word, wear it only with a strap, say go there and wear it in a minute, will wear it on anyone, what guarantee do you have, did you put this or that after thinking, anyone can go anywhere, beyond that, there is no discussion if You have seen that some party is coming with two MPs, is coming with 250, is coming with 300, is coming with 70, is coming with 100, it is not easy to break such a percentage of 66, but brother, if any three MP comes, then  Of the party, two of them have come here, now the EVMs are being scammed, there is no EVM scam in this, people have applied their mind, awakened their intelligence, conscience and consciousness and voted for him, they cast their vote correctly and he also won, but now there is no control over him. Wherever it goes, the same thing happens in MLA elections. You see that operation happened anywhere in Madhya Pradesh. What do they call these toppers? Which sign of the party is that? Efforts were made in Karnataka and efforts are made everywhere in Himachal.  So this game is going on, you vote for someone and start crying over the EVM. I am saying that there is nothing in the EVM. If you vote for someone, he will fly away. Tell me, what treatment will you give to him? He has to do it, right? What is to be done by questioning EVM? This is a bigger mess that I vote for this person and if the vote goes to this person then there is nothing wrong with the technology and process but if it goes somewhere else then that is another topper party like this.  Sitting comfortably, vote for someone, he will come to us, I had made a video earlier, if the water of the sweet ghat of colors and sherbets dissolves itself in me, then everything will be resolved, sitting like the water of the sweet ghat, ready to dissolve once.  If you call then the problem is this, stop crying of EVM, it is nothing, EVM is absolutely fine, everything is good, the problem is ahead brother, it is not in it, you have a small exam, if the question paper gets leaked then that.  We are caught because we are like this, friend, don't tell anyone, this is actually happening, or something is strong in our stomach, we have not been taught so long, if you see, we have a problem, brother, and this is also our advantage in a way.  Talking about the country is not something I can stomach and there is also an advantage, one half of the army is a military man and we keep all of them secret. Well, that's a different procedure. Otherwise, how can you do this work?  Will you, friend, talk to someone in the stomach, whatever is there, there is Group C, then there is Group B, there is Group A, there are officers, there are phones, everything is there, no one can escape, no one can fix it, then that fix cannot be done since this is why no one can.  He is not even doing it because it is foolish to do it. If I fix the human being, then why do I need to fix the machine? To fix the machine, one has to be caught. Fixing the machine is also not easy and yet.  Not technically proven but it can be fixed by a human being in two minutes. You are having an election, this time you will win. Fat brother is winning. If you win, then see how easy it is to do. You will come to know as soon as the election is over. Political parties have started elections today, you have to judge who is winning, you take your car once and come to the polling booth, everyone is sitting there, who has the longest queue. And when you get the slip, in which line you get to know which one is right, if it is very close, then a little one is the other wise, roughly everyone knows where the program is going, set the program there in advance, if you will win.  And this one, one, one, one, one MP, two, two MPs, three MPs, now in Bihar, I don't know how many are fighting on five seats, brother, fight on five seats, if two of you come, come, come, come, come under the tent.  come here  That's why there is so much confidence in crossing because it is already crossed brother, if the number comes then if you do n't cross then you have to cross anyway, do whatever you have to do, you are feeling sad here by discussing on EVMs, by discussing on ideology. Most of all, feel pity on that political worker and the political worker of the topper party, who is old, has been beaten, has been lathi-charged, has done everything and those who beat him are going to be the boss over him because he is the one who Look at the pain of the parties and understand that if you have a political work which you opposed from within and they did the same to you, now they will come to your party and sit at your head and they will have to campaign for them and speak. Brothers and sisters, we will have to get them to vote, there is a lot of politics, I would say that it is a shameless act, if I use the word, how can you do like this, friend, you mean you do n't even question your leaders.  What pills and stories are they feeding you? I want to hear from the one who is a loyal worker, who is loyal to ideology, hard working and has even faced the baton, what story would you be telling him before he comes, these days, he is on the leash, these days, no every political party.  I have made it clear that if someone of this level comes, he will wear this belt, wear this turban, these are kept in the store house and they are like that, if you go to Allahabad or anywhere else, you will get that coconut. Then you throw it, then people jump and take out the coconut and then they catch it to you, then you, then the next judge throws it and then they take it out again. This turban is also like this, it is kept there.  20-30 turbans of different sizes, depending on which leader comes, only he wears the turban, only he takes it off and then he moves it forward, this drama is happening here, this drama is happening from here to here.  Question them and these dramas are happening before the elections and they will happen after the elections too. Right now they are happening before the elections, after that then again mumma again mumma then tune change Kolaveri de Kolaveri de mumma tune changes. Their tune will always remain mumma tune changes.  Is it ever from here to here, from here to here, the public has to focus more on this, beyond this, there is more discussion on this, EVM is a time waste let's not discuss.  It's because I told you that first of all it has not been proved that there is something wrong in it, second brother, there is no way to escape from it, where will a man come from, no one is even trying, he is not trying for any party, and if like I told you in the first example, if  You opposition people who are crying so much, looking at your paper it seems that you will cry on the 4th, if you are okay then brother, if it will come out then tell me strictly now, sir, what do you say to me, I do n't like this one.  You make me another one, now you make it an issue, you are not making it an issue because you also know in your heart that friend, this is not wrong, you know it but it is that I want to feel it, otherwise in the last move, then how will you say no to us?  So the public did not trust us again, then tell me, this is not yours, this is not right, there is no delay like this, and all your agents are there, everything is there, the entire system is very good, friend, so let's not question our core system is fine.  Don't question him, there are many other things to question and I told that beautifully in this video that brother, you vote for someone, only your man will come to me, why are you feeling sad, even if you have won the election, it is yours.  A person will come, change things again and again and resign again and then by-elections will be held. This is a joke. In this, 20 people came to the assembly and then they resigned and then by-elections are held again.  He fought and then he became a minister, then you had voted for him, look at the stupidity of the public, first he won, then he ran away, then he ran away, then who made him win, how did it happen, how did it happen, the public is not paying attention here, I hope the channel liked the video. Subscribe, request is to increase the number of subscribers. The political environment is getting hotter. Along with the heat, the atmosphere is also getting hotter. It will be a lot of fun. It is the dance of democracy. We have to come and dance in it every day. And every day.  Have to participate, this discussion is more important than IPL because this does affect us and will affect us at least the under standing of it will affect us and my audience is very very good, feedback is coming very good in the comment section.  If you have any engagement, please put it in the comment section. This channel is about loud thinking and crowd sourcing of wisdom and whose ideas are there.  please tell me subscribe the channel thank you very much