Hello friends, today we will discuss on the rise of users in the political space, the downfall of Godi media and why people lost faith in the media. Over period, other wise, media was a very big thing, newspapers used to come first and then this newspaper, this news.  There used to be channels but over a period of time, I want to tell what happened and we have to understand this phenomenon and so that we can know in future also what will happen in the future if you look into the political space.  If we look at the popular channels, then the content of Dhruv Rathi ji is okay, I would say it is political, although he brings something else in between, Ravish, this is why, there is Ajit Anj, there is one, Joshi ji, there is a lady, the name is remembered by me.  I am not able to understand that your Deepak Sharma ji is a 4 PM person, he is a topper student, despite making promises, a good political channel is emerging, which I am telling the subscribers.  It is okay that there are huge number of subscribers and there are other channels as well but I told you in general and Godi YouTubers also have two or four of them, if you ever go and watch them then they are very extreme.  It's okay, he is from Jaipur Dialogues, you would never know by watching his channel that this person is the retired Chief Secretary of Rajasthan, he talks in such a manner, he is as mean as he says.  Isn't that figure ok and there is also a Bharti Ajit Bharti Karke, he is a little on this side, the other people you will get to know in the political space, I am telling you about the stars, which is ok, so one is Anand Ranganathan ji, he has his own.  There are also people who do an evening show, there are those people too, then there are more people here and there, okay, I don't agree with all of them, that's a different thing, I am not a fan of any of them, I just think so. My  I think the content is better than all of them, but I told them why all of them have risen because it was being discussed on a podcast that these people have risen a lot, they should be heard a lot.  It is fine and that is Ashok Wakhar ji, he is listened to, Deepak Sharma ji is listened to, Prasun Vajpayee is one of the anchors, he is also listened to a lot, the rest are at small level, small channels and states.  There are many level people, okay, so why did this happen? This happened because what did they do? Real media means these are your big channels like all the channels, English Hindi ones, whatever Arnav Goswami one, Aaj Tak ones, these are the ones.  They reduced going out and reporting, used to live in AC office and started getting so much revenue from the government, state government, central government, beyond this, check the data, thousands of crores within the last 10 years. They get money from advertisements, they do n't even need normal advertisements, so they go and do the reporting, send people to do it from there, now all of them sit and do podcasts, this work is done by voting, I give you the knowledge, I also give my knowledge whatever I know.  It is understood that I am giving, they are also giving in the same way and now people are on mobile in their hands, they also listen to us on mobile, many times our things seem very logical, it seems logical and one of them is  On the other hand, now they are meeting, now they are smiling, it is raining, flowers have won next, they have crossed 400, they have become Sikhs, now I have seen that many who are of BJP have many supporters, whom many people troll like that. A word has been created for doing blind devotee. It has already become a word for them. I myself do not like to use but give. Today, it has become such that whoever is there is called a blind devotee, then those people who  they too are there now  People like us are coming to our channel or are coming to other channels because they are saying that we also need another point of view because we are bored, the same kind of narrative is going on here and there, so the country should  Now with the freshness that is needed, I am now telling you what is going to happen and what should happen. You all have to become YouTube because what was the case earlier if your agenda will be too visible or will be divided or it means checks and balances on you. WhatsApp is not only 2 but they do some things with them but they don't have any viewership so it doesn't help that you have such a random one, now I don't make you use the wrong word to call any class or poor or rich or like that.  But just like that, a random person has made some videos and is a very wrong speaking person, so no one is giving him any importance because he looks like he belongs to us, his IQ level is visible from his face.  Okay and it is visible from the way he speaks, so this is the space that I told you, what is there in this space, now the channels are your main stream channels, how many are you watching in Hindi, you put 2025 main channels, this is ABP News.  And this Rajat Sharma ji and this Hindi Ke Laga Lo Main Main which is 20 and the English Main Main Laga Lo 10 which takes the top viewership means between them take it to 95.  If we go, then these are 30 channels, but these channels like ours are coming now, now there is no limit on them, although even among the popular channels that I have mentioned, people are watching them at 70-80, but more channels will come here because there is someone in it.  It is not that 50 crores of production cost is required to open the channel, so you people also make it further. You people who are my subscribers, please also keep an eye on what is happening around you, beyond that, all the YouTube cyans do so much color. They were crying in all the survey agencies, what did the posters say, their team betrayed them and gave a different report, then you are as good as your team, sitting at home they said that Modi ji is winning by 400. We went here, these people are winning the elections, these people are winning, we gave a report, asked someone, it takes a lot of life to go physically and ask in the sun, didn't we ask ourselves and gave a report, then the local channels which are on today's day.  Are Local people are there through the comment section and they are more aware of their local issues and this is why I want all of you, who are my audience, to become citizen journalists and two to four five crore YouTube1 people should stand up.  Then you will go and bring milk, you will bring a pot, you will bring tea leaves, you will have to keep the things, if you make tea, people will start coming, hey, tea is available there, tea is available, tea is available, this betel leaf is available.  There are shopkeepers who sell beedis, there are cigarette people, they stand anywhere, they do not ask whether people will come or not, they know that they have to come, they have to come anywhere, I am telling you, I mean, I do not promote gutka, paan and exam at all.  I am telling you that in India, you open something, people will come, open the pav bhaji one, it has gone viral, is it pav bhaji or bada pav sari vada pav wali vadapav wali?  Anything works in India, so you open it yourself and what will happen from it, will there be true democracy, then Godi media will not understand and yours is yours, I am saying this as an example, you live in a society, society means.  If you open a channel with a flat of a thousand people, today there is this activity, today there is this problem, today there is this, then all your subscribers will be from that society, then do two-four such societies and you will be successful in that too.  goes  You can earn a lot of money even in that amount and become relevant. You are giving ideas to every society. I am giving ideas to RW people. Open your so and so area, so and so sector, so and so society, RW Association, so and so, threaten, open all of them.  It will slip out of your hands, no one will be able to control anyone else, I am giving you the idea of ​​strengthening democracy, I do n't have any expenses, my subscribers are also increasing, you like it, do n't you?  People will increase, I will also become lakhs gradually, make videos every day, give knowledge to people, add value in the life of some people, then here I add value in your life, subscribers increase every day, views come every day and I  Tell me what am I saying wrong because when you are dependent on others then you have no platform to speak, your view point and keeping your wisdom and conscience right, tell the society a genuine thing. Show me the mirror, how good is this mic, isn't this the mic of 8800? It seems like you can take an interview with anyone. What do you have to say? Okay, then okay, how did you like the movie? How did you like this? This issue is coming. Okay.  How does this budget look? Hey, nothing has been done for the middle class. Hey, what has been done, what has not been done. If you have done well then you will say good things. Take an interview of 50 people. Genuinely people will know what is happening in the country. Wow.  Should we do this? We will have to stop all the channels. This is a different work for the channels. Now you saw that a case was filed in the High Court, the decision came so soon. An anchor said something to someone, he said, he abused me, he filed a case.  And he said that he did not abuse and while now he cannot speak on it, you people know that for what ever the court decides so quickly, by the way, there are so many people here waiting in the queue, he says to someone, what is the urgency given that the decision will be taken where.  but guys And now you are understanding the meaning of this, everything is fine then who should come and question whom should they question on this, if they question the politician then they get scared from here or if they question the officer then they get scared from here, okay business man.  The public is scared everywhere because when everyone starts opening their mouths, this is democracy, then I am telling you to stand up, apply force, the guidelines are very clear and simple.  Just do follow them, don't follow anyone in the name of one religion or in the name of others, whatever is your genuine thing, come and speak from your heart, no guidelines are folly and some channel's channel also looks like this, please shut it down. Dega, no one can stop it, funny videos, educational videos, this video, yes, what is the problem in that, put all the educational videos, we have to disillusion the politicians, are you with me, political?  The powers have to show their status that we are the sovereign of India, we the public will tell you we are the boss, we are the judge, the boss, we have to become Pushpa, the public has to become Pushpa, Pushpa Pushpa Pushpa Pushpa, we will come straight, we will not bow down, who means the public politician? Hey, we have to keep them bowing, they bow only twice when they come to ask for votes, once in the Assembly and once in the Lok Sabha, they don't even ask about their caste, find the MP, go away.  Whatever problems I have, is there any way to meet them? This is my helpline number, this is my PA's number, you can take an appointment here, I go to this office from here, if you ever go to a doctor, then it is Doctor Sahib's number.  You know that this is the time of OPD, the doctor sits here on this date, Wednesday is here, Saturday is here, at so and so time, you know that the slip will be cut there, sitting is here, there is a waiting list.  The system of meeting you leaders is like this, they are public servants and then they will come to take their votes and then you will vote in the name of religion or in the name of caste, you vote on this name and then you are happy. All of you can create your own channels. I want every subscriber to create a channel. Any subscriber who wants to create a channel can write to me in the comment section. If I get 100 channels then I will create a channel. However, I have hired a professional. I have done a paid workshop, but now depending on my time, I will do one more video on this, but I will use it for political purposes, then the rest will become professional, not for spare, but he will have money, then I will take the money, I want to do it for free.  I am doing this work of doing politics in it, you get money in it also, some get less, some get less butt, everyone gets this channel, according to me, everyone should have this channel, everyone should have a channel, today I went there, I saw this going wrong. My  This is my opinion, what is your opinion, what is your opinion and many people, so I will address here that if you are friends then you can also create a channel with four people because it is owned by one person and many times he cannot upload content like I do.  There are many channels and I am doing this full time but you may be studying, working, busy with other things, if you can't dive, then you are four different people who are friends from different cities or something.  You can create a channel together. You can contribute that content and share the money you earn. Open a joint account and do adsense in it. I will tell you how many people are there who would like to create a channel. Please write in the comment section from anywhere.  If you are a resident of a small town then what happened, tell me what is the problem there and go there and make a video and say in the video, see, the sewer is blocked here, the water is blocked here right now.  Gurgaon will be flooded, I am already telling you how much the government can do, elections are coming, we will check, I am telling you as an example, you are from one city, you can be in any city, you can see anti-social elements anywhere or anything.  See something wrong happening, see some wrong activity with some children, see some wrong activity with some children, make a video on your channel and upload it and if you feel very scared in it, then I will teach you in another way for at least one hour.  You will feel that I cannot make such a big video, so when you want to open a channel, I will tell you what to do and it will go to the authorities and it is not our intention to let anyone down, brother, don't think that I am here for some kind of revolution. I am saying this to reach out genuinely because if something reaches those government people sitting in the office, then they will automatically take cognizance of it when comments come in because in a democracy, voting is done, so every person comes and takes part in it.  As someone is speaking now, let me give you an example of NEET, there is a physics student in NEET, our Alak Pandey ji, he went and lodged a complaint and lodged a complaint with the minister and they said that the guardian had lodged the complaint, oh brother, he is also affected. Why can't I enter as a citizen of this country? Even if I am not directly affected, at least indirectly, if they are coaching people, then they are affected by their children traveling.  There is no man who should try to be a student of the children or a leader of the children, you have an agenda, you are a coach, the father of the child, hey, the father of the child does not have a lawyer, he has no money, he has no energy, he has no influence, so he is the one who has to stand up. This is what the politician wants to become powerful himself and leave you at this level. Hey brother, after 1500 subscribers, he does n't say anything, but for me it's only 31000.  The same is happening in my other big channels too, but in this, you have political acumen that yes, we have such strength that people listen to it, in the olden times people would take 10 people in politics or go to the Panchayat or village.  If you take 20 people with you, then go to the politicians only. Brother, if there are 20 people, then by going into four, you have 100 votes. Well, let's do their work brother. Subscribers are also family, I am an idol, it is right.  You will do it because if a person is telling him that something is wrong, he is telling it logically like I am saying, Agneepath scheme will have to be changed, Agniveer, it is an issue, so if you people support it, you are curious when it comes to this.  It reaches someone because they also calculate that so many comments, so many likes, so many channels are influencing the election, the entire vote is taken, there was a video with a dictate, Dhruv went to 12 crore people.  Rathi's brother played different roles in that sphere, good is bad in elections, he was against your IG, he had agenda or not, good or bad for the country, that is a different discussion, I am talking about effective, effective of platform because now this  Godi is the media, its effectiveness has become zero, it has become zero, because now even the devotees are not watching it, then it will end like people have become disillusioned with cinema, some movies from Bollywood will be released.  If you go to watch some movies, then the same thing will happen to them, like they will go for information like business channels will continue to run, stock market discussion, some promoter is speaking and the other wise, that too will reduce.  If you have to show yourself like this 24 hours a day, then where will you get the quality of content, no one is coming, I have my own genuine intelligence, as I say, I have a lot of intelligence, why should I go and work for any news channel?  Go upstairs and waste half an hour of my time, I will open my own channel here and this is what these people are doing, who are famous in all the media and have brought genuine talent and genuine feeling of journalism in them, they all have their own Today I will tell Anjana Om Kashyap ji to leave it and this Sudhir Choudhary will tell me, leave it till today, make your own channel and then talk.  Let's see how much power he has, then Aaj Tak has done something and everything for so many years, by being the fastest and coming on the platform there and Shik Shik Shik from behind and today coming in the helicopter, clothes make-up shakeup, all this.  That is easy to do. Come genuinely and sit here. Like us here, genuinely come and sit on the sofa and genuinely talk about the public's issues. Talk openly and involve them too. Sometimes their comments come and sometimes it becomes known.  Is it ours, the status of every video and every topic, we come to know within an hour how much the video has played, how many people are watching, how many likes are coming, how are the comments coming, have I made a relevant video, have I not made it, and the feedback is so quick.  From this, we who are genuine creators, I consider myself genuine and many people are genuine, they come to know that yes, this is the right thing, we talked about something of ours, if they consider us to be agenda driven and  Do not understand our feelings, what we were trying to say, that is, there is a communication gap. If my intentions are good, why only I know about my intentions? Others may think, I can claim that it is good, but I only know it.  If my intention is right and the public is misunderstanding it, then that means what is wrong, there is a mistake in the public, no, there is never any mistake in the public, the mistake will remain in my communication, I will correct it in the next video, I will correct it in the next video and  others will also check  That yes friend, now its communication is fine, now we are understanding, isn't that feedback coming constant, Godi Media people themselves do not listen to any feedback, Paisi has crossed 400 in the studio, he has crossed 400 in the studio, so now this is coming to an end.  In three to four years, all of them will disappear. Check the listed share prices to see where they are going, but they were as much equal to the government as the state government and they were indirectly.  In a way, giving a bribe means that you are giving them so much advertising money, these people started getting money so easily, their anchor fees increased so much, they became star anchors and then they became heroes.  Now you tell me who is the owner of all these Republic TVs. Tell me, all of them are politically linked and they have channels of BJP people and Congress people too, do I know something which is theirs?  Who all are linked? Whose ownership is this? These political parties are owning the channel. Directly, indirectly, through businessmen, through friends, through industrialists, through someone. Everyone has made some or the other setting within Tamil Nadu. You know about them. So only the TV channels are running, that Sun TV of the political party, whose Sun TV is it, tell me, okay, brother, we too have to open our platform to the public, open it more.  You, many people have told me that you were running such a good channel, make good videos, keep making them there, don't make these, do n't talk like this to many people, hey, what did I do less there too?  As many videos are being uploaded as can be uploaded, but here the video is being uploaded because this space is a blue ocean opportunity, here I am giving advice to you guys, don't stop me, don't do this friend, don't say such a bad thing, say this, do this or this.  We don't like it, we don't want to see you in that group, just talk about shares, talk about property, houses, jobs, relationships, marriage, there is such growth, this one, this one is also important because we cannot skip it. This is the politics of a country decides the ecosystem. How will the pond be? If the pond itself gets spoiled, you will travel. If there is a fish in it, you will travel. You cannot individually say, no, I am a fish, I have to eat something here.  I am getting it to drink, it is doing well brother, it is affecting the pond also, if it is getting messed up then people will have to say, hey brother, don't put this in it, don't do it like this, don't do it, so this is also very important.  All of you will create whatever channel I want, brothers and sisters, all of you create a channel. Now, as many subscribers as I have or as many viewers of this video as I have, create a channel. I will create a special group in the comment section.  If you want to join for anything, you can gather a number in Guruji from Gurugram Kagram. There are already thousands of members on it. If you can become a member then their details will start appearing in it. If you just want to join, then I will not give the link individually. If I can teach each and every person how to use Zoom, then what will I do? I will tell you, come to that group, I will become regular beyond that and I will tell you all that  I will make those who have become irrelevant politically relevant. No one is asking you who is my audience. I do n't know what my audience is. No one is asking. You are becoming crazy about other people's marriages, your issues are your issues and how will you raise them.  All voices will be there, now I will not just one, but all the 3 Hajj channels who are my subscribers will take it and then you will also open it in the family and through that the voice will be heard. We will narrate the voice here because Godi media is not going to narrate it.  These representatives who have brought votes in the Parliament, there is no way to reach them, so our channels will definitely reach them, whatever channel, like my channel, I have feedback, even Kha Kha is talked about, now in Agniveer you have seen I have seen me making noise two-three times, then I became a little quiet because I got feedback from one place that brother, keep calm, change is happening, so my aim here is not to become a hero, this is the issue.  I have to do the right thing, if the confidence and assurance that I have got is that I will not see the direction in 15, 20, 25 days, 30 days, then what is my point, my hello friends, it will start again here, I am telling this with the confidence with which I come and speak.  Brother, it makes a difference if you have 31000 viewers or subscribers, it makes a difference and especially when you talk genuine, if you talk agenda driven or forcefully.  All you have to do is to criticize and if your problem is more about the person than the issue, then those people also understand, the audience also understands, the politician also understands, but what is the best thing about the politician, he understands the intentions, he knows that  Is he doing this on someone's advice or is it genuinely driven by his own instinct and genuine people are joining and this is where I can hit the spot on politicians, so we can support channels like ours.  They give so much respect because we bring real issues and tell them such things in which they get clapping because their own political workers are not able to give that much intelligence and officials are not able to give them the wisdom to do this, they are politicians after all.  He keeps thinking what work should I do, what should I do to make the public happy, with whom should I do something, because all the time he also knows that listening to stories will not work, he also wants to do something real, so like us and I want like you too now.  Connect and tell the genuine politician, brother, please do this, if you do n't do it, then look again, then you will have to change, okay what will the person doing the change do right, if he does n't do it, then we will change him, do we have 5 years in democracy in politics?  If you put someone on your throne, you can change it in 5 years. It is not necessary to become a devotee, nor should one perform Aarti from him, nor should such a thing happen that the public should perform Aarti through a politician.  And the politician came and performed aarti for you like this, why can't this happen, why can't it happen the other way around? So please subscribe, like the channel and I will make everyone a channel. Thank you very much.