Hello friends, I want to start a very interesting debate. I and you all want to participate, it is a matter of our country, we are Indians, we Indians have to discuss, I do not want to do any North-South in this, but I want to tell the point and what is that phenomenon.  Chief Minister Stalin Saheb of Tamil Nadu and Do Saheb of Andhra Pradesh are very aware about fertility rates in their states and it is a I also agree and this thing so.  I was saying for many days that the fertility rate is going down in both the states, that is, women are producing less children. The fertility rate in India has gone below the replacement rate. The replacement rate is 2.1. If every woman produces 2.1 children, then catering for If you are a husband and wife, if two people are gone, two people are left, then the population has neither increased nor decreased, if two children are born, if less than two children are born.  If one woman does it, it means the population will decrease. In South Korea, there are 78 son-in-laws. It is different for other countries. There are 36 places in India. If you count your total separately, then Union Territories are also included in it, so 31 out of 36 states.  In stroke union territories, we have gone below the replacement rate. There are five states in which the most greedy country is the country. I am saying the states, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar which have become factories for producing children. Now I will say that I feel bad that 3.6 Now it is not injustice in Bihar that UP Bihar keeps increasing the population so much and now in the delimitation, you know the government dispensation, by increasing the seats there, the power will remain in the North, UP Bihar are not discipline about child means population.  It is okay because if you combine both then it will become close to 50 crores, maybe it is better if it definitely becomes 40 crores then every third person in India is either from UP or Bihar.  I am not getting anything done against them but I am saying that when this GST is deducted and distributed which goes to one center and one state and after the center distributes it back to Bihar and bridges collapse there then man there. What is your fault, you are here, you are provoking them, this is South India, South India, no, I am telling the truth, friend, I am telling the truth, they study in Bangalore, do IT, they are smart children, they produce less, they pay more taxes.  are everything  We do it and here within Bihar, why should I not speak, the government cannot speak, the political party cannot speak, Congress cannot speak because they also want votes in Bihar, BJP will not speak, others will also not speak, but we, the countrymen, can speak.  He said, what is this or if the people of South India have shown more discipline, they produce less children, women get employed, your sex ratio is that of South Indian states, it means more females than males.  Females on 1000 mails are 1050 1100 in Haryana, after suffering for so many years, they have reached 800 850, what is their mistake, they have also done women empowerment, children are also less, now women empowerment has happened, so now she is saying that I  I have to do a job for the children, I can't support the children, I will reduce it, now the population is also decreasing and they are paying more tax, they are also getting less GST. They don't even get the political share in power because the brother who takes UP, Bihar and North India gets seats in Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Delhi and if he forms this government then this one is within the delimitation and if this happens then it will be very big.  I am not just talking about this as an issue, I am raising the issue of South only, it is a bigger issue, many people will say that low fertility rate is very good for the country, then again this issue will come up, religion is dangerous, religion is dangerous.  the matter also comes up  So if religion is in danger then why don't they give birth to children then why do you keep talking about the danger of religion because religion is not in danger everything of ours will be in danger Economics because dependent population will increase Today our elders and elders say People are old people, they should not feel bad, it is okay to be called old, if they are actually old, if their hair is white and it is not there, then perhaps it may seem okay, 12 crores.  If 12 crore people are above the age of 60, then 12 crore is enough but not too much because the population is young and as less children are born, the young population will reduce after 20 years because it may not have been born and which is 40 today.  The 45 year old is going to cross 60, the 45 year old is going to be 50, the 40 year old is going to be 55, the 40 year old is also going to cross 60, so their population will increase, now this  There will be dependent population and there will be no one left anywhere. Till date, no country in the world has been able to reverse its fertility rate. In India, it is something like that, how can you talk about increasing the population of Kalpalayam, but this big elephant brother, once again below.  Gaya, it is not going to come up and at the rate it is going, there is concern there, now they are incentivizing that those who do not have two children, we will not let them contest the elections or they will do something like this. Look at what they have done in Korea, you can bring a nanny from a foreign country, you can do it like this, they will give you this, they will give you money inside Japan, the government will give money, just imagine, the government is giving money to give birth to children, so is India.  Immediately, according to me, the government should solve this problem. See my recommendation. I don't just come and cry and then go away. I talk about practical things and they are heard at very high levels. They are also implemented.  And I am happy and I am not under any misconception, so today I will tell you, if it happens then only you people will judge because like it happens earlier, even then you tell that if it has happened then it feels very good and the rest is YouTube and the rest is someone else.  And there is influence, there is some leader, brother, listen, someone is talking good, someone is giving good idea, someone is speaking logic, if you make that idea your own and spread it on a large level and take all his reputation and fame, then I will feel a little bad.  My [ __ ] clapping is your butt, there will be peace in my soul that whatever was said and heard will at least sleep well at night, so the idea is I am giving a clear cut, how the government has to now do it is okay. Otherwise, women have been de-incentivized to get married, to give birth to children, my demand is to increase the maternity leave from six months to a year. If only it should be increased in government jobs too, because the government is  You can immediately do it for your employee, there is no commotion in private, what will happen if she takes leave for one year, then how can the maternity leave be increased from six months to one year and the child care leave should be kept only for two years but in that  Sharing should be done with the husband also because these days many situations arise such that a woman's career is going great and she takes leave for child care and the child is 12 years old.  14 year old friend ca n't take his father, if he is also a government employee, he can also see, maybe his situation is such that he can take leave, because what do women say, why should I take it, why should I take it every time, then I want to take a career. Why should I travel, then it should also be given to the husband who is a single husband. What do you call a single husband? He is a single father. Sorry, how can a husband be single? It is okay for single fathers too.  It is good to get the opportunity of child care relief and so that the problems being faced in giving birth to children are removed so that children are born and the biggest sinner in that is the schools, these schools start charging fees at this much, one day you Will run out of children because people will not produce children only. Tumhare na ja raha hai, the biggest scam of schools, if it is in India then it is of education and private schools.  The builders keep complaining that the rates have increased so much. It is okay that they complain about the builder, but he robs the house once he builds it, he does not rob you every day, the fees here are like this, if you cannot buy a house worth Rs 2 crore, then you are not a disgrace.  If you do n't like it, don't buy it, buy something else, live on rent, but if you can't pay your child's school fees, then you feel humiliated, do n't you go and fight with the school people that you have made the fees so high, that school  one will say the other  Don't have a child. How many parents are there who are not having another child by saying that the fees for one are so much, I have become so tight, inflation is going on like this, I will not have a second child and those who are poor people go to expensive schools.  Those who do not even want to educate their children, perhaps there is no limit to them, they are giving birth to more children, that is why you see Bihar is the poorest state of India, UP is also poor, so children are being born there because they are  So there is no problem, right?  If the government gives them everything, then whichever state is higher but in terms of per capita income, like Karnataka, children are decreasing there, Andhra is decreasing, Tamil Nadu is decreasing because there we have to spend money to educate them, now that expenditure is tolerated.  Women are working, they are decreasing, so this is such a stupid thing, how can you incentivize poverty, we have to take care of the poor, but how can we celebrate poverty, the children of the poor are oppressed.  If you don't educate someone, what will happen in India? The one who becomes rich, the one who becomes poor, leaves the country, no, only 5-6 Hajj people are leaving, Guruji, there are not many millionaires, so many, oh brother, every 50 people are leaving.  5000 people are leaving the party worth Rs. 500 crores. The one with Rs. 50 crores also becomes Rs. 100 crores. His children too could have done well in India. He could have taken India forward. Only your best batsman should leave.  Then what will the rest of the team do? You send out one of your best bowlers and your best batsman and say, you will not play, you will play with the rest. Take out your best center forward in hockey, who is your best penalty corner specialist, and let the rest of the team play.  If you take it then where will you win SA country and the whole problem is this, the biggest waste is that the private schools have included it in the fees, the child is not eating enough food and the second one is that there is no money for food, the biggest hit is the school fees.  What cannot be afforded is the biggest issue. You all have to share this issue and raise it and in our country I am telling you that you will grow old before getting the demographic dividend. Young Young Young Young, no job, no job, no job, no marriage.  No, no marriage, no children, no children, then everyone will be old and so many old people will roam around. Now Nikhil Kamat ji, who did not buy a house, has typed it from someone from an old age home and has invested there because  Those who are smart are seeing what is going to happen, they are having one child instead of having two and those who are not marrying are not having even one child and there a different campaign of losers is being run in which I am a part of every  Every now and then I have to tell in the video that I have got 5 crore subscribers, Wisdom, Vivek, Consciousness, Marry only when the work is big, don't do it otherwise, and here, nature not only knows that the species that produces it, survives. This is what people with conscience and conscience keep roaming around with. Whom will they serve? There will be no society and there will be no Chunnu or Munnu, what Acharya Prashant ji says jokingly, brother, how will that work, no, you marry someone who will take you up like this.  I don't get to marry such average people, I have to marry an extremely average person, I have married an average person and have given birth to an average person, you keep waking up, we will manage with this, what song do you have to force, then it means Kishore.  Kumar and Lata Mangeshkar, I ca n't sing a song until it happens, oh the peace of my heart, I feel like singing a song, I don't want the voice of a teenager, brother, I don't have a mood, so what has happened, do n't sing.  Reach that level and not this level, friend, this is the life of an animal, yes, animals are also needed, not everyone can become gods, some animals are also needed, it is okay here, otherwise you will realize that we are no longer just animals, we have become animals.  I don't have any intelligence or discretion. Who checked us? Animals don't dream. If animals dream then someone checked. What might you have seen in your dreams? Do animals dream? These big narcissistic spiritual gurus have come a lot. I am not a practical man but I am down to earth. I am an astrologer, I have read all this book, all the scriptures, I have read all my books, I have read all my old Vedas, but I do not come here and shake off his superiority that you have read this chapter, I tell myself.  I am the most knowledgeable person, you listen to me, if there is no life left in life, then tell me these big things. These 5 crore subscribers are also someone's children. If they had not even given birth, then where would they come from? I will repeat this again and again.  I am saying this because the atmosphere has been set to not have children, marriages are not working, marriages are breaking up, girls are doing body count of 498, girls are becoming more and more, girls are like this, they are from Switzerland.  Girls do not come, I am telling all the male men that Can You Attract Females from Switzerland, Denmark and Finland, the girls there are good, they are very cultured, ours is a sinner here, we will not marry, so where will you go there?  Do it somewhere, if you get a good one, otherwise I will have to tell you many times Guruji, if you are marrying, will you marry a girl with high body count, it is a very personal question.  Will marry a girl with high body count see you will tract what you are and you have control over yourself only then become something that true person dozen come no mere ko to yahi takraw rahe hai kyun sari aise sari aise hota kya hai na woh black swan  Reading a book with events: Unless you have seen Black Swan, everything is white. It is something like this. If you have not seen Peacock, then everyone thinks that Peacock is there or everyone has it.  Peacock's wings would be like that because you have never seen it dancing, because it is not there in them, so until you have not seen anything, it is the same thing for you. The person who has never driven a cross-steering car, has never seen it for him.  It was the same but if you use sharing once, then the second one does not work, then it means that your reality is yours, the environment in which you are living, that is yours, the relationship course is also going to start in a very good way, if you enroll for it.  If you want to do it then write R  So brother, so much curiosity has been quenched with money, no one is going to do it for free, here I can put the basam for free, the thing that can be explained in 15 hours, 20 hours, cannot be explained in 20 minutes. This question is very interesting, are you married?  You will do this with a girl whose behavior is like this, you will do this, you will come and tell me, you will not get the answer of yes or no so quickly, you will be explained, you will be explained, your curiosity is quenched, if you want to satisfy it, then you have to spend time and money, now I understand, hey.  dude like this  You are also a robber, you don't tell it for free, it is a copy of Rs 50 and Rs 00, it is made up and so much knowledge is available in Rs 500, this much knowledge is available in Rs 500, so the knowledge of every Rs 50 is worth Rs 50, and that of Rs 500 is worth Rs 500.  If you try harder, then this fertility issue that I am telling you about in your life is going to be a big issue in India, getting a job 30 years from now, getting married, having two children is a matter of pride. Everyone was able to do whatever was seen in the middle class and life was going on very comfortably and we did not celebrate that life because it was like 'Ok hai yaar bicycle hai scooter aayi chalal Maruti 8 is aayi'  Life is going on nothing, achieving this thing today has become such a praiseworthy thing, if you catch a 30 year old boy today, ask him if he has got a job, if you catch him out of 100.  If 30 are not found, then out of the remaining 70, I am getting a job. I am getting married. No, I have n't found a girl or don't like her or am going to ask her. Then those who have got her are doing well, so many of them are doing well.  Those who are not doing well and those who are doing well are unable to have children, those who have done one and the other one is not doing so, then the percentage will be such that among these people, if you get married, you will get a job, you will get married, you will have two children.  gone and your marriage is not breaking up  And the matter is going well, these five things are happening, only 5 to 10 people will remain, the system system, everyone else is roaming like this, the stem is awakening, the intellect is awakening, the relationship is living in, this is living.  If he is living then this whole system is doing great work. Hey tell me one thing, if there are so many people doing great work, then I do n't know when the country will become great, the work is great, where is the bad work.  means to  The work is not that I should do something or have gone to do a great work, the world is the work, where is the main work, where does the work come from, the work comes only when the marriage takes place and the wife says, bring vegetables, before that, what is the work?  So mother will say, pick up aunt from the station and come, you will have to do the work, do it for your wife, do it for your mother or do it for your teacher, this is the system, you will leave who will leave an empty person, who will leave an empty person, come and do great work.  do our Join the organization, go around on a motorcycle, distribute leaflets, gather people and also tell them what a great work it is to go around on a motorcycle and distribute these copies and acquire complete knowledge. Is n't this the knowledge of Vedanta and then it is like this? Is it bad?  It is not bad, at least do the rest of the work and why do you take so much trouble in knowledge, if you have any knowledge then tell him or take money and tell him, say that as I am, I am a capital man, this is the knowledge, you will get this much in life.  Now there will be a change, if you paid money, if you did not have knowledge, then abuse, you looted, looted, looted, looter, robber, or get some knowledge in life. There is a need to discuss that knowledge so much that it is going on, do you know?  What is written in chapter number 100 and what is its meaning and what is the meaning of that verse? Before having children you will have to get married and do it and the marriage will not be with a great soul because the great soul is neither you nor does it exist in the ordinary way.  you are Get an ordinary girl, have ordinary children, live an ordinary life, this is ordinary, just doing four ordinary things will become extraordinary, okay, the rest of the people who are going to do extraordinary work are not getting anything extra from them, and ask, what have you uprooted, nothing extra, brother 42  45 years old, he is a loser, his hair has gone, his stomach has also become fat, his body has become fat, now you are no longer worth anyone of the opposite sex.  The gown case is not going to come from you, even the gown case is not going to come, so what is left now, you would have ordered it first, what work did you do, marriage is the pleasure of the body, yes, it is important to take the pleasure of the body, you got the pleasure of getting married, after that what did you do with the children, you are done.  That's what animals do. Yes, animals have done all the work and after having two children, the wife should educate her two children, reduce the school fees a little, have children, brothers, nothing else great is going to happen in India.  The biggest thing is population and recognize it.  Because if there is population, then some work will be done and I am not saying to increase the population, I am saying to control the rate of population decline, and that will have to be woken up today and suddenly you cannot bring that missing thing in Haryana.  In 1990, girls will be missing, there will be feticide, then the girl who was not born in Haryana in 95, 96, 97, 98 because she was killed in the womb, that girl will only be available for marriage in 2024. No, it is not available now, then the boys are roaming here, some are roaming in Jharkhand, some are roaming there, some are not found and are moving there, then this pension has to be started for those who are not married in Haryana for 45 years.  Why don't you kill all the wombs, I am taking the name of one state, those incidents have happened in Delhi also, Delhi's sex is also very bad, Chandigarh's is also very bad, Western UP is very bad, Punjab is also bad, only Haryana.  there is no sin in this  Then go back now in 2010-11, our girls will be less and a little better now, things have started to get better, in 5 years the tantrums of the girls will also be fine because the ratio will be fine, it is not like that, here I do not just tell the boys. Get married, have children, live an ordinary life, there is no shame in living an ordinary life, how can all the extra ordinary people live? If everyone becomes extra ordinary then they will remain ordinary only.  It will become ordinary, don't you understand what I am saying? If everyone has a car and no one is on a scooter, then what is the value of a car? Then people will ask about SUVs. If everyone has an SUV, then there is a small fee and for those people.  There will also be some separate sessions if you take membership. You can also take membership of this channel. Thank you very much subscribers, please increase it among your friends. This is a social issue which cannot be discussed.  I am not doing it because it does not suit me, it does not increase the vote bank, it is fine, but still we are social observers, we have to raise these issues, what do you people want to say, write on the comment section on this, thank you very much.