Hello friends, we will review the fighter movie, we will do a little analysis, there will be some take aways, we will also get to know some extra information, I don't think it is like this, YouTube's is okay, it won't be a wow movie great and must go, so I can do it as pragmatically, in detail and objectively as I can.  Will do that much if we start with what's they got right normally which is not expected with movies what's they got right dev got the body language right  Very very body language is absolutely suiting all the actors. Everyone is suiting. Dev got the uniform right. Dev got the minor details right. They got the lingo also mostly. It is right. Specially, the actors who are there are the ones who are their stars.  They are still from the Air Force, but the senior people brought by these people are from the senior Air Force and by the way, they also seem to be real. What happens normally in that?  These actors are brought, don't they, they look so loosely shaped, some of the work seems to be a joker, if you use a joker type word, they look like this at all, it is not in this, Siddharth Anand or whatever casting director is there.  Judge Got It Right: All the senior officers who are above Anil Kapoor, like Anil Kapoor is playing CO, Group Captain, the officers above him look decent, that means their acting is also right. And the body language is also good so that is one thing which is good villain movie ka villain movie ka amrit ke ke aaye hai, by the way in the movie the name is A but Rishabh Karke is the new boy I think he should go to those places the acting is quite good according to me  Very good body language, acting, action etc. are very good and even from Pakistani side, the generals of ISI etc., they have made it absolutely true, they wear nails and they are actors.  I don't know which one they took, they could not have done so much research, I think they are the same but they are looking exactly the same, so this is that way, it is a matter of praise for the movie that everybody and the commandos also take these which are Garuda commandos.  His body language drill etc. looks absolutely sharp, absolutely looks good, what is normal, that young man was roaming around in the picture as if he had a big belly and by doing like this then no one can do that. Man, nowhere will you feel that this is some fake thing, that is, it looks like yes, it is all fine. I would call the animation effects far from these rebel movies and the action is now shown in close quarters as shown. It's like a plane is made like this so the frame looks different that this is different and this is different, they do n't look the same and the plane doesn't even take off, I think the take off scene could have been taken with real planes, that too using a VF.  do the ship  They look different while standing on the ground. They look different in the air. Everyone knows that yes, it is used on everyone. As if you are the same thing, it is inevitable. Comparison and real shooting with Top Gun was real. That calculation was real in the plane, but that.  This is a picture of 250 crores, Top Gun was 1300-1400 crores, so the difference of the budget which is 17 crores is visible on the screen and that was also expected, one thing is a little more to me.  It seemed strange that Hrithik's character was done by Shamsher Pathania. If you look carefully at Hrithik, quite a lot of old age is visible from here, from here in the eyes, old age is visible from here, only then he is looking like he is older.  Skan leader is not looking for normally what is the age of Skan leader 27 28 years old become 27 28 ok most like if I am I think  Mostly I Should Not Be Rang, he should have at least been made Vin Commander which is visible in his age and Anil Kapoor is very fit for a 66 year old but then again he also becomes a Group Captain at 38 39 but I  I don't think that after seeing Anil Kapoor, I no longer feel that the acting done by Anil Kapoor is very good and should be replaced by some other actor, although the handling was the same.  The Aircraft Model Left Something A Lot To Be Desired I Think He Could Have Taught Them In A Better Way The Story Is Too Much Like This No, Above Balakot That Is More Of An Events Put Together Okay Above Balakot It Is Absolutely  Lot of details they have got it right in terms of whether the flights were flown from Gwalior and what all happened and how so they have got it infact a  Touching scene, what I felt was CRPF Kanwai's group talking to their families on mobile etc. before the blast and then the blast happens, it was like a little bit touching, that's fine and you know in a newspaper, we are the ones.  When we read the news, something has happened and there is a lot of difference in the way it is shown in actual. In the newspaper, it is not so much that the public gets to know about it, but somewhere or the other.  Then somewhere that movie which was tight in the first half, the movie Let Me Tell You was tight in the end, that is, reasonable things were happening with it, after that after the interval, the director did something stupid and did something too much, those Indian Air Force guys are like this. Gone like Fidan type, one after another, one after another, meaning ego type infact, if someone looks carefully, I don't know how many ships, meaning I don't think any pilot has become Indian Air Force's ship, what he has made in acting.  It's okay if you don't know, these 500,500, such expensive 600 crore ships were sailing like this, they were sailing as if you know Pichkariya and doing that disco disco type thing on Holi or Diwali, so I felt a little like that.  And from his side he was holding only two, okay, one is the villain with red eyes and one is his pilot with red nose. Instead of pilot, instead of red nose, I think his name should be black eyes. I don't think anyone from Pakistan Air Force would fly in a plane with kajal on, the way he is showing I don't know what they wanted to mean show it as for what ever. Okay, that was too much to stereotype her, so I'm like, she's got so much mascara on, and then it gets a little bit ridiculous, that plane you're talking about, I don't know which one you magically  You have caught hold of the channel and are talking to each other saying, "Sir, we will leave, we will kill, we will take revenge." It becomes a little more funny at the end but it is okay, you can grant all these things in movies, you can show all the close combats.  In the class of aircraft like I and Su 30, they are firing guns at each other, that's fine, and they are firing missiles as if by means of means and flares, but on the heat seeking ones, normally radars have become active these days, but  Of course, if you hit the radar active one from a distance, then it will not be any fun in the movie, it is more correct and there is one thing in it by shafting, it is aluminum file type, you can call it very small pieces, even that will not be visible, flares are good to see.  Looks like but they are showing flares, it was looking very fake, I mean, VF is definitely more desired, it is the element of Air Force in which the training is shown. In between, like once she goes to the training academy, there too, I will address Deepika Padukone's character here, in Lady Carrots, it is also shown that if the girls want to do something, then I will tell here.  I would like the girls to become their own fighter pilots and right now training is going on in NDA too, then why would it be like to stop Deepika Padukone till the helicopter only?  Even girls became fighter pilots incidentally in Pakistan Air Force. If I am not the color most like, lady fighter pilots had become there before us too. So this barrier is done and dusted, now it is seen in the movies.  To show that something new is happening, my thoughts are not new, it has been many years now, so how many years have passed since independence, after 77 years of independence, girls are now  Celebrating that she is coming first, I think she has gone far beyond that. Indian Air Force has also gone far beyond that. As far as I have an idea of ​​the figures, I think there are 15 to 20 lady officers in our I think Air Force, which is a very good number.  After watching the movie, I think that there may be further increase in that number and it is a very good thing that girls are coming, incidentally there is a fighter controller, the girl who sits on the radar.  The surname also I think Agarwal Dev got it right so they have got a lot of things right in terms of minor detailing which was not so expected so it is good but in the end it becomes a little too far-fetched like the whole establishment of Pakistan in the movie. One Urwadi is controlling him, he gets a bit far-feasted, it's okay and he doesn't even die, I don't know if he is coming after eating nectar, he beats everyone. It's okay man, I'm not doing any major spoiler here and then at the end of The Way They Decide, the red nose guy's part about how he navigates the plane, that too was a bit funny, practice tickly, it's not possible, okay but then.  If he had not done so then the hero would not have been able to come down and engage in the fist fight, then that fantasy would have been too much of a fantasy. After the interval, the movie 'Other Wise' was going on tight and ended. I did not see much points in emotions and clapping, however, in Omus Mall, in which those directors cut that chair and it becomes like this, they are like us. In one hand, we have dal bhati churma in the other and we are clapping more.  No one was doing it, no one was doing it, because it was so full, I had seen the morning show, no, if you look at a normally full show, you would come to know that yes, how happy the audience is, it is not happening, but still like this.  Whistling movements did not come, such wow movements did not come, there was no such surprise element where surprise was visible, like if you compare with Top Gun, then when that ship comes to the end, a ship falls behind them and that.  The end is coming and finally then the plane flies away, then that guy comes, here an attempt has been made to create such a movement but it is already known, hence no spoiler.  That's exactly what I am trying to tell, an attempt has been made to do two-three such things, but then that is there, otherwise this director could not understand that he should go towards action. Jingo is not very much, in fact a character.  I liked it very much and you will see the scene of it, I will tell you about two or three characters, one character is of Emraan Hashmi, okay, he comes suddenly, he is also flying a plane, a big transport comes suddenly, he  Also, how did you like this suddenly come, so that role is good, Talat Aziz is playing the role of his father, it felt refreshing after seeing it, I think for the first time, I felt like this, there is complete emphasis in the casting, there is freshness in the casting, okay, then there is one in that.  He is an actor, I ca n't remember his name, now I will not tell whose agent he is, he is an agent, that is, an agent of a spy agency, he takes off some of his masks at the end, he looks very dangerous, that means his appearance is probably  He is seen only for 15-20 seconds but he seems to be completely into the role, which means I would give it to the casting person but he could not fit in that much, maybe these are such good fine actors, the acting is amazing, right, Deepika Padukone is totally her own.  In the uniform, she looks exactly like the one flying the flag, she is fine and it does n't seem like she is acting, she is completely confident, there is a body language, she has got that body.  The language is right, so that is good for the actors, but it is missing, still I am not able to give it too many stars, like they say, four stars out of five, five stars, three stars, so I do n't watch it anyway.  So should you go to watch a movie or not, I would say that you can postpone it, if there is some other important work in life then you can do it, you will not miss it too much and you can watch it somewhere later.  Yes, I mean, I don't go by giving a clear cut to him, but I mean, somewhere, you will not dislike it, I would like to tell two-three things here that in Indian movies, all the people kill their own people, they make martyrs martyrs.  We should learn something from Americans, Americans are so touchy, they do n't kill even in their movies, they don't kill much in real life, so accept it, forget killing, they do n't even let you go to the movies, so they force people to kill, isn't it?  To arouse emotion, you have to include a scene of a funeral where a brother is going there and his parents are old people. It would have been standard to include it and I have seen it in every movie. Now I feel that this should be avoided. Should means we can avoid it, meaning it is not necessary, it is also a fact of life, it also happens in life, but now I think about it so much because of the reason, I tell you brother, I feel like brother, people will not  Enjoy This Movie End Reason You are wrong to tell me which is right Main Reason When we go to the hall to watch a movie, the man wants to go to another world, it becomes dark, now he wants to hear some things like this, wants to see something which makes him  Refresh it or take it aside, now this much is happening in our real life, like Ram temple is fine, we are not speaking against anyone, but the environment has been created in such a way that it has come into our consciousness so much, it has come into everyday living. Already happened  Now go to the movie and turn feelingless, yes, according to me, it has been done now thanks to Akshay Kumar, I feel that it has been overdone, now this motion, as if it is now a flag. They are showing the flag outside the flag again and again from the helicopter. Hey, those helicopters are moving above them. The fans will enter into it. I mean, you cannot sit with the flag like this, the helicopter will suck it.  He will fall down, he is hanging like this, he is showing it like this, it means that some practicality could have also been shown, if the body language then it is very good, you people have seen that progress happens slowly, even movie people do it slowly.  Then overall I didn't enjoy it. Overall I didn't enjoy it because it's 24 hours, so WhatsApp is 2 hours long, I feel like I can't do it, then I'll do it, then it's like this, then yes, it will happen, then it's ok to suffer, and I suffer.  It will depend on the situation. How is one's opinion? Okay, but I feel that even in entertainment there is no entertainment. Many bomb blasts have happened, our forces have done a lot of good work and many late befitting replies have also been received.  Uri was made okay, it was a lot of fun at that time. Okay, now it is not the same fun as Uri was made at that time, whereas there is more action and money involved in it than Uri. Uri had a lower budget because it had a lower budget.  There was not much expense and water because there were no ships in it. Okay, so there is more expense and water in it. It is at a higher level and at the end, there is that feeling from within. Now just like it was in Uri by doing House the Josh in it, so it has House the Josh in it. If you watch the movie then you will know that it is a similar joke, it is not a very special joke but on the same, he himself is making a joke. Okay, so some how means I did not pass the test, which is called no end  I will not elaborate on its region even beyond this, I feel that this genre is over done now, it will have to be given a break of 2-4 or 10 years, now India will move forward a little and do some different things, if you take a pause on this movie,  Now, as if they were showing me the station, the trees were looking big, the trees were big, it was not like it was Srinagar, it was as if a shooting had taken place somewhere in the North East, now that can look carefully  He can tell which station of North East is his and which station was that and if you do the trick then you will probably come to know that perhaps the shooting took place there too. Actually, it is fine, so it has been generated by a lot of AI.  The area is fine because those who have landed in Srinagar, there is an airport in Srinagar, it is the same airport, which is the same, it does not look like what they have shown, it is not like this, which is okay, I think, maybe from the security point of view. Even if it doesn't, it will have to be shown, but overall there is no wow in the movie, you can't dislike it because the effort has been put in, everyone is looking smart in the uniform, they have got it right, the emotions are also good and there is a lot of Jingoism in the first half.  Nothing happened, the first half was quite nice. I would say that if I felt that the first half could have been taken a little higher, like there was promise in the first half, if the second half was somehow better.  If we had taken it under the story line, it would have been a different matter, that on the Pakistani side, they have kept that boy who is getting all the work done, he is the same villain in all the scenes, he does not spare any money and secondly, he has another red nose.  Is that the person wearing kajal, his kajal looks like it will enter into the eyes, it is okay and the kajal is visible because here, if you apply a mask, then how much space is visible, if you apply it like this, then the eyes are visible. Lampblack  He is sitting wearing a mask, it is okay if he sweats a little, it is okay if it gets inside his eyes, okay, so that was a little comedy and then he has made us fight with the fighter pilots and mostly the people of India are more beaten up.  They were staying the same and all the ships were bursting and the way they were conducting in the last half, please send reinforcements, I was not able to understand what they were doing, they have to take one man and so many others in his wake.  How to make others do such things, it did n't seem like there was any control, meaning in this way, she seemed to be a little bit torn, you can't send a ship like this, a ship can't go like this, there was a little desire of mine from inside.  Look, Suko, I have shown that the real evolved ship was its fighter in shooting down the F16, which I would call a real fighter because one person sits in it, okay, many people get troubled by it, but no problem, okay.  If yes then they should have shown a clip of MiG 21 somewhere of 20 30 50 seconds because now we will not get to see it. After next year I think they will retire from the world, they have already retired everywhere. I think ours  From here too, next year my thoughts will go to 2025, so if once we had shown something for 40, 50, 60 seconds, then it would have created some memories of that ship forever for him too.  Farewell happens because that aircraft was evolved that aircraft was evolved in the actual which you know happened in F16 shooting and all that and that's it shows comedy to Pakistanis which I think is not a good thing, according to me it is fine Because you show anime like this, you can't show idiots like this, ok according to me, their general does those things right, he is speaking in Punjabi, hey hey  What have you done, people do it like this, I will not spoil it, I found the best scene of him speaking and then he comes to listen, there is one scene in it but that one is completely Punjabi.  He gets it right. He gets the accent right. He gets it again, the body language, the attitude and face. I am saying that no one should give him any other award for this. Whatever Filmfare Award he gets, National Award too.  Must have been given for casting. Yes, where did you get all those people from where they are traitors? Well, that one, in the end, I told you that the spy who turns out to be a very good person, I do n't know, if I am not Rang Narayanan then No, who was a good actor before, if I am not my color, I have not checked further, it is okay to see him, he looks like this, he looks right, I felt it very right, he felt very right, his general of ISI seemed right.  villain  I also liked the role of And Apne Ya Apne Hrithik Roshan's acting, you can't fault Hrithik Roshan in anything, what ever was expected of him and expected of him, judge did it this thing very nicely, that after credit song also comes which is also That money means a little bit of recovery, if someone has a little bit, then it will be from him, it is okay, so it is a watchable movie, giving it a lot of time, taking out time for winter, so whatever I want.  I have subscribers and I do it with great responsibility. People say, 'Hey, you have seen everything and then come to us. Hey, I am seeing it for you all. Then why do you spend your time? You refuse us. Hey, I am.'  I earn money even by doing this, so I am I, my tummy is mine, my tummy is mine and the road is also fine, whatever happens in between, don't get it, why are you looking at us, then there will be no loss, I know this much.  Because if it is absolutely good  Like I told people to go and see in Samam Mainak Hall and people who came after seeing thanked me a lot, so my reviews are going very well, the ending of the movies is quite balanced, a lot of detailing is going on in the movie, I feel.  That we should take a pause for a few days and not remove the atmosphere that I was trying to create, which I also thought would probably happen, it would not happen, there would be something political about it, that too, I will make a video for you.  Would you like that we stand on 25th January now one Apna Ram Mandir 22nd January, that event has already happened, 25th January has already happened, so what is the fuss, is it as much as you were thinking or will another picture come on 14th February?  Or will someone else come and the atmosphere will continue to be like this, so I feel that this is the last election. Well, I will tell you later, otherwise it will be like an election, we will leave the review for now, it will not be like that.  Pai Na was not able to go towards movies, he too has got some realization, he has got feedback, people like us must have given, at least someone must have given that friend, keep this thing to a minimum because the taste of the public is changing a little, so give it. Corrected it that way, you won't get the over-gist, you won't get much of the jingo stick that it seemed from the trailer, you won't get the same as it seemed from the trailer, but Despina is saying that man, now it will be coming, aap har  The rest of the place is outside the hall as well as inside the hall. Now people want to go there in the fantasy world. May Be That and the South Indian movies are doing well because they have nothing to do with real life and people just want to.  You know go and enjoy that only I feel like this. How do you guys feel? Let us know by sharing the review, liking, subscribing to the channel and if you want those videos, you can read Current Political in two.  I felt that a lot of efforts were being made for the event but how much benefit was not achieved. What is the current status. Beyond that, I will make it very well. Thank you very much.