Hello friends, today a country de Fox needs you to shift from this, I will tell you which drip is there and where Fox should shift, where it should be, I will also tell you that thing, politicians can never make it on social media, they can never come to this.  I don't want to discuss it further because there would be a lot of issues in doing so, but still I have brought it. If you people are into agri, then write in the comment area. There is too much focus on village dwellers and farmers. As long as there is Fox on them, the country will not be able to move forward Fox because because they are sitting with votes, the key to power is in their hands and today I am going to tell some truth tomorrow, people who live in villages will be pained to hear this.  Is it true that nothing ever happens in the power of everyone? No, we should never say anything in the power of everyone, all the politicians, all the businessmen, all the film stars, all the middle class, all the government employees, this is not even there, but you have to see that in India there are so many people who When he is in the village, there is fun in the village.  If he doesn't come, then what is the reason that he lives so much, why doesn't he come among the lions, if his income is so much then many people are sitting on the property, his brothers in the village who were hard-working were trying to do something, he could see this de sense.  There is nothing to be extracted from farming, only half an acre has been reduced and they have been taken out, whether they go out to work as laborers, whether they are employed as lower class employees, whether they are employed in government, whether they are doing Sugi, Zomato, or they are doing anything, the hardworking people are there.  There is no salary, but there are many people who are left behind, especially those whose brothers were fired by the government and who went abroad. This is a relief from the story of occupying their land. It will be painful to hear, I know it is very controversial but this  One paan because these people are less in conflict management and all these issues, I am seeing this daily in consultation, it is a greed, they also know about living but now they have got water there also.  The saree of the government has gone, their facilities have come, it is a relief to squeeze everything and everywhere else they get pampering, they get the same heart from politics, they also get the feeling of brotherhood, they keep it as their own that yes brother, this is a village.  This is village Guhan, many people are living in this kind of feeling and Sir Fox, productivity is above them, some of them have nothing in GDP, if you look at agriculture.  Even 10-15% does not contribute to the entire GDP and 60, 70, 80% of the people are bribed. In this, you tell me about his condition, someone's condition is bad and the person is running by giving his hand, he is giving his mind and hunger is not there.  If it is going towards suicide, then brother, before that, something else can be done because of this, what is there in store, suicide is happening everywhere in all the stables. Has anyone ever asked that in the last year? How many farmers are ahead in committing suicide, how many A percentage, how many film stars, how many TV stars are there and how many N percentage are ahead of them, how many government employees and their percentage, and within the quota, these children are doing it, which is more masala serious.  Is it for India or will farmers continue to be farmers because it is vote bank politics? That Jawan picture also because it has become such a super hit, so where people belong to, they have become farmers, there they have made Punjab into Haryana.  which we  So I have n't seen or heard anyone here, are all the farmers the same, do they all have the same condition or not? So this is something that needs you to be called, they just say, rich farmers and save income tax, no no, I am rich. He is not even talking, whatever he is, it is so much, someone sits on YouTube asking for Rs. 111500 crores, take it, take it, hey, you too do this, friend, you also become a farmer, then this is so much.  Yes, you have to live on tax, take the land, you also take income tax, 1000-1500 crores, the bank which came on the last date is not there, there is no salt, this is not an issue of Richmer, this note is de issue, issue is of de pur harmer who  This is how someone has become a rich farmer and has earned Rs. 1500 crores. What a child, what has he done, has done this, has done this, this issue has gone to the note, this is always what is made an issue by the politicians.  He has become a farmer, he has become a farmer, he has made Rs 1500, therefore, it is not the farmer's, it is the poor pharma who is selling pesticides, who is opening bottles of medicine, who is speaking poison, that poor, that poor, he is also a scoundrel and before this he trolled me.  Do this to me, you say something like this, I am also a farmer, what is a farmer, the one who has connection with banana village, farming is big, now those who go and grow crops every day, even these farmers are not doing it, these laborers also come from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.  From  Okay, so according to him, I am also a farmer. If I go for five days, I also work in the fields. Now it is not necessary for me to give that photograph. I am telling you, so you understand that I am also a farmer and I am telling you this thing.  Earlier it used to be like this, brother, this wheat belongs to the family, do not put it in this field, when that also ended, then to what level has the poison penetrated into the farmer, first people and good enough, intelligent enough.  that he can do it in the fields that belong to him.  We used to think that we will do it in others, now not even that, now we will poison ourselves, we will poison the world and there will always be crying everywhere, hey, you don't know how much life is left, I know how tough it is and if so much.  If it is tough, then why are you doing it for us? No, they are doing it for us. No one does anything for anyone. No one does anything for anyone. He has only one choice. His mother is taking care of him. They are keeping him in a system. He is in his house and the one behind the house.  It was a cousin, he left it and went away, that 200 rupees would be his property because no one is coming to the village to claim it, I do n't have any idea about the physical property of the one who is in possession of it, he started asking for a buffalo, then he Started keeping the tractor, then it will belong to him and then he will say brother, this is mine, if it does n't happen like this then he should have come, then brother, you will come again and again, take the selling night, don't do it like this and then he can't do anything, whatever people do.  Come  We live in Haryana and you must know what Jitwara is and the land belonging to someone else, his land below so and so, this one, that one, you do n't even know what are the land holdings, a little here, a little there, a little there, the one who went to the city and the one who went to the village.  All the people will stay in the real world, I will stay in the village, brother, I am coming to us, yes, I have left this region and they are not getting any benefit from it, no tycoon is being made by staying in the village, but that is useless.  Greed is useless, lethargy is useless, laziness is useless and there is no passion. These are the people who get irritated with the city dwellers. The villagers and people like me will also say, 'Brother, I was sitting in a circle and talking in Gurgaon. Leader, big generation is at fault, not one but two.'  No, you are a rich place, the whole of India was a village, my generation too was a village, the next generation is a village, it is a mistake, they struggle like this, then slowly In the year 20-3050, the human story is set in the city, it is not so easy but these people do not have the passion, Armatization, Haj is happening and urban is pure, but Fox should go and it is lower class, urban is lower middle class, then let's go middle. They don't even ask about class number, they come from lower class, they live in unhygienic conditions, they do n't have any, everyone is pampered, everyone goes to the village and there is a truth about the village too.  And let me tell you, take the example of Mumbai, take the example of Delhi, the population of a big city is not the same from Assembly seats and Lok Sabha seats as it was earlier in the villages. But still in their delimitation exercise manner, brother, if our country is 144 crore and we have 50043 543 seats, then it will be according to some logic, is n't it?  This area of ​​geography will also be seen. Now the villages of the people are becoming empty but their Chaudhar and vote bank is full because the person who picked up and went 500-1000 km from there is not coming to vote, hence he was not asked.  Now they are roaming around in Gurgaon, I don't know, many people from Bengal side and other side and from Bihar side, now perhaps they do not go to vote and if they go then they do not vote here, so it has not been asked here.  to the country  He is keeping all the votes from here, then go and ask him. If he asks, then he will go to Bihar and Bengal and if he is giving then will he do anything about it, will he sit here and there, his villagers will have papad, there will be papad for the villagers.  Aarti is being performed. Who is doing it in Bihar and Bengal? Who has shown the courage to give up the courage and come and struggle to reach the story of life and he enters into the tax paying circle, in the village no one pays even ₹ 1 tax.  If as in the city  You struggle, start from 20-30 thousand, start from 40 50 60 70 80 thousand, if your salary wants to increase or your business gets less, then you and pink tax are given by the government, you are the one who needs you to be focused on debt by the politicians and this.  These are my subscribers who are educated, I belong to the intellectual era, this is what we have to talk about, we have to speak further, no, this is not the village.  Note something that they have, you are a fox, you are a field candidate. If this many generations have not yet come out and everyone will come out, then who will cook? Who cooks in America? America has only 4% population. There are 35 crore people in America too. 60% of the population is engaged in cooking their food, 21 crores are engaged in cooking their food, do you really think that if half an acre is bought by a ticket, then that is disease employment.  One acre, two men retire and there are 6 people hanging on it and everyone works less by two hours, then the tax people are disguised as employees, they think we are working less but it is not required and it is this that you should be called doubt.  And in North India, I am telling you what I can see. In North India, no one's child has been taken out by a farmer, everyone has taken a mobile phone, no one is doing anything, everybody is roaming.  On mobile in hand, the one who will come to the city, still has 20-30 work in the village, otherwise he has no chaman, otherwise there will be people in the village, you will not move out, then who will do the farming? You go, their agent, do some nonsense, go to Gujarat and see that all this is going well there, no land has to be sold to anyone, this much is so much in between, you have maintained that division of 25% land.  Caste should end, do yours, do yours, friend, you are their agent, you can say whatever you want, you will be someone's agent, I am an agent of logic and an agent of progress, this is my claim, you have to make someone whose agent you want to make, they will make it.  Stay, she doesn't have anyone else, okay, she will continue to be a public, you have to see that people in the village are lethargic, lazy, oh no, no one wakes up in the morning, I do n't know the story of 50 years ago, a Sunni woman used to pick up, open the vagina, she was a caste.  You used to take Barota, now go and do the latest one, tell me, no, will you still have it? Yes, Maa Lia, this is yours, this is that in Vidarbha region, there are 6 lakh villages, Chhaila village, all the places in India mean this much, go and see lazy punks lying in the cot and smoking hookah.  Yes brother, it's done, this time brother started doing his party from morning to evening, again that is against the pension, pension above 60 years is ₹ 6000, don't know if we will give so much six, we will give five, yes, that same man pension.  If pension is received then it is okay to die then it is cancelled, live till 99, they will keep giving pension, they will keep reducing donkeys in the city, villagers and someone else will come and say something, don't say anything to the farmer, brother farmer, all farmers, anyone, buy one acre of land, buy it 10 15  Lakh rupees ₹ 5 lakh 8 lakh boxes are lying at many places, you also become a farmer, there is a power in qualification [music] GDP is a big power, upside down, when it is written further, first less was written, then bigger was given.  That everyone should get old age pension soon, that old age pension, old age pension and on top of this all this vote bank politics is going on, this one should give old age pension, this one should give it, she should give it because they would have got all the ticks otherwise they would not have come to the city.  It has become your family identity card, it has become this card, it cannot be because this is your income, you run away from saree subsidy, you mostly come to the city, you will get saree in village, you will get it in life long, stay there.  The government will also keep giving, this will also keep looking, they will also keep giving and keep roaming and then remain poor and take Aadhaar hospitality too, Aadhaar people too, we are farmers, the support of farmers is getting so bad like this, hey brother, I will tell you if  Are you in any profession? Big business is happening with you in corporate. Bill you bill you tree you do something. Politician has to get votes and he is easy to get votes from lazy people. Easy is a hard working man.  You will have to impress someone by doing something to make them understand what is happening in the village. Throw money for just one minute and do this 22 times till the last and this is a lot of politics. Those who gap the whole day and do a card fighting, everyone goes to Mukkad 10-10.  Ladies will still be seen doing less. You have such a big situation and North India has a very big situation. Okay, we will discuss the South separately sometime. Let us know about the idea there too, but right now I am very North Indian in the audience. Ladies, you will still be seen doing less during the day. I have left the man's world and one half of the peon is gone, the teacher is gone, the master is gone, he is managing bananas even yesterday and is also a husband in a government job and wants all the system.  He wants to set up the system from here also. He has set up the job, he has set up the exchange, he has set up in the village too, he has given bread to the buffalo, given it empty milk, then sent him back and everything is in order.  taking it and her on  And sympathy is also coming and resources are available to him, he is getting everything, there is a government job in his family, there is Buddha pension in the family, this pension is also there in the family, this facility is dispensed and he is not left short and there is relief nearby that he is spreading.  He was from Geetwade, he can do a little bit, he can make it a wall, he has made Mahesh's band free, he has also kept constipation, this is a miserable life and this is the biggest reason for India's progress not happening here. And only a particular level of people who consolidate their holdings and do good agriculture, do not do lazy agriculture, will raise songs where water does not come and then export, then this India is exporting water, this someone asked this rice in Punjab Haryana  Where do they grow? Why do they grow? Brother, this is a rice-eating belt. Do you keep adding so much water to the rice? You don't even make anything else because you are lazy. You are like Israel.  Why didn't the fruits and vegetables and flowers and all these things come because I feel stressed as to who should do, who will be there, who will go, who will stand here, do this brother, do this, do that, you used to be rich 200 years ago, there will be controversy, in the same way everything will seem less.  We are doing it because we don't want to reduce others, there is no greatness in it, someone should tell this to the electrician, the electricity goes out, even to the mill poisoner, you can tell everyone the data, instead of the groceries, the brother comes and the one who does the sewerage.  The network runs among the lions and among the lions there are so many struggles. Among the lions, there is the struggle of the everyday man. The struggle of the village seems to be bigger. You see, I am less, all these people go here and here see what is happening in the city.  The lower class of the city needs the support of the government and Fox is not there because there is no vote, it is just a simple thing and hence they do not feel that those resources are theirs, then if the government supports them there then it will go up because the life  Whenever I do too much of one thing, it will always be bad. From this side to that side, a different video will be made. Son, if you do everything here, then it is a different stream and that is a different example and you will enjoy that too if you  If you want, please share and like these videos. Thank you.