Hello friends, you already know the Sandeep Maheshwari Vivek Bindra controversy, but where it is the real scam, we will analyze it, there will be a little higher order video, you guys will watch it and tell me whether it was fun or not, there was some understanding and this is the one in which I will raise the issue.  You also please spread it a little, I will not say much on Sandeep Maheshwari Vivek Vindra, I will try to quickly go to the real scam which according to me is the real scam and it  No one is asking, Sandeep Maheshwari accused Vivek Bindra directly, then indirectly, in the beginning, then directly, if he sends any course etc., then I am not coming here to defend Vivek Bindra much, but I am coming to tell you that you both should see this.  There are 5 crore plus uter subscribers among them, 5 crore which form a big part of the youth. Secondly, it is the motivation gurus who are fighting and spreading negativity.  Specially, if seen in this case, Sandeep Maheshwari himself says in his motivation lecture that one should not go on negativity, do your work, move ahead, do like this, do like that and now you can see the difference between words and actions, that is one. Why don't you stand, this is Vivek Bindra, you are silently doing your work, you support Vivek Bindra, you are sold, first you have to watch the whole video, Vivek Bindra has bought you, this is not a Good thing without knowing Vivek Bindra Networth and My Networth Worth He has bought me Who can buy whom Who is checking whose balance sheet Everyone is checking Okay so first before accusing because it happens This is why I said that this channel is for everyone  This is not the mistake Vivek Bindra made, that course is not for everyone, it is not told, it cannot be good for many poor people if they are given something which they do not understand.  It can increase if Stanford offers Harvard courses and gives huge fees to those who pass the entrance exam there and when they become a person, if they give it to someone for Rs 15,000, I am not at all saying here that the standard of their courses is anywhere near that.  I am not saying that as an example, if they also give it or I take the example of India, I will go to IM Ahmedabad for two years and after going there for two years, I will do whatever.  If I condense the knowledge gained somewhere and give it to someone for Rs 15000, then he will not understand it, it will not be of any benefit to his life, but all these institutes test you that if a person of this caliber comes, then only he will be given this knowledge.  He will understand this and he will also pay such a huge fee for this, the quality of the course of Vivek Bindra ji is not being talked about, there is a lamentation that no one could earn money from that course and the way those videos are shown.  It is as if the rickshaw puller has sold people, it is a woman saying that I have given the jewelery and have come, looking at that very thing they are feeling that someone will say that they are classist, they are racist, I don't know what English terms will come but brother that is the same.  Big needs to tell friend, who has given this to them, brother, where will this benefit come from? Madam, it seems as if it is not going to be of any benefit to you, that course was not for you, but whatever happened to you, is it like that of the people below?  It spread in the eco system, no one opened the course, did not read it, started sending it to each other, no one was to benefit, so miss selling is definitely wrong target audience and the second biggest mistake that Vivek Bindra did and which anyone ever did.  You should not return the money. There should be no point in returning the money. The moment reason joins you with the intention that the money will be returned. Then that brother will accept the money and will accept it only after taking the money. This is the refund policy.  There should not be any risk, it should be straightforward, you don't know what it is, you do n't know what will happen, so from this I come to know that where is the real scam, you will know there because no one opens the mouth there and be like them and who is that.  Indian Education System, Schools and Colleges, why is this situation so bad that people said this 10 day MBA, 10 day MBA, that 10 day MBA is not possible, then by doing my business associate, he said, this is your business.  If it is not a Master of Business Administration, then it is my Business Associate, so he is doing something smartly, but it is also a requirement for people like Vivek Bindra, there is a requirement for those people who have 93, 94, 96 percentile in IM. Those whose 99 pages did not yield anything, but this is definitely not for those who do not know what this terminology is.  And IQ is analytical skills, math skills are, communication skills are comprehension, these are the basic things which are tested like whenever you give any MBA exam or CAT exam, your [ __ ] is tested.  Your English is tested, your Maths is tested and then you get a rank from it and then you are selected. Just use the word to a poor person while walking on a random road.  I will tell those who do not have money, take this course, do this, then you have made Multilevel Marketing a chit fund scam. I think the best thing is that take this course, take that, the way the system is.  So there has been a lot of loss here and no one questions the education system as to why the condition of the children is so bad because what is there in education, why are there schools left, no one is getting a job after studying them, nor are they getting a college.  But why can't parents go to school and college and do higher education because first they do your admission in such big cities so that our child gets higher admission, then you will pay the fees, then they will give you homework, get you tested, declare you worthless. Your marks will be less and you will not be able to say anything to them and you will have to pay fees every time and as soon as you open your mouth they will say that your child is worthless, you are worthless, you have no brain, say make a competition, every school can do less.  And from the fact that one of our children also passed out from IIT after completing 12th A B C D E F he becomes the poster boy of some school. Now if someone from all the schools there says to us, the children say return our money, ours has not gone to the IAS people.  Also, they never claim that everyone will become IS and we will give refunds. Somewhere if you say this business of refund, everyone will be ruined. What happened because of this, that a good knowledge could have been given at a cheap price and it could have benefited some people.  which and  We deserve in life, the ultimate good in life will be of the one who deserves it, not of the one who has taken this empty thing like a pill of Vitamin B12 and D, that it will definitely increase, that now I have taken this course.  Took the course, don't watch it after opening it. What to do after opening the course? Hey brother, now I am telling you a simple thing. I have just watched three-four episodes of Vivek Bindra's 10 Day MBA. I liked it very much. It is free.  That Sandeep Maheshwari, apart from crying, write down what is RR, except doing RR, he doesn't do anything, all those subscribers and we are with him, we are against him, he is against, at least learn the same.  Vivek Bindra's fire against Holi, his wife 's Holia, Holia is still standing, next is everything against him, Ali is still standing and is coming again and again  So at least see who has more positivity. Again I am not defending Vivek Bandra. There were 100 holes in his business model. The next one should cover it. The next one will do it. Will not do it. The guy has fallen down but after falling down he is getting up again and that.  Sandeep Maheshwari is getting the same reason for teasing, no video has been posted for 1012 days, not even two lakh views of Sandeep Maheshwari come above 3 lakh.  Other than that, Vivek Bindra's standard of controversial videos is 15 lakh 16 lakh. Whatever videos he is posting, these MBA people are teaching him, the views of the one and a half and one and a half and two hour videos are 5 10 15. Minutes of videos are not available and the scam is actually neither his nor hers because I am not ready to accept this. Brothers and sisters, India is our country where we even buy tomatoes after seeing them like this.  Are you not rotten? Are you not bad? You are taking a course worth Rs 50,000 here, no such fool, he is taking it out of greed, he is taking you out of greed, let's accept the fault of the one who gave it to you, give some percentage but you are in this grade.  If you come, it cannot be the fault of the next one. You were given a miss sale, which is called no, you were not fooled, you were a fool, your stupidity is being taken advantage of. In the tenth line, I am saying that I am following Vivek Bindra's business model and what is the problem below it, when you want to expand quickly, do not want to grow organically, you are repeatedly saying that my content is good, I am happy.  Young says, 'This is good, that is good, I have brought this star, I have brought this star, that the billionaire likes, that is fine, I have accepted it, but the actions of the employees under you. Any normal person would ask if someone has an IQ of just two paisa, there are 200-300 employees below him, they sell these courses, they audit, they edit, they animate, they do all this, why not just attend this course and earn 20 lakhs?  Why are you taking ₹ 40000 for Hajj job? No one would have thought this or asked or no one had the brain to do this. Basically, accept that I am selling my course.  Below are the employees, what is their salary, it is in this range of 15000, 200, 250, 30, 40 and I am saying that these magic pots that they are holding are my employees because they do not have access to the back end of all the content. And he handles all the things and creates half of the content, whitewashes it, shows animations, presentations and songs in it.  Gune, whatever music background, whatever effects, etc., all of them have got access to that content. This brother, why doesn't he make these 200, he is selling this course, then it should be understood that it is definitely beneficial but he is not such a magician.  If I were a magician then that magic would happen to those who are selling it. If I am selling something that will make you steely then I am selling it to my employees. All my employees should look strong, right? First of all, see for yourself what kind of body they have and what they are selling, they are keeping all the Sakhu wrestlers and we are selling the goods, which means you don't know what it will make, then look scam scam.  Before doing this, you should apply your brain and wisdom a little bit. Education system is the biggest scam and we just can't call it out. Your government also can't do anything. They say, read this.  Given and actually the fact is the access to that education should not be available to everybody since it is available it has to be made available to everybody, its quality goes down. If the quality goes down then that degree is written on which paper of yours.  It is not worth it, it is so much student loan, students study by taking loan, higher education in America is so expensive because they say brother, all this  Not everyone is worthy, there is no need for so many people with higher education, not all of you are worthy that if all of you come here to Stanford in the Ivy League, then you will have to pay the fees, no more than the brother who will give the money or pass the test or take the scholarship.  That is because the one who has money has the default intelligence, people are killed by saying that all these things are good, political correctness that only the rich are intelligent, the child of the poor will never become anything, this is political.  Correctness is achieved, a poor child will pass the exam where the government has to take it, something has to be done and if he can pass the exam here then he will go here too, I am left and will pass somewhere else, but a poor child who cannot clear any exam is a us.  They catch the child of a poor person, they catch him that no one can take any exam and the child of a rich person, he does not need to take any exam, Mukesh Ambani ji's children do not go competitive, right? They go anywhere to give exams, in big schools, in big colleges, they have more exposure, so by default, they will be more intelligent than this poor child, by default, only on this matter, because he is the child of a rich person, only on this matter, what about the child of the poor?  A child may be more intelligent than a rich child, it may be off course, but we are taking such a case that 99.9 percent of the children of the poor are not taking any exam, because even those who are not able to take the exam.  The ratio is, you know that 99 plus percentage will fail and less will pass. If we consider all the poor then even the poor are not getting 99, so what is the problem in speaking, understanding and saying this thing, brother.  Someone starts teaching you some very strong English and your basic English is not good, you don't know anything basic and someone sells you a course, someone starts selling you future options courses.  You start using so many difficult terms inside stock market trading and you don't know what is Sher, what is face value, what is book value, what is Pawa, what is your cash flow, how to see the statement, returns.  What is the difference between return on equity and return on capital employed? What is dividend yield and how are balance sheets viewed? If you don't know why, then jump straight in and say, brother, this telegram is here.  There is definitely a seller but brother, you don't understand that when you do n't know how to ride a bicycle and the next person is saying that you can ride a bicycle while standing on the bicycle seat, then you are not able to understand that this is not possible for me.  So I don't know how to ride a bicycle. If I know how to ride a bicycle, I know it very well, then maybe I will ride it without leaving my hands. People ride bicycles even without their hands. Have you seen that hands do things like this and I don't know how a bicycle moves like this?  If you balance your mental condition then everything will be fine for everyone.  It is not necessary to ride with your hands left aside. Those who do not know how to ride a bicycle are special. The one who jumps and dives from the top in the swimming pool is a great artistry, but he must know swimming because even if you do not know swimming and diving from such a high place and you  You know that whenever I hit you, I will go far below the water level, so what confidence will you have, then there is a mistake in explaining this, quality content was sold and then it seemed that this IBC should make IBC and this is 500 thousand crores.  If it happens quickly then that thing was bound to happen and there is no limit to the fact that it was supposed to happen, now it has happened, let Sandeep Maheshwari ji dedicate his life to destroy Vivek Bindra ji. For the motivation of both of them, Guru Bhaiya, calm down, the court has said, now do not post each other's videos because you are worth five crores, the court is intelligent, the court knows that these five crore people will be made to cry.  They will confuse you and it is the job of the children to get confused because they are not that confused, then why are they going to take injections of motivation? Have they got the morning dose? Have they got the evening dose of motivation because the education system has failed them and  That is the real scam and no one has the courage to say or do this. Give our money, take it back from the college to which you gave 20 lakhs and yours 400.  If you don't get a job, take it because he will say, yes, my dear child has been placed, if there is any fault in your child, then start believing the same thing, many people are making a video like I am making a video like this or someone else like me.  There is a video on the channel which I make as a very knowledgeable type in my life, that Higher Order Thinking and many people enjoy it and many people also abuse in it, so that is the same video which has been said.  many people positively  It influences them, they get to learn something, they understand something, many do not, it is as simple as that, so the biggest mistake in this is to say that a consumable item will be refunded if I say eat pav bhaji.  If you do n't take the test, then return the money. Brother, this India is such a poor country and there is so much poverty in India and there are so many poor people and I don't want to use the word further. If not two or three, then that will happen. Brother of the controversy, he will definitely ask for the money back because he said that the business they are doing is crazy butch, he is saying pav baazi is not tasty, I will get the money back and then I will eat that nice vegetable biryani during lunch, he will also say money.  If it is good, then take the money, then I will eat three meals a day for Rs. I am in this, no one in India cares whether it was tasty or good, or less good, he enjoyed it or not. You said Lal Singh Chadda tell me if you don't like the movie then take the money back or take it from papa or donkey, whoever did n't enjoy it, brother, I didn't enjoy it, what kind of dinky dinky were you doing, take the ticket of Rs 400,500.  Lee, who gives the money, it is not returned yet, I did not enjoy it, there are things like consumer power which give you such things as if there is a warranty guarantee on the car, then the warranty guarantee runs there too, if any fault is found in the car, then the manufacturer.  He will say that I will change this thing and the car, no one changes the money, no one gives the money back and now people have to understand that the clauses will be like this, you have to take it, you don't have to take it, but it is very correct in this.  There are people who can't even go to MBA and are able to give presentation in the same way. One person is teaching some things for free and some is teaching for money, so many people have that much money to spend on that thing. May all children be poor today  Yes, you are a very poor child, you are roaming around with a phone worth Rs. 30 30 20 20 15 20 thousand, then if you go beyond that, do some education and spend some money and yes, there may be cheating in it, but cheating is not all cheating, there is learning and  There should be a review system where you put it, you say, this course did not help, then the next person will say, brother, did you do what was told in this course or did you not do it, someone comes and tells you that this  This is a diet of nutrition, it is of 1200 calories, you eat like this, I told you to take diet benefit from you, what diet did you follow, did you eat that 1200 calories, it is not that you also ate 1200 calories, after that you also ate shortbread.  And then you ate samosas and jalebi too, then diet will not work, how is that mechanism to check, schools are very strict there.  People go to school, come to school, give your marks and say, you are already at 60, at 80, at 70, at least you are less, so if all these things are being made to fail, then the Indian education system is failing because Indian education.  How the system is failing Not that the Indian education system may not be good but it cannot be without money unless you say that every body should get an access to higher education that  The person has to deserve you just can't go to higher education institution because you want to go No I have to go my child has to go brother no this is your child should deserve this education because so many people do not need the country you are here  But you will waste 27 years and half the people in power also know that the jobs are not as good as they want and those who are there are not going to do it. Please keep it so that you keep studying till 25, 26, 27 and then keep preparing for the competition and you become yours at the age of 35 and that's it, that time will pass by and by so that there is no noise left about jobs because jobs are governed by the marriage market. The Shaadi Market Governs The Job System If you want a video on this I will make a video But The Real Scam Is The Indian Education System And We Need To Call It Out For Not  Being good is one thing. What kind of education is being given where school fees are so high and college fees are high? Many colleges are like this, which means the faculty and teachers are on the verge of closure. They are not worth anything because they don't have a salary. Now there are only good universities which are in Sonipat etc. They bring foreigners from outside. Their fees is Rs 303 40 50 lakh because the quality will come at a level. If you make the price cheaper, then he will teach the same tea for train, train will not speak, assume in pronunciation, then he will speak with pronunciation, okay, this is how you will get brother, okay, and by studying a lot like this, you are not reaching anywhere because you are saying that I have studied so much, why am I not getting so much money, no, that is what I deserve, you have spent so much, you are worthy of this, and in between, dream makers come, then these dreamers are like IAS people, now they are coaching.  Do  If yes, then they do not claim too much, they know that brother, yes, whoever gets it, they show two-four-five photos of it, but others say, come, this is the syllabus, we will teach you, the tuition person is also like this where you claim.  Have you done this business? You swore that you will become an entrepreneur. Brother, promises cannot be fulfilled. It is a big thing that a man can guarantee his child. Secondly, from where will he get the guarantee of the child that he will see it, open it, read it, internalize it and so on? Now you have taught him Canva, you have taught him thumbnails, you have taught him video editing, he has taught you this, he has taught this to a child, he has taught a child of this ecosystem, he does not have access to those types of clients.  He doesn't get along well with those kind of people and after doing a few classes, he thinks, this course is of no use, I sell it to him, then he starts selling the course and sells it again to someone.  If it is not needed then your courses are bought by 70800 Hajj people who will not get any benefit from it because there is no such ecosystem in it. Now if you have acquired the knowledge of big marketing from the bicycle repair man, then he will not be able to do that.  It is in a small town, it has a small ecosystem, he should have that much understanding and he is smart enough to come up with ideas, be it 12 videos or 15 videos or 20 hours.  Even a 15 minute talk can be found in the content like this, it can actually change your life but that is for the people who are not very intelligent, but are a little intelligent, now they are not even a little intelligent and are roaming around, so how will their course benefit?  Now, if the seller of that thing tells it so openly, it will not be beneficial, then of course his courses will be sold less. Now like I am on this channel, you put it as arrogant, put it as cute, put it as practical.  I myself say that this channel is for people who have money, who have time to sit comfortably and chat, who are not in a hurry to go anywhere and who have a little more patience level and who understand things on a higher order. What is being taught is correct and those whose level is one level above in both money and intelligence, I don't even listen to you as soon as you say this, I think many people who are not at that level will run away, however, those who are not at that level will run away.  which i  I define it but if they are understanding my words then they will also feel good that yes man, he is saying the right thing, there is a difference of level and we will also reach that level, we will also become like that person, a little.  There is no touch, I told someone, I called a fat person, I said, Hey, you are fat, there is no need to be touchy, become thin, someone is feeling poor, someone is feeling poor, someone should try to become rich, someone should say. I am a little less intelligent Try to be intelligent, why is it being said everywhere that we are good as we are, brother, you should be happy with who you are, clapping will not be forced, this is the biggest problem of happiness in India that they are saying.  Brother, we will remain like this and say that we are very great and this means praising, body shaming, classes are racist too much, doing that, doing that, discriminating is not a good thing but it is on a moral standing.  So this is what I am saying, I am not saying that what should be done but what should happen and what is happening, I will have to accept, if you are fat then you will not get clothes so easily, you will have to sit tightly in the seat of the plane, you people  You can pass comment. You have to understand this. You cannot say that I will eat and am enjoying and my relationships will also be good and if I do something like this then people have to understand that all things are not for all people.  If you have then please share this video, like and comment, thank you very much.