Hello friends, today's topic is why you should not marry a government employee in a transferable job. Many people are adjusting the marriage market. It is okay but it is an opinion and I am telling this only to women. There are two things in this. I have caught a government diploma, if it is not transferable, then there are some government posts like this, which are less but where there is no transfer, then do it and if you live in a big city.  So do it, don't do it the other way but today there is a lot of demand for government servants in the job market. My point is that it is not the job market but the marriage market. There is a lot of demand in the marriage market. I am a marital counselor. I know that actually it is a negative thing and this. In the marriage market, we will have to do government job, only then this ghost of government job in our youth will come down because it is like an animal, man.  The female selects whom and the male wants to be like that, the whole world goes but this is stopping the progress of our country, GDP growth is stopping, time is being wasted, the youth of the youth are going to give this paper, that's why my me.  From within I feel that I will have to attack the marriage market, so today I am addressing the women, today I am addressing the girls that if your son-in-law is transferable in a government job, then you Why don't you want to marry your daughter? There are three reasons why marriage is taking place in a government job. The reason is that the job is secure. The second thing that is happening is that the mother-in-law will be away, perhaps she may not be well nearby.  Do you live far away, right? Two, these are two, these are the two main reasons. Third, you get an assured status because if it is not you, then you don't know about others. Now, like in a government job, if you get married, then you are a Group P officer.  is b is c is d is well  If it is defined, then you actually know where you are going. This happens because of three reasons. You will not catch these reasons and the biggest reason for not doing it is that after one stage in transferable, so much frustration comes, the lady's married life starts becoming different.  And the same husband whom you were thinking that I will stay away from your mother-in-law, makes you sit with your own mother-in-law permanently and says that brother, I am going to a small place, so stay here for separation.  This happens a lot and if there is no separation then the education of the children would have progressed and the woman who could have done a job herself could have gone ahead in her life. Today, all women have to do a job, they all want to do it, everyone has their own aspirations, they don't.  Keep roaming around till you are fulfilled. Opportunity cost goes a lot in small places. Future of children is actually getting spoiled and no mother would want separation as a result after one stage.  Only way out do you want to live a married life where you don't live together, where you are living separately for years, many people will get hurt which is there but it is okay, those whose love is there now, they will not be left either.  There is no need to go through that trouble, I am dissuading those who want to go here, not everyone will be there if I do it, that is also a different thing, but as many as will be there, I am for that audience, so no matter how much is my own.  You have daughters, tell them you are a person who has stability of a place yes job can be up or down house groom if your set is somewhere big city there is an ecosystem set that she is a lecturer in this private college your daughter is a lecturer she is tuition  Teaches, does, is a better prospect than a group, an officer, nothing is washed, nothing is left, what I want to tell, I keep using this Haryanvi  Thing also because of North Indian audience is connected more there is nothing the government servant is able to save because rolling stone gates no gathers no mass no network is formed nor its system is formed nothing from here and from there to all the government servants from here Today I can tell you the salary after one year, there will be an increment of 3%, the slab is suitable for all of you, whether this is on this grade, this is how it is, these are the others.  And we know how much DA is today and how much it increases according to what. There is no excitement in your life and those who are thinking of getting married today will remain married for the next 40-50 years, there will be life and there will also be a job in it. 30-  35-40 years brother, nothing to taste, I am telling you, you will feel very behind, you will feel yourself as a couple, if even today you marry a person with a job of Rs. 0000 and you yourself are 30 years old.  35 is 40 and 80 and your city is fixed and you do not have to change the city, you have to grow and keep making your progress. You will do much better than getting married to a government group A. I caught hold of group A.  Because Group B is below Group A, C is below that, don't do it brother, don't marry them, don't marry them, I am telling men also about stability of job, my women who are in your government job are very transferable.  It can happen anywhere, so don't do it. You will keep adjusting all your life. It is not worth it. Married life and life itself will not survive. You will keep crying. You will keep adjusting. Don't do it even with such a woman. If  If there is a woman, then don't even talk to the woman because she will have a job. 30 50 60 70 800 A man of Haj does not roam with a lady, he has his own business, so he  This is also wrong but it is permanent, then it is a different thing that the place is fixed or the school is here, you have to go here, it is nearby here, then it is okay to make adjustments, otherwise, there is so much unhappiness in the lives of so many people, because I am also doing a happiness course.  I have completed the research and tell people that this is a big reason for unhappiness. Not being able to live together makes money look like status but brother, nothing is left because ultimately how much you earn.  This is one aspect, how much you are able to save is also an important thing. If you keep moving from here to there to here to there to here to there to here then nothing happens then people come into it no no no corruption too.  It happens like this, brother, nothing is going to happen, the first thing is that it is not happening all over the place, no, it is not a good thing, it is okay and it is being tightened, and the good thing is that it is being tightened, and in the coming country, absolutely.  It will be tight, okay, so this too, do n't give these stupid reasons, it's okay for me, which I don't like as a, I mean, I don't want my audience to be such that those who talk like this, do wrong things, it's wrong, that's okay and  That thing is also ending and there is no pride in it anyway and what is the main reason in it is separation, no matter how much money they earn, earn in the opposite way, they are not living together, they go to small districts and live there.  If you go to that department, go to that city, go to that state, then you are not going to live there. If you are not from a different country, then what is the taste in your life? As a lady, yours is yours as a daughter, she will keep struggling, if you keep raising children or  Will you keep helping her or will she keep troubling you? Come, Papa, come, Mummy, come here, these are gone, they are gone, all these troubles will remain, brother, don't do it, tell me, tell me this video in the marriage market.  of government employee after  The value should fall in the market, this is M and this fall in value will be of great benefit to the other boys, so overall it is good in the country, those who are married, now that is done, so what will happen to them if the value falls. They will not go on this matter but this thing is being suffered, that will be a truth. You put your hand on your heart and for those who are suffering more, I will tell you something else. I make videos on relationships too, if you want.  If you are suffering from that thing then please leave your job even in government, if it has become pensionable, the old ones, the ones before 2004, leave it brother, it is not worth it, otherwise if you want a separate video, then I will make it because there.  People are also fed up, the reason for people's pain is too much, staying away from family at the age of 45, not getting food, not being able to pay attention to the children at home and also fulfilling the requirements of their parents.  All this is a big issue in life and I request you all to watch this video pragmatically and spread it and this was a big issue, I hope you all understood, thank you very much.