Hello friends, Why most government servants above 20 years should take VRS is going to be a very interesting topic. If you are a government officer, if you have completed 20 years then you should retire from the job. We will discuss about that. Some reasons will be discussed if you  If it suits you then tell me, if you like it then tell me and share this video with whoever is working for your boss so that there is some value added in his life. And even if it is not there then it has to be written, it is an issue for discussion, okay, how some buddy goes about it is a separate discussion, if it has been more than 20 years, then it means he is in the old pension scheme because 20224 is going on, it was closed in 2004.  If it was done, then whoever has brought more than 20 will get the old pension. Brother, those who are getting the old pension, you are a very good son-in-law, so you should give the money to the government for doing the job.  Now you will ask how, then we will discuss beyond that because the monitor is not a benefit and the service to the country has been done as much as I thought and you probably are not having much misunderstanding about it that we will change and tear apart.  Will give and that matter has cooled down a bit, especially the one which is not on the Rajdhani track, Shatabdi Rajdhani, and nowadays is it not on the Vande Bharat track? In fact, nowadays even on these tracks, there is a problem with derailment and that derailment.  Sorry Railway Minister, we know that we see those memes etc. but if you are on a goods train track, on a slow one, there is no promotion happening, no one is asking, nothing great is going on, it is not fun, you are away from the family and you feel. How to leave the job because you have not done those calculations, then I will tell you the calculations very simply, everyone will listen carefully to the officers, let's start, if you are a person with 20 lakhs and 20 years of service.  If you are a government officer then your basic pay will be around Rs 1 lakh depending on the department, I am talking about officer, I am talking about Group A, Group B and C people can also do their calculations, I know many are trolling here.  And by the way, hey, these people eat grass, friend, don't say it like this, not everyone eats everything, not everyone even gets a chance. Okay, remove both those things and that thing, otherwise all the calculations will be done like this. Even the shell eats, then you stay and become everything, then there is no need to make any video because those who are not engaged, they feel like this only, they feel that it is there, it is not such a thing and in the coming time it will end completely.  So we told in the beginning in the calculation why I know right now it will come like this, hey, they do n't work for job, they don't work for salary, someone else tells them that they get salary every day, please, this is loose talk.  should Don't do that let's be serious there are real people out there they are doing good job and they are doing good job and they think they are doing good job but a life decision has to be taken see if you have 20 years of service then your  Age may be around 45, plus or minus two years. Okay, you still have 15 years of redel service, but still you have to leave it because if your salary is Rs. 1.5 lakh. If your basic pay is Rs 1.5 lakh, if we calculate it today, then beyond that you will have to pay DA, you will get something else, then it becomes your salary, which is your total salary, beyond that you have to pay tax, the government has to pay it to every person.  If you are working anywhere as per your wish, whether you are working in corporate or anywhere else, then after that you save one paisa, one paisa, note this money, then if your salary is X from lettuce, then your tax is deducted.  If you consider  If you have to leave and then tell me what to do, now if you retire, your basic will be 75, half your pension will be 50, but you will get a chance, not a commuter, but a commuter. This is a 20 minute topic in itself and if you write cute in the comment section then a separate video will be made. Should you cute your pension and should you not cute? It's okay because that story was earlier.  Now that factor has been put aside, if we get something now then it is a topic in itself. I assume here that if you come to the computer, your brothers and sisters will get pension of Rs. 75000. Basic and DA is going on.  When you are 50, you will get 37.5% DA, then 11500% DA, now your pension is done, whatever is your gratuity and your leave encashment, that is what you will get when you add both the things and some is yours, some is everyone's insurance and some is being done by the government.  It is different in every department, by adding all these, all the benefits are as follows, if you get 50 lakhs and On 50 lakhs, you earned income on 10. Off on 10, 50 lakhs is 5 lakhs. Which is close to 42, 43000, 42000, then 11 and 42. If you sat down, then it was 154. So brothers and sisters, I brought you 155. I brought you this 155 without you.  You are getting it for work, you are getting it without working, you can subtract from what was the total salary there. Lena, now what is the twist in the story that if you are not living with your wife and children, you have to live separately because of your job because their children are in school because when you complete 20 years of service, it is assumed that you will be left till 2022. Children of those who have served a year are in 10th and 11th. In 10th and 11th, they have issues related to exams and education. And you people are living separately from any other person in the family.  If he lives separately from his family, then his minimum expenditure is an additional Rs 40,000 because now he has to run the AC separately, he has to keep the broom and utensils separate, the rental has to be kept separately. If he is getting some house also, then he has to pay for water and commuting expenses.  If you have to do this, then this is the bare minimum, it could be better than this and it includes the expenses of traveling and traveling, the child's exams are being held, I have to go to get it done, then it is a competitive exam for the daughter.  There is something, your wife is worried, you are not able to manage alone, so this is 40000. If you count these 40000, you will realize that you may be getting only this much, so if you are not living together then it is a complete loss. Plus one of the biggest things is that when you retire at the age of 44-45, you can go out and do anything and you can earn money by doing whatever you want.  I haven't run out of oil, when you retire at 60, then you are worthless, then your shop is closed at 60. Versus if you retire, 44 45 43 42 46, what ever depending on when, who started you, next 14 15 years will  Establish Yourself in Something Else and Now You Won't Stop at 60 You Will Continue  Till 75 So It's Not Just About Money Part It's About Stability In Your Life And You Keeping Yourself Busy Till 75 I Will Make Another Video For Government Employees Who Are Leading A Very Happy Life Who Have Completed These Days  One who is leaving after doing full service feels lost. One only comes out to a world where only one has to interact.  With non- government employees and going into the society, one comes with his own attitude and arrogance because what would happen is that after 60 years, you may go to such a position that you will not realize that it is only you who is running it.  The country is fine but when you turn 61, then no one will ask you, then you will not be able to sit in the buses, in the metro, forget about doing any small work, you will feel like, hey, how am I doing this and the money and We see that many officers who are IAS, they all do it at 60 to 65, sometimes the government makes them the chairman of this place, sometimes of that, sometimes their brother, they do IAS and YS.  There are so many lakhs of people in the government service, no one is asking you about the rest of the department, there are many people in such government service who retire in 5 55 57 years. No one asks after that, so instead of going there, brothers and sisters, now what are the many things? A hint is enough for an intelligent person. Some of you are geniuses, all the things are not even told openly because what do we have to do here, no one knows me.  Do not cause loss of affection, even the government has to work. Who all will come after listening to my videos? After the release, you give a chance to a youngster. If the post becomes vacant then someone else will go up or if a vacancy is created then the youngster will get the job. Okay, it will come, but it is not of much use to you, especially if you have become like that in India, as we have seen in Haryana many times, what happens when an elderly person lives so many years, then he turns 85.  He does n't do much good, remains a little irritable and people give him a little respect but don't even talk to him. Now he is sleeping so we don't know whether he is sleeping or awake and will say to him thrice, ' O uncle, have you eaten the roti, let's go.'  eat bread and have lunch  Your dinner is over, he is asked two or three times, I gave him tea twice and that's it, any big child will also come, he will go through the see, Namaste, no one will do this, I have seen a bunch of government employees become this and that in their organization. They have become those idle people to whom no one asks much, they just lie on the bed and talk to them about 'hi hello knowledge' as if I am telling them about practical life. So we are just living, that is, we are alive but we are not looking alive, and many employees and the government have also taken hold of us. The government will be too happy to retire from your heart, oh my dear, leave it, someone else will come, this is such a marriage.  It means that according to the marriage, neither the government is gaining nor the employee is gaining but they are not being left out, the government cannot remove it because something like this  You did not commit the scandal, there is no reason to expel him, however, the government has made the point that at the age of 55, he is nothing at 45, you are working silently, your soul is somewhere, your body is somewhere and this is how you are.  If the program is going on, then this is a life, the human body was found because I will not leave the vacancy, if I get a seat then I will stay on it, brother, the bus has reached and half of the people are not able to leave because they are thinking about what they will do after coming out.  at least  Here we go to the office wearing some clothes and our wives probably think that we are busy with work, so perhaps we have fooled our entire system into thinking that we are doing something great. The day these wives come to know the calculations, they will  You will come to know that this husband is staying there unnecessarily. Many husbands are happy even by staying away from their family. They love those husbands who know all the calculations and there is a lot of consultation, I say.  Guruji, I know, but how can you live there with Kalesh's wife, after retirement you will have to suffer all your life. Now come on, job is meant for you, see if Kalesh is your wife and this is the situation, then also I think you should retire because of this job and hold it. Go away my friend there if you are treated like a bad person because the person is like well in his 80's and your age is 40's  So have a heart, my friend, take a call, why do you have to be so insulting, why do you have to do it, and there is one more thing, after seeing you all, there are such people in the organization who, after seeing them, people just move away, saying, this is so.  They are bitter because many people have also become bitter because these people are not on the Rajdhani track, they are not on any great post, they do not have any connection with anyone, it is just that their increment on 3rd is bound to start on 1st July. By doing increment on increment, it shows the rate. Brother, by doing compounding, it becomes very high on basic. If you are not on 20, then it will become higher later, but if you take a call sometime, I will tell you when I will calculate the amount. People should ask how much money they will get, when will it be restored, that is a very interesting topic, what will you do with the money, how much rate of interest can you increase, what are the advantages and disadvantages, that is your own.  This is a very good topic, okay, that one is its own topic for discussion, so I will do the calculation by doing that also. If you don't want to be cute, then brother, I did not do that because it would have got a bit complicated here because even with the extra money you will get, You can play, you can earn money from it in life, that too will come to you, in whose name you can do it, how you can do it, but I think I want to tell one thing to people and finish that it is  Never Ever I Will Repeat Very With Great Authority With Great Love Affection And Khalu Siyat I Want To Tell Everybody And Lot Of Sincerity It Is Never Ever Worth Staying Away From Your Family Because Of Your Job And Because You Don't Know How To Earn Money Other Wise  And these four calculations cannot be done by you. Here an expert like me can come handy.  And help you see these calculations and tell you what is to be done if you are experiencing this dilemma which I feel a lot of people are experiencing then you can write VRS to my number, you will get it from other channels etc. or my group in the comment section. Daal Dunga Webinar Info Group Hai Wealth Creation Sam Sam Group Hai Mera If You Are Not Already In Touch With Me If  You are all in touch then so you know it is okay then join him so that at some point of time during this last week of September I intend to do a told workshop on it so that your decision making is good because lot of  People are paying me very hefty consultation to take this decision and I have realized that how much money can I earn from each one?  And when that person gets bored, then the person thinks that everyone should be explained in one go because this will be an I will not say epidemic i.e. Padme type, this has already happened and that organization will also be very relieved that brother, get out, you friend.  Leave, you are fine, leave and let the fresh blood come because when the work is not that much, there is no respect, there is no money, then neither the organization is getting any benefit nor you are getting any benefit, then brother, leave a little.  If you do something else, you will do good to the country. If you come out and start earning and start doing something outside the government, then you will also do well. Now, what is the government's orbit? What is orbit? I am forgetting the word which is restructuring of assets. Something goes wrong inside the company like insolvency proceedings. Yes, there is a lot of demand for insolvency proceedings.  There are a lot of ex-government people and if you can train them, you can understand and there will be a lot of growth in the future as India's economy grows. There are not even 5000 people who can do this work. 50000 more are needed. There is a lot to do. Independent Director Company has 10000 jobs but  That is the only thing, isn't it, this is the only thing, you are holding on to it, now you are saying like this, I have to do something else, tell me what to do, what should I do, this brother, do this first.  You will have to leave something, if you want to catch it, you say, how many phones does he carry, he is making money on one, he is not enjoying it, he has to catch it, so brother, the government 's rules are like this, you cannot catch one.  Caught the other, the rules are such that you can't do that you can't say that I will do moonlighting, Government servants can't do this, it's okay, they are prohibited, it's okay and it's not  Good brother, even suggesting will have to be left, brother, leave it completely, hold it, if you don't enjoy holding it, brother, hold it, if you don't enjoy it, hold it, because once you have freedom, then it is always easy like I keep telling all.  It becomes dark humor but then some people are like that I have been divorced and some of them are very scared of marriage. I said, I said sir or madam or whatever, the client remains, I said.  Friend, once you have done it, you know how it happens. First time, you feel scared. First, you have to give birth to a child. First, you have to get a divorce. In the second and third, the man is not so scared. Okay, you get to know what is the procedure, what is where and where.  If you want to go, how to do it, then it is also like this, once in a while, you feel scared, but there is victory in front of fear. Which ad is it, it is victory in front of fear, so the last line is if you come staying alone and watching this like this thing.  you will  Feel like a loser and if you feel like one that feeling is correct staying away from family for making a living living and staying it endlessly because family some times refuses to come don't know tu where post main nahi tere saath aana aapki madam jo hogi na woh  There must be a teacher somewhere, 0000 He says, I am not coming, the children are studying, I am at home, my capacity of roaming around has reached you.  If you want to travel then do it and stay away. Husbands are like this. I have seen that they start drinking alcohol, they do not remain in control, time does not pass, they become bitter and what is that thing, I want to tell it to many people through this video. Touching how many of you [Music] Identification Seven years of your healthy life call it or overall life gets reduced because you stay away from your family Second is your family get so  Used to be so used to staying away from you that when you come and meet them on holidays and some times छुट्टी लेके बोल्टे हैं सौरी हैलिडे बोल रहान मैं अधिक हैं टो दे र लिक ये कब जेगा यार क्या है यह है and I have seen youngster Because a lot of people are in pain and I told you, I do consultation from them to them. Guruji, the child says, Papa, why are you telling me now?  You will go away, then we will do the same thing, why are you even means suggesting us and the parent who comes, the father who comes, wants to come and impose discipline, why are you doing something like this, why are you doing this, why are you doing that from behind.  A different system works. Father is very required in a family. Mothers are a very important for a child from late till 10 years 12.  At Years When Children Are Like Above 12 13 A father is 100% required and in that, if the child was your father then he would have become this and if there was no father then this would have become this Opportunity Cost You will not even realize Like I told you that if you retire  Early Take Care of Your Family Start Doing Earning More and Keep Your Pension and All That Money Well and You  You are stable, the joy in it is that your life will increase, diseases will not come, you will live longer, how to prove it, because you can't live two lives or you live like this and you live like that, now where did the research come from?  Who came before me, who came after, who went here, no one is doing this, but what I am talking about, make sense of it, because if you are joy full because.  The food you eat at your wife's house will still be much healthier than if you are eating outside. Whether your department has made a system for eating some food or you order it from Swiggy, you eat it ready made or you prepare it yourself.  Or that Chhotu comes and becomes your cook, he presses all the ingredients and adds such oil and seasoning that you then roam around in your kitchen or the program becomes yours, then that food is not a taste, it is not a family. No life, no marital life, nothing, it's not worth it, get out and those who are living together are also living together, now I am living together, even though I am married, a stage may come when you will have to live separately. Why are you waiting till that stage Take a call Take a call in fact What people should do after hearing whose should they start preparation First one to two years of preparation What is something you should do  Should be done, those workshops are for webinars sometimes because look, below 500, even I don't speak, there should be so many people, I will give it to two people, then I will not give consultation at all, consultation is already going on.  One on one is your payment, infact you want to take consultation, which I am not very keen on because I am bored, still there is an option because its fee is very high, brother, it is fine, it seems that the government takes it for the government people. Because government people are used to giving less only and not giving at all. Okay, who gives money for knowledge, no one in the government gives it. Okay, they say that we are so knowledgeable, why would we give money to anyone, but many times we have to take help of astrology. Sometimes your situation is such that you have to do a little tailor making, so yes if you want to take that also you can take but the bottom line is never ever stay away from your family. Beyond a particular time, a few days are necessary under compulsion, but do not indulge in complete compulsion, life becomes very boring, bitter and your family is not able to connect with you mentally and I have seen that connection breaking in many people and that  One thing is that it breaks and does not connect again. This is also a fact because you are no longer the same person, you become bitter and then they keep increasing the distance that they have maintained with you. They do not get incentive for reducing your family members. These are very late things. Many people may not have even understood. Those who are not suffering from it, but people are identified. So please subscribe to the channel. There are many more things, platinum membership.  If you can take it, then what do I have to do? I will have an idea after that, thank you very much.