Hello friends, why removing indexation benefit in real estate is good for real estate, many people will get hired because I had made a video before this, it became a super hit video, many people watched it, all the predictions came true, now it is a matter of higher order thinking.  Many people wrote in the comment section, I was so happy, it's good for real estate, no, people are telling me, I feel good, I understand things in real estate, I also understand the benefits of indexation.  By removing the benefits, brothers and sisters, real estate will go up and there will be benefits. It will benefit in a very good way. If you want to know about this then I have posted a video on it which is about 10 minutes long from my second channel Sango Real Estate, the link of which is available to you.  You will find this video at the top of the comment section, please click on it and get the secret that now she will be comfortably in her stomach, Gudgudiya, he did this to us, he did this to the middle class, now she is Gudgudiya, why is it good?  Go and watch it and also subscribe to that channel. Specific real estate channel is my exclusive real estate channel and which opportunity is coming now. Pick and choose is becoming a good market for real estate. Government is encouraging only real estate. And how the indexation removal of real estate which is currently going on at 363, this is the explanation of indexation, when was it first started from 100, go and watch the video and understand your curiosity. Calm down, send the link of that video to your friend circle, understand yourself, explain it to your friends, if there is any doubt left, and above the budget, there is nothing for us middle class, go to Dubai, go here, if you have so much money then go, then go.  If it is so easy then it has to be somewhere, so we left just this little, left only a little, the benefit was only 17500, I thought it was 175, but it was such a slip of my tongue, 7500 and I  Had added the deduction, it is only Rs 175 so the benefit is very less but ok, peanuts is if you pay monkeys are what you will retain. Ok peanuts if you pay, you will get monkeys but ok in my opinion, I will reiterate again.  I will do it, although people are not liking the budget very much and the problem is when the government has to ask questions and not applaud, then I got tired many times.  If you ask questions to the government and BJP then they don't say 'hi hai ha' and if you ever say anything to them then it's okay then don't say 'hi hai', hey let one side live, one side do clapping but it doesn't matter where you do whatever.  The same thing will happen, I say it again and again, it is easy to mislead people in India, it is difficult to convince them, I am giving a hint through this video, it is not an easy pick, it is not easy to make money, it means you only get that much time by doing a job.  started thinking  The individual will earn money and the rest will remain irritated and the irritation is not because the government is taking tax, it is irritated because the employer sucks you all the time, you do not have time to learn, to understand, you are just someone. Yes, it is bad, it is not bad, it is not bad, it is not bad, because if you get clarity by watching these videos of mine, then subscribe to that channel also, you will get the video in the comment section, brothers.  Sisters, quickly go watch the video and enjoy. Thank you very much.