Hello friends, today we will understand some politics, Politics of Adritha, played it and now it is not working, whatever is analyzed by me, it is not there, it is genuine, it is bad, there is nothing of good, we know how power comes and  Politics is politics, they say that it is not politics, you must have heard it a lot from the mouth of politician, don't do politics in this matter, there is politics in everything and there is politics in our families also, it will be better if we understand politics so that our  Don't be fooled, it is the job of the politician to fool you, to fool you, so today we will try to understand the concept of how this concept of 'other' works and what is the psychology behind it, so in this I will try to talk about three states.  I will include four states in the beginning, one is Uttar Pradesh and one is yours and in this I will also talk about the psychology of the people, who are caste specific, who belong to the community, Haryana and Maharashtra, elections are coming in Haryana and Maharashtra.  And you know that Uttar Pradesh is always political, so what is left of Adrang, that if you enter any state and find someone dominant there, separate them and consolidate the rest. For example, you will do to the Muslims in Uttar Pradesh.  These two are also from Muslims and these are Yadavs, they belong to Akhilesh, we will concentrate on everything else and if you can manage this more than 50 days, TMC also does the same.  Mamta Banerjee also says that Muslims are at 30. Out of 100 in Bengal, 30 are Muslims and the remaining 70 are Hindus. Whatever communities are there, you take vote bank at 48 and you swipe them because the rest is CPI (M), Congress and main BJP.  If there is, then the votes will increase in three or four places, but if I am 46 or 47, then Mamata ji will be among the four Hindus. If even one Hindu votes, she can keep one.  Whatever the party does, it gets the job done because 18 out of 70 i.e. one by four, 18 and 30, all of them are almost consolidated with you, they do other politics there, BJP did this in Haryana. When I studied Haryana and BJP was nothing, nothing happened in Haryana. When Modi ji was here in the 90s, he used to roam around on a motorcycle with Khattar Saheb. No seat was available for him. It was fine, no one knew him.  In fact, even after 10 years of BJP's existence, there is a joke in Haryana that the way this honorable sir will take cognizance, the narrative or the words are not understood by the people of Haryana that why are you speaking so much Hindi, why don't you talk straight for 10 years?  After this, if this is the situation then what did they do here? Jats are the most dominant community caste, so by separating the Jats from everyone else, they become Adrithas. They do this and look at the rest, they did that.  Picked up, separated the potatoes, separated the cheese, separated the chickpeas, no one can do this, they are undercurrents, everyone's identity is already defined differently and I will tell it in the best possible way because I teach higher order things, I am from here and you will speak.  You are against BJP, I like BJP very much, I don't like BJP's leaders, that is a different matter, well, the party and the leader, yes, the party leader can also be different because some leaders are imported from outside.  The thought process of the original people changes, I like the party, I also like the Congress very much, I like the whole party, the only problem is the leader, what is the problem in the party, the party does its intelligent work and what are the people like that?  This is also an example of being straight, I troll everyone here to do the same to me, I can do the same to the community, I can show the hypocrisy of people, how many classics are there now?  The poet is a lion slayer, not an actual lion, that one is fine, there are two people in Haryana, Jat and Yadav, okay remember, Jat and Yadav, okay understand the matter carefully, I will tell you a very deep thing, there are Jats in Uttar Pradesh too and Yadavs, Congress is the Jat of Haryana.  I am telling you openly that there is more inclination towards the matter, everyone knows it is true that Bhupendra Singh Hooda is the leader but the inclination of Congress is that elections will come now, there is no such thing as a secret in saying this.  I told you that the Yadav brothers of Haryana are on the side of BJP, Hirwal people, you can look at it, that is also a fact, but brother, what is this, they went to the other side of Yamuna, went a little 50 kilometers there and in Uttar Pradesh, there are Jats in Uttar Pradesh.  He belongs to BJP and Yadav belongs to Akhilesh. There is a friend of BJP in opposition. He is saying the right thing. Yadav of Uttar Pradesh is against BJP because power is needed. Wherever power is found, it will go there and there.  Jain ji, son of Ajit Singh, see how there is no problem there, no community belongs to anyone, don't do that among yourselves, no party belongs to anyone, everyone wants power, everyone wants Chowdhary Hut, brothers and sisters and this is someone.  This is not a bad thing, this is what I want to say and politics is done by separating this thing, the same BJP which is very dependent on Jats, Muzaffarnagar, Meerut BJP and here and Chau Saheb Jain Choudhary.  By doing this they will give Bharat Ratna, they will handle many seats there, but still some have managed and have made him a minister, he comes here and does other politics, this is what Maratha politics is, to offer Devendra Fadnavis, who is not a Maratha face.  There is always one who is non-majority so that they say that you will do your eyes, it is good politics but now it is not working. Saini Saheb is the Chief Minister of Haryana, Haryana belongs to his community.  I am a small group of people, what should I not become, should not I become the rest of the people, who are we, yes, this is democracy, anyone can become, when I say that % can become, then the population of 18 and 20 is 177.  There is a population of another religion in India, make them of another religion too. When you make so much, you have not given one MP there, you have not given one minister, you have not given anything anywhere, brother, no at all, but in other places we  Okay, so we will make Yadav the Chief Minister there in Madhya Pradesh and we will rotate him in UP. Look, we have made Saini ji also rotated. When elections were held in UP, look, we made OBC, you understand and the rest.  By doing this, this strange thing has now become an irritation in the society. It has seemed to the society that something too much is happening in it, now people are not feeling good about it. People are saying that jobs are also due to inflation and  There should be more talk about the middle class and taxes and inflation and all this, now this Adriya because I told you that people also have to become less cool, these politicians have to be like this, they come from Switzerland, they come from the public here, now the public has seen all this.  It is ripe because there is one more thing which is a dominant caste, it is a dominant community, if it reduces a little selfishness then Jats in Haryana become less selfish and Marathas in Maharashtra become less.  If one becomes selfish then leadership can come in a default setting and if these communities have understood this, Jats have understood this in Haryana and Marathas have understood this in Maharashtra, that brother, we have to become leaders, then we have to become everyone's, not that I am my own.  If I do anything for the community, it benefits the state and it also benefits the culture and people get connected because historically, if you look inside Maharashtra, look in Haryana, whatever was the equation. Caste is not today, even 2300-400 years ago, there were some tasks like fighting, dying, eating sun, mud, putting in effort, sweating, earning, shedding sweat. These people used to cast a particular caste and used to tell them to go or you can do it, however in Haryana no one is doing this.  Kind of Raj lesson and he was not Raja Waja, he was Peshwas in Maharashtra and he was Maratha and Maratha was a lot of umpire and there is a lot of history, he is a rich history, he is from Haryana as much as he is.  No, but this common thing that used to happen inside the village was accepted that brother, you can do it, relief was given in many things, there was profit and loss, people took advantage of it, communities also committed atrocities, all those stories too. But there is a default duty thing that brother, this merchant will do whatever the merchant does, this man will do whatever his work is, there was a balance in the society many years ago, I am not talking about today, I am fine, now everything is mixed.  anything happened I can do astrology. I am not. Sharma ji. Okay, anyone can do something because of technology. It is okay, technology can do things, it can do anything, it can do everything, but still it is established in the rural belt.  Now BJP will not understand in the times to come that if these people go towards Adriya and Bhaichara Better, they think that the leader should be of this caste, what is he doing, is he helping me in doing my work?  If I am in business  If I am a community, is my business growing? I don't care which caste one comes from, which community one comes from, who comes brother, if you let me work, then we come, I think we are moving there.  Think BJP should know this is happening and they should now think of a new narrative because this is not working anymore. This ad ring will not work. People are ripe because how many times have you heard the same thing.  You will do it in the same syllabus because brother, it has been 10 years since it has worked, now if the juice is not coming out of the sugarcane, then you will have to bring some fresh sugarcane or something else, now if you want pomegranate juice, then you will not have to add sugarcane, so the story will have to be different.  Because now they are saying that enough is enough, we have seen the results of religious places wherever they have come and the 10 seats that are happening in UP now, do the same there.  Yogi ji is following the same syllabus, brother, you cannot do anything with that syllabus, you will have to do something else, I am saying that it is like the same formula will not work anymore and the opposition is the same, how they have figured.  It's out and I am not able to understand that who will come to advise BJP, brother, who will tell you brother, Khattar Saheb, the middle class leader, was made here and had to be removed in 10 and a half years. Had to be removed after a year and a half and now their elections are coming somewhere, let's see how much campaigning they will do, yes, how many villages will they go to, then this is the thing because if you are a Maratha community, a Jat community, you cannot join a dominant community just because of it. Because the population is there, that much representation should ideally be given to everyone, I am saying make the 3rd person the Chief Minister, no problem. Brother, make the one on 1st level, but those who are on 28th or 30th, at least give some value, listen to them, there is no work left for the Sarpanches to go to the village, how many talks have been done with the female Sarpanch, there are videos of them, how are they now?  When the elections are over and the results are out then the post mortem will be conducted to find out whether you did politics. If you still speak now then I will be told that you are trite influence the vote which.  This is never my aim. I always want to remain as an analyst that when the result comes then do the same, I will not do it, I still want BJP to give close fight in Haryana and close fight in Maharashtra, only then it will be fun but whatever you do first.  So change all of them. What is the name of the candidates? Don't keep one candidate the same. I am telling BJP only to change all of them 100%. Secondly, communicate this from somewhere that there will be no politics of difference. Politics of difference is still visible and if I am saying that if Congress gives 10 to 11 seats to Rao Inderjit, Rao Inderjit is in BJP then it is okay and give him in Ahirwal and say bring Aarti ji, Deputy CM.  If this is done then the situation is clear, BJP will not get even 10 seats. If this happens then BJP will not get even 1015 seats. So you have brought it there too, Hirwal people.  Ko Yadav Yadav took them but did not consolidate there due to their different politics, either say that you are their top leader, Rao Saheb of Arwal belt, you are the best, you have this ticket, you respect them too, we, me, pen this day. Because I am a voter of Gurugram, our MP sir has been an MP for 20 years, I do n't know, he is an MP for the sixth or seventh time and even now he is the Minister for State and Khattar ji went straight to the cabinet, the rest are in the cabinet.  I gave it to everyone, you did not give them cabinet rank, what about the rest of them from Gurgaon, don't the Yadav brothers have any problem with this? What if Rao Inderjit ji forms his own separate party, will he not get eight or nine seats out of the 14 seats in the Ahirwal belt?  If he ca n't become a king maker, then I am telling here that all these possibilities can be there. Discussion with experts on Haryana elections, if you guys are interested.  I don't know how much is the audience of Haryana and how much is that of Maharashtra. This election is on 1st date, so there is still one and a half month, so if you people are interested in it, then let me know so that I can share with you the ideas that I have in politics.  Look at the change, you will say, he is doing amazing, he doesn't have 50,000 subscribers, what he says is seen happening, so what an idea, he doesn't have subscribers because he doesn't talk one sided. If I become a Congressman, they will come. If I become a BJP person, they will come. If I do n't know whose video it is after watching 50 videos, then whose name is it and not me? Brother, I belong to the country and I want to belong to the people of the country and I say that the people will help the people.  I want the politicians to have fun, or the politicians have so brainwashed the public that we cannot enjoy them, we have to have fun, nothing can happen, brothers and sisters, anything can happen in life, new Chief of Haryana  Who will become the minister according to you, write in the comment section, then they will start a discussion campaign, they will enjoy Haryana's elections and Maharashtra's elections, they will spoil the show and this is how the politicians' fun is enjoyed, how it is enjoyed and enjoyed.  How to take this please, this channel is for fun, for enjoyment, there is no need to take stress here, you are not of any party, you are a supporter of any party, faces.  But there should be a smile at the end of your video that yes, Guru ji, you are having fun, you should take it like this, everyone will enjoy cutting the glasses, we will take the pleasure of BJP, Congress, leaders and everyone, so you guys should enjoy everything.  I hope I explained it very well that the politics of this ring will no longer work and this syllabus is not working anymore, some more stories will have to be told, something else will have to be said, it was, it was too easy, it is done. They used to do whatsapp-web, neither can they make a difference in one thing. Now something has to be changed. Brothers and sisters, if you have run out of ideas, then I will tell the general public through myself.  I will give you an idea as to how a politician can be fooled, now not all the people watch my channel, that is why I am saying that if the public wants to be saved, then brother, increase the subscribers, there are only so many viewers, not many, so only you.  If you don't want to be fooled then I will give them ideas too. Now tell me that I am in this team and I will fool them too. The public gets fooled like this. Feed them round and round. It is okay. The public has to be very aware. They are always fooled. Every time you are made to cry, it does n't work, you can pretend to be intelligent, you do n't know why people are so helpless, these politicians don't belong to anyone, whose are you, whose are you, you are your parents.  Wife, brother, sister, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, are you everyone's, are you theirs, everyone in the family has a brother, who belongs to whom, everyone becomes a fool, no one can fool the politician, stop crying, my aim is to ultimately make the public happy so that the public can taste it.  And please write in the comment section that there is demand from Haryana and Maharashtra, then we will discuss. Brothers and sisters, please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.