Hello friends, there will be a little deep topic, it will be interesting for you guys to listen till the end, the topic is how to deal with angry people and how to deal with your own anger issues, basically how to deal with an angry person who is a human being or if you get very angry then you should do  It will give a lot of relief, I will try to give clarity and please share it in your circle, it is definitely your responsibility so that we can get this clarity in life and life.  If we remove anger from people, the world will be a better place, our country will be a better place, productivity will increase, health will be less bad. Okay, so let's start the video whenever you feel angry or someone is angry at you because anger is such a thing.  We see it on daily basis, we either get angry ourselves or bear the anger, wife's anger, parents' anger, children also show anger these days, okay, we will go to the office, boss's anger on the road.  If you go somewhere, someone is driving a car, that person is angry, you are standing there, something has happened ahead, Pa Pai Pai Pai, Indians have a lot of anger, North Indians have a lot of it, South Indians have relatively less anger, although there is a lot of anger in their movies.  I get to see it but still I am very twisted and have been there. I am comparatively more angry in the North than in the South. Okay, relatively, the South is okay. Relatively okay, so both places are okay. So is the rest of the country. I did not understand Western and Eastern, the population is very high in North and South, so why does one get angry? Anger is an emotion, it is a very strong emotion, but why does it arise, that is, what is its source, because if we know this then only we will be able to address it. Only if you know this then tomorrow if any man is getting angry with you then you will know what I am going to tell you then your power to tolerate him will become very easy and if you are getting angry with him  If there is any problem then you will reach out to him and address his problem. The base of anger is fear. Where there is no fear, there can be no anger. Tell me, what are you saying friend? Do you understand this, anger or fear? Let me tell you with two, four or five examples. You are going.  He is somewhere or some other person is going, wants to reach office or wants to meet somewhere and is showing anger on the way, is showing frustration, he is afraid of not reaching there on time.  Either I am late leaving or there is some emergency. Fear that wherever I reach, I will have to be scolded if I reach there late. I am angry because anger is breeding anger. When you are angry, here is a small example.  Let me tell you how anger circulates in the family. The owner of the shop slapped the employee in anger or scolded him. Well, not a slap, but a very bad slap.  That employee came back home and was angry, his wife did not do anything, that is, he thought that tea would be served on time or he asked for something or something happened, he caught his wife, now the same wife got angry because the angry shopkeeper told whom  Gave it to the husband The husband brought it into the house Magnified it The husband gave it to the wife The wife got it as she got The woman got it The boy was not doing homework The boy was not doing homework or was not doing anything  Whatever the mother had already given to the boy is fine, now when the boy came out in frustration and the child was 10-12 years old, he did not understand what to do, so he saw the dog, it is fine, he threw a stone at the dog, picked it up and  The dog ran in anger and as it ran, it collided with another man and he bit him. Now this man was the shopkeeper who had given data to his father, so this is how this anger is traveling in this world, Karma.  E traveling one man to another here we have to break it and after understanding the information I am giving you will understand that you are angry on your children, read it, do something, do n't do it, always read, what is fear.  What is the fear that maybe he will become something, he will not become anything, otherwise he will be a shame on you, if he does not earn money, then the fear lies in that he may not have any money because if the child of a very rich man is not doing drugs, then he is not doing any illegal work.  not working  He is not doing anything moral, he is reading something, he is generally passing the time, he is generally decent, he is not harsh on that person and is saying that yes, it is okay, that means he could have been even worse, now he will come of age, I will let him  I will set it now, a little he accepts what I say, a little he will accept it later and by the way, no friend is generally decent, he does not run away in the pursuit of friendship, he does not go anywhere for a walk, he does not stay late at night, he is satisfied but the same. Parent of lower middle class middle class parent is not satisfied. If he is afraid then he is angry. Same thing, same thing. When the wife gets angry at her husband because the husband has given something to his parents or gifted something to his sister or given something.  So, the distress of the wife, the anger, the lies in the fear that I don't know the resources of our house, this husband is a stupid [ __ ], I don't know where my sister is. If this woman herself is doing a job worth Rs 1 lakh then it will be less because she is doing something, so I am telling this.  I tell you all that wherever anger is coming, recognize that anger and where there is fear, try to address that fear, otherwise anger will always come, will always come, husband does not listen to me.  Why do you have to control your husband? You will be controlled by your anger. Same works for the husband also that you are making him angry. Why are you getting angry? You have to control your family so that everyone listens to you and everything you say is heard. Okay.  Okay, so this is the same thing that if you are a boss and are very angry at your lower employees, okay why because they will not work, then what will happen then that project will not be completed yes then what will happen  Then you will not get promotion, then basically you are afraid that if these donkeys do not do the work below, then I will get scolded from above or I will not get promotion, then address that fear, why do you want such a strong promotion, so what if there will be no promotion.  No no, what is it like this, the whole organization is like this, why be angry, why be afraid, fire him from the job, call him, brother, you are not working, ok, open the register, there must be some system, warning paper of appraisal.  Work's hair by you have been ass to brother you are not working and on that day you didn't work you didn't come you didn't listen to my comfort abuse Kalach's anger whose anger is whose fault is it whose lower employee's body is bad?  You are having a heart attack, who will you blame, who has done the mistake, if your boss is angry at you, your wife is angry, your parents, anyone.  If he gets angry then tell him a simple question, whose fault is it yours, if it is my fault then why are you punishing yourself, why don't you shout at yourself, shout inside and see whose BP is increasing, maybe you are 80.  But you are sitting on the blockage and you get a heart attack by shouting, I am so much worth in your life, you get so angry that what is your fear? Tell your wife, what is your fear, brother?  I will not get you, not my parents. If I stay here for 25 years, they brought me up and made me something, do this then I will leave you too. If you only want me to be your slave, I will not do anything to my parents.  If I forget them, just like I have forgotten my parents, I have forgotten my brothers and sisters, I will also forget you. Why anger, what is fear, when I am not even leaving my parents, where can I forget you?  Tell me to leave, I will work double time. Don't be angry, I will work very hard. Address the fear. Whenever your wife is shouting, the thing she is shouting about has got nothing, that is a system, where is the seed, where is the fear, a very big fear and  When you think like this, whenever someone is making you angry, you will think where his fear is coming from. You have to address him directly and tell him that his anger should be calmed down.  Tell the boss sir, I will get you promotion, I will make my life one, this will be a mistake, don't worry, if the boss is not big then in the beginning it will be like, my secret has been exposed, and all will be revealed slowly, boss, say sir, earn the number.  I will give you, why do you worry, I will do it like this, I will flatter you too, I will teach you how to do it, I will flatter your boss, ask your boss to give you a number, speak directly, what is such fear, why are you getting angry to someone else?  I will not tell you, this is how the conversation is happening between us, I am giving very practical tips here, no one in the world is making such videos in the work they do in life, they do not sound sexy, and they also do not sound very diplomatic.  And don't make that kind of sound, raise yourself so high that what nonsense is that, there is no need to raise yourself so high, concentrate your mind, do not get angry and whoever gets angry, then your personality will become like this.  Wherever you go, everyone will smile like this because they know that you know how they think and work. Then it is not anger, it is anger in front of the person where something is hidden. Once you can feel like a child is getting angry on something.  What does he need, what is he afraid of, he will miss his movie, you will not bring his school bag, he will not watch cartoons, even small children get angry, what is it, ask son, what happened, you will get to watch the movie Ghummi.  You will also roam around, tell me what is the problem, what is your fear, if you want to address your fear, then in the family, in the office space or even if you are getting angry on someone, then go to that place and see what that fear is and call it fear. Tell your wife directly to fear that my guests are coming, they are my relatives, I know you do not love them, do not like them, I am afraid that you will not welcome her and I am afraid that you will insult me.  If you give it to me, I will be insulted, I am living in this fear and in this fear, if I burst, I will get angry, but I am telling you in advance that you should wear a mask and spend two hours properly and I will be with you.  I will bring a saree for you, no, why do n't people talk like this, why do people stay angry out of fear, and if you talk to your wife first, then she also knows that man, she also knows, that is, if you understand, then what would have happened.  do you know  There is a fear that then they come and your wife makes a face or is not so devoted or she will disappear on time or you did not like it, she does not respect the Embarrassed one that much, if the wife does not agree then sit and accept what I said in the first one.  She said, sit down and tell me, get your own things, arrange for food and drinks, and tell me brother, my wife, why don't you do the unworthy thing? He is the one who tells you okay. Bo, I do it for you, I do it for her too, become natural, fear.  Rise up, there is victory in front of fear, there was a fight, there is victory in front of fear, there is victory, don't be angry either on your wife, nor on relatives, nor on juniors, nor even on seniors, don't be angry at seniors, why are you there, it is a compulsion, this world is afraid.  And if you are running with greed, then you will see fear and greed in everything and all the anger is the same as when a program spoils someone, any action of yours is spoiling someone's program and he cannot speak, you have to see.  That What is his hidden program, what is his agenda, which has been spoiled by this action? What is his chessboard that he has laid, which you have spoiled in innocence, foolishly or knowingly, depending on the situation. Just think about it and address him and tell him that yes, I did. If I have done this to you intentionally, then tell me I will do it like this and if you tell me politely, then we will become friends, then I will not do it, don't get angry at me or else.  They say unknowingly, Oh Lord, what is the mistake, Guru ji, have I committed a mistake, tell me the truth, it happened to me unknowingly, because people are not able to tell either the actual reason or the anger, they ask for something else.  And sometimes what happens is that you had given him the reason for his anger two days ago, which was the actual reason for his anger, but if he had been there at that time, his secret would have been exposed, then he would have asked you and you would have caught him many times.  Isn't it friend, there was no such thing as anger, this happens with you friend, why is the wife shouting on such a thing, man, men do n't even understand sir, they probably were not sent to any school, you are like this.  If you are my subscriber, then you are in the school, here there is a Guruji who teaches PhD people, right in front of you, if you get a PhD in all these things, then I am the mentor to get that PhD, so if you are connected, then you will know all this, no one will help you.  You are getting angry in front of someone, address his/her fears, tell him/her, or do people sometimes not acknowledge what are the fears? Everyone keeps getting angry. Loss of control is another big fear of yours. Do something like this to someone if you lose control over you.  If you give the impression of being angry then you will get angry and those who get angry at you basically want to control you or you are also the one at whom you sometimes shout, like a rickshaw puller.  Normally, you do n't shout at your neighbor because neither will he let you control him nor you are controlling him. When you tell people that you cannot be controlled, then people will stop getting angry at you. That feeling you give them.  You are vulnerable and you can be controlled and blackmailed. Some times it happens that the person A wants to control you and you are not able to control him but you are under the control of person B and then the person goes crazy.  A. The person can be a mother and a wife depending on the situation. Many wives see that he doesn't listen to me and keeps giving his mother his tail. Wives like it very much that the husband who doesn't listen to his mother probably doesn't even listen to her or to anyone.  Does n't listen and is a bully, hood, bully, bully, bully, then it's okay, wife, he doesn't listen to me either, does n't listen to her either, not even under my control, not under anyone's control either  No, it's okay then elder brother is a man, I am not telling you to become such a man that you should become ill-mannered, I am telling everyone that you should give another word to you that brother, I understand everything, I know everything that  You are shouting, you are shouting, this is coming from fear and this fear is this and this fear is your wrong, you will not be able to control me, tell me that I should hit her with the dialogue that I am a ship of the sea, sorry, I am a ship  Of  I am a bird, a ship is sailing in the sea, there is a bird beyond that, no matter how much I have to fly to come there, then say darling, you are my ship, I will eat, I will fly a little and come back to you, so why should I be controlled?  As for water, I will drink only this water. You cannot drink sea water. There are no islands far away, so start giving the feeling to your boss, mother, wife, children that where am I going, why are you controlling them.  tell me brother you are here  You have gone to the beach in the desert for a walk in Rajasthan. Pick up the sand and put it in your fist. It is said that when you close your fists tightly then this beach starts coming out of them. Go anytime, pick up the sand and close it tight here.  It will start coming out from here, wherever it is, and if you open that fist, not even a drop will fall down. Tell me, don't tighten your fist, I am the one whom you open.  It will remain, tell me you will tighten it, I will disappear, why are you controlling me? Will you talk like this? People will not get angry with you, they will be surprised. Embarrassment increases. You know, no one can get angry with me and someone else is getting angry. Tell me, why are you doing this brother, what benefit will you get, tell me, I am yours, I am your slave, what work do you want to get done, this is not in my control, it is in my control, get it done, talk like this.  Why don't you say, I am not in the mood for this, I do n't have the expertise, if anyone gets angry at you then it is because you did not do the work or did it poorly or did not do it on time or did not do it well, so be very care about it.  Tell me, nothing will be done by shouting. Tell me, I will pay your children's school fees. Tell me, what idea is he giving? What extreme example am I giving? Tell that person, this is how I can be off.  Use to you do n't shout at me because shouting at me is not going to give you any results I am not going to come under control I am smoke Don picture's na I am smoke Where can I control the smoke How will you control the smoke then it will go anywhere ok  If it is, then become smoke, whoever makes you and people angry directly, do not remain silent, address it there, if it is public, if it is happening publicly, then keep quiet.  Leave it, but go and meet him alone and tell him, brother, why are you so angry? Well, you were scaring others, what are many people under your control? You are vulnerable, you are decent, you should shout so that everyone else comes in line, as if they are not.  There are robbers, Gabbar comes, one half does so much, the rest all fall in line, there are many such Gabbars roaming around, we have to call out that brother, I am Veeru, it is okay, I am not.  I will leave you, okay, you have chosen the wrong man, whatever you want to create your kingdom of anger and all these things, you create it somewhere else, okay, don't kill me, tell your wife like this, tell your parents like this too, brother.  Sisters, never tolerate anyone's anger, but you should know the reason behind it, if there is fear, then the one who is angry is a cowardly person and does not get angry with a cowardly person. Understand my point, he gets angry with the one who is afraid.  He remains like this, he is completely relaxed, he was the villain of old movies, haven't you seen Ajit and he had ever seen him getting angry, he has spoken, he is the real fear, you should feel not only emotions, he is relaxed, that means bring his mother, okay.  He is still becoming a hero, should he bring his wife? Should he bring his girlfriend? When the girlfriend comes, she says that he is not even scared of his girlfriend, no problem. Then the second Robert should bring his mother.  When mother and son come, the guns of all the heroes fall, they have to be intimidated by them, they have to be intimidated by the people of Chillam Chilli, they are afraid of Chillam Chilli because in that movie, why were those villains so powerful, they had no fear. If he was not afraid, he would not have shouted. Do you understand that I have to come up with an example from yes? I hope the audience is getting a little entertained and also learning a little. What should I say? I want that where there is fear, there is chillum chilli. If in your house your mother-in-law and sister-in-law are chillum chilli, both of them have fear. Address that fear. The wife is afraid that she doesn't know whether the husband will remain mine or will leave her. The mother doesn't know the fear. Our service.  He will not do it and the more resources the son has, the greater the fight beyond that. Till date, I have never seen a daughter-in-law and a mother-in-law fighting over an unemployed, unemployed son who drinks liquor. There, both of them are united and crying over their fate. Hey daughter, you are teaching in the school, how will I survive by sewing my clothes? Now that they have grandchildren, they have only this income, there is a big fight going on there, where there are resources, where there is fear, because there is no fear there.  How can there be any fight now, what is there to fear, he neither earns nor does any work nor does anything, so there is no fear of losing anything, he himself is useless, he is so big, where the IET has become a good package, the good one has arrived there, look, everyone needs trouble. What patterns are you seeing in it, will you yourself reduce your anger now or have I given a shield to those who get angry? Brothers and sisters, at the end of this video, you can now write in the comment section. Yes, just like the old ad used to come at 11:00. Before this, I was quite upset, then I watched Amit Sangwan's video in which he told about anger. Since then, my life has changed a lot. Now I have become a different person. If you keep writing like this, my moral will increase. Do it. Write down if you got something to know, to know something different, to know something better. Next Time Anybody Shouts At You Don't Be Afraid Because That Guy Is Afraid A dog is cornered. When a dog is cornered, he is scaring you or he is scared. Imagine if you have ever been reared by a lion, a lion runs like a dog and will eat you straight away, okay, you understand what I am saying, next time one is even bigger, I am not cowing, there is no cowing.  The angry on you you can be. The more someone is shouting at you, the colder you become, the quieter he will become and he will become more afraid and then console him. We have to help him find out what the fear is about, address that fear, then only he will become a Friend friend for life and next time one sees you and she sees you, he will not get angry and let me tell you one thing, when your life becomes like this, no one gets angry at you.  In fact, wherever you go, people welcome you with such a smile. There is a huge increase in productivity in life. This is a very personal experience. I am telling you that it is okay that no one gets angry. It is okay and yet there is a person who has no control.  There is one half like this, you will get it, you can shut it off from your life, it is easy, now you will say no, it is a very close person, yes, it can be done even to the closest person, I will also tell you the methods for the same, how did you like telling this video, is it okay for you?  Share it, send it on family groups and forward it to whoever is angry, your mother-in-law, your mother, your boss, speak with hatred, don't know what nonsense he is talking, sometimes something like this is fine, forward it anyhow.  Get it done indirectly, reach them somehow, those who are angry and those who are angry among you, I have told you the way to reduce your fears, please go and address your fears.  Why are you doing this, friend, what are you afraid of, address that person, you are getting harassed by the person who collided with you, that is Sintmobile.