Hello friends, today we will discuss what is happening in India and Canada, okay, they dismissed one of our diplomats there, okay, we also got retaliatory action done, you must have already heard a lot on this, you also know its background, I don't think much about it.  I will go because what I care about is what is the direct impact of these things on our lives and what will happen and what is happening and will we analyze it properly. My IM is so that the practical audience can understand it.  He should not go only after taking GK, if you are not preparing for UPSC and you are not preparing for UPSC then it is a matter of current event and something is happening, what is making us fit 3 4 10 days later  Then something will happen but it is very effective in the long term. I am trying to tell you that and you listen to it carefully. Some of these relationships are accidental. I want to tell some information without making personal attacks.  There is something wrong with Ludo ji, there he is made to fast, he is also called nepotism type, his father was also the Prime Minister, he is the child of the Prime Minister, has he recently got divorced or the proceedings are correct?  He is married to his wife and has three children. With their love, why am I talking about personalities? Because sometimes even in the bigger picture of a personality, one should know about the brave person who is coming. Now, his mother was also diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I don't like to tell about any medical condition of any woman, but I have to tell about something which is not being shown on other channels and is not being shown on other channels, so that is different for her.  You know that he is giving it by painting, but I am also discussing something else, what are the things, what is power, what is indifference, what is power, why is he doing vote bank politics like this, votes are needed, there is something there. this is qatar element  There is a link with India and Indians, our government has been giving hints for many years, not this one, but it is not an improvement, if you see that this event has taken place and the fundamentalists there are at the event.  That event had happened many years ago and it was some other party, that party has given priority to that party, now there is some other party here, okay and this party had nothing to do with time, time has some power politics and agenda of its own and it's her kind of [ __ ]  Well, it is not normal, it means your fight was in this house, there was a neighborhood inside this house, you were here, you had a fight with him, he vacated the house and went away, now if someone else comes to the house, will you fight with him because now he is in the house.  There was a fight with him, no bitterness or whatever bitterness there was, and you also have the power to be friends with him. You understand, I am telling you like an example, Trudeau ji's mother was also divorced, Trudeau ji is also divorced.  Mother got married to Divorso for the second time too. She got divorced in the second marriage too. I will repeatedly say, 'Hey, why am I linking like this to someone, I am not doing that to anyone, but tell me a background, I have been to this when father was the Prime Minister.  Then mother is the Prime Minister, the same is going on with the wife too, so when personal issues are going on, then the world is not so conscious, wisdom and discretion, there is pressure, you understand, personal matters are more important than that.  Because there is a fast there too, Canada has nothing to do with it, respect it even if it is not next to it, it did not even ask Canada, in a way the satellite is the same country, it has nothing in itself, anyway, it does not have any brother.  It doesn't seem that he has any story of geography because at the bottom it is him, so he is Munna Bhai and he is of circuit type, so as he is Munna Bhai, his circuit is fine, so what effect does it have on us?  What effect does it have and what should the rest of us do?  Those who are doing wrong and what I am trying to tell is to make this thing inferior, many people are showing it as Tiger 3 Pathan type, it has been done, they will enter there and do like this, oh brother, no one has claimed it.  They are saying that it has been done like this, they are saying that there are allegations that the Indian State has done this by taking the names of all its elements, now who knows to whom this has been done, if you look at their articles also then you will find criminal events and  If there are activities, then it is such an allegation, we have come with this, there is credible evidence, there is no credible allegation, the Prime Minister is standing in the Parliament and saying this, if there is evidence, then it would be a big thing that you have evidence, if there is evidence, then show it, then evidence is nothing.  You don't have anything credible to speak against anyone. Till date, there were programs like Mossad and theirs, so if Indian is that, then look at it in a way, then Tata.  Tina is ours but there is no need to jump on it, there is a silent relief by doing such and such on the news on YouTube channel, any country does something, it is a silent relief, there is a silent relief because we have many children there, that's why I tell.  Since I have been there for six years, it is affecting us, not only from Punjab, but now from Haryana, they are directly affecting me, so I am worried, that is why I am telling because I do not think that relations with this country are ahead of us right now.  are going to get well soon Because that vote bank politics will continue, whether it is the next one or the next one, okay, our children are there in the journey because if at the country level, if something like this happens at the country level, then the people there have gone.  Why won't he travel and the one who is a so called citizen of Canada or is going further to Canada also you see yourself because the one who is intelligent is the one who also has the table, sometimes what happens isn't it sometimes we have to write.  on d  Wall is not known. 1947 Partition happened on 15th August and the country became independent, so it is not that it was a airplane plane, it was a concept plane and earlier it was not known what was going to happen but people just react and start sitting in the train when  The mutiny has started, those who were taken out before the war, I am giving this hint to myself and my people, please calm down friend, do not harm our children, if your child is your own there then you  They will create ruckus, the state is doing something of yours, your leadership is doing something of yours, absolutely right, we are with them, whatever is happening, but we are among the intelligent Indians, we are not these foolish people, no one knows anything, credible allegation was said there, no evidence 3  It's been 4 months since the incident, how did I know anything further, nothing was told to me, she felt like chilly, the car and ship broke down at a human's place, no one asked, I stayed here for 2 3 4 days.  As soon as we go there, we adopt it as if we say, I will teach you a lesson, how should I teach you a lesson, I will teach you this lesson, do less of this, it is such a big country of ours where everyone is saying Namaste to India, because if you want to ask many people from India, then do this.  Canada does n't have much to do with it, that's why it is doing like this and unfortunately I will make it big. We don't have anything to do with these terms of import and export. Our children are settled for the sake of education and their GDP.  They contribute, pay taxes there and reduce taxes there and now let's see if they have any feeling for the passport there or for India, if they have any feelings about sending the child there, see, there were six.  This is the way you do us, maybe you are doing the same there, do that and go to some other European country, whatever story you want, whatever story you want, which is my personal opinion, we also have a famous actor in Canada, isn't he?  He was also roaming around with a passport and had become a Canadian citizen for many years. You would know that there is a question of GK. Write in the comment field. Who is that actor? Famous actor, now he has come back to his home again. He will return home to India. Now he will become a citizen of India.  They went there with this very good thought but they also stayed there with great taste, I feel that I have become an outsider, I will get something good, this will happen, that will happen brother, how can you keep it in the country when your relatives are from your country.  Spoiled means how happy  You can live in this way and there is a moral obligation from within, that country has to have this feeling for you, now you go there and want to eat their bread and serve them and give them fun, that is yours.  They are paying taxes to them and those taxis are getting rich, so this is a call, it affects our citizens directly, which had created a Canadian dream of ours, I probably don't think so and it is not like any next government will come.  Next Prime Minister Bhai  This will always be an issue because when vote bank politics has started and it is visible, sir, our External Affairs Minister has also said that it is off and it is also visible, so if the votes will reduce, then Canada will go.  If the population there is not increasing, then the percentage which is increasing here due to which this political and appeasement is being done will definitely increase, so as much as they have control today, it is bound to increase tomorrow, it is not an incident, you understand.  It is a matter of 10 years, if you look at the horizon, then the answer is no, don't cry, if that too by staying in touch, I am staying in India the same way. I am saying that real estate bomb is happening in India, economic bomb is happening in India. Everything is happening in India because we don't know our geo-political situation, how will the world be after 15 years, so here too, keep on something, so much luxury is being lost and two breads of respect, yes.  It is better to live there instead of meeting there and then crying that now this is happening with us, all that will happen, they do all that and all those issues will come to face you, so it is always the baking of our country, never mother. Calling a child, even if the child forgets the mother, then look at how the next 10 years are going to be for you and those who are living there, who are thinking of sending, brother, 2004 is a country, in the world I thought of a figure, go up and down, caste is a country. become  We go to the ghats but there are more than 200 countries out of which we are not able to find the same country, which means there are many more countries, for the love of my life I am telling you, I have to go, sometimes what happens brother, I have to go, I am not enjoying it. So in Canada also, when the people will pink them, then they will know that the education system here is capable of doing this course, they are driving our trucks, so let them continue their story and those who are there, they are making noise.  can create chaos  Those who want scaffolding, those who do flowers because vote bank politics is there, so what is it that that one same party is sitting right, the rest of the people are not sitting, I am telling which de bachcha party brother this is this no way, you are at the level where the movie is right, your  In the country we keep saying that here it is like this, it is very good brother, say whatever you want, the story is very big, relatively, there is nothing outside and this is happening to you and you can see it in the video.  If you understand this thing  Please be aware of this, those children who are currently applying for these visas, discuss it once with mom and dad, discuss it with relatives, make it a topic of debate in your family group from the middle of this video because tomorrow when you will travel to Toronto, Ottawa and whatever.  They have big cities like Vancouver, there you have bought some houses, you have taken a loan, you have taken a loan, you will leave quickly, take a call, take a call, visa is valid from Canada.  Something less is going on with you, from Canada, I too, Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Norway, Finland, Australia, okay, sometimes what happens to a man too, I have gone out, once it happens to me that we expel someone from the village, our village is very bad.  I love the village, I came to Gurgaon from 70-80 kilometers away, it's okay, it's okay, mother doesn't want to go and live in the village, it's okay, I love the village, there are kinships in the fields, I have to come and go, I'm very good, but mother doesn't do it, it's okay  Understandable, but you can change the city, if there is any difference, I am telling this on the basis of example, so my request and advice is that this is fine for me, look at this, I do not see the story happening further because it has been many years. Kanishk Bombing is going on, Shikhar ji had explained it in a very good way, okay, if you look at Kanishk Bombing, then you will get roasted from inside, how can a man offer so much like this?  He became casual and if justice was not done then that is the intention of the country which has been visible for some 40 years. It was just that the government has lost its dabang in de sense. Right now the leader does make a difference, ok so road dabang.  If yes, then now there is no nonsense, now the ability from India, you take nonsense from the world, it is getting reduced because as soon as the power of the country has to increase, this is what happens to the previous ones too.  There will be no sigh that brother, one has to speak as per his status, as per his status, now his status has been flooded, it is very good, now now we will get shore on the shore, it is okay, now it is not that you will come out from here, but now see, this is mine.  The message is fresh opinion which has a lot of room for life and by making it a topic of discussion in your group, you will understand the situation better, but what happens sometimes is that where today is the day, the person does not have this.  I would have known that I should be thrown out, the outsider does n't know anything here, but the one inside feels that wherever he gets it, it will be fine, no, how should I go, how should I go, how should I go, decision making happens but many people are not able to reject because of micro.  They get the time of a second, they think that it will not be recovered, where it will go back, it will not happen because they are projecting from the place, they are projecting the word, I will do it, it is not very easy but date decision making is you.  Happen to here reaction time note 1 second witch and half second witch is there in fat offline but it is decision you have to be made in b 2 months 3 months six months c wahan pe kya ho raha hai kuch party hai kya politics hai kya  Vote bank politics is P very-very clear. I have not made the video yet which I was speaking about now, I was always speaking, if you watch my previous episodes because this is a Netflix.  Is the series a long one or Buniyaad serial is Hum Log serial, I have started it, okay and with this, whenever you keep watching the episodes, whenever you get great pleasure in time, you get clarity, I told you, still we will be here. How crooked is our country, but I mean, there was an ad that was running, it's okay, so it's mine, okay, so this is a big thing, whatever will happen here, at how many levels, in such an open parliament, it's like it's speaking openly from inside.  It is said that India fell  No one should speak like this, my friend, as if till date no Prime Minister has told the story, so I say to my countrymen, to my subscribers, Rocky Bhaiya, please do okay from within, don't do chillam chilli, because when he used to do chillam chilli, our children would be very upset. Well then take action, this is the biggest problem in our country because of Hindi movies, they will understand the movies well and will circulate this thing that do whatever you have to do, but as long as our children are there,  Just your child is not there but many Indian Indians have children of your fellow citizens, so there is so much noise, they do this to you, they do this, they do this to their chests like this, they do this, it is very irresponsible, not to hug, but to speak.  Do n't ask to forgive anyone, but this wisdom should be kept well, this is geo-politics, this is very complex, take your action quietly at your level, when the action is completed, there is peace, then you can say what to do.  This is the message that I am saying so loudly that it gets repeated a couple of times. I am saying that this message has been delivered to you all. Please share this thing. Thank you very much.