Hello friends, I did an experiment, you can also do it, it will take a little effort, what I did is promoted and if you start watching one content and do not watch the other, then you will just get dragged here, this is what I want to tell my subscribers.  I believe that it is a fact that if we do not listen to the counter balance, our picture will never be completed, we will become like that story, it was an elephant story, not an elephant, so someone was holding the trunk.  Someone was holding the leg, someone was holding the tail, someone was holding the teeth, so you were not able to know, were they not able to see all of them, were they tied or bandaged, is it an elephant, to know the whole picture, you will have to have an open mind, infact that  If you want to progress in life, then I always watch counterview videos or content, to which I say that you have created your own belief system, okay, that belief system is either right or wrong, only two things can happen.  Too  It is your thought process, if it is right then let no matter come, your tree is strong, people will come and shake it, it will not break, and brother, if it was weak and someone breaks it, then get yours broken, why does it hurt so much, what is this special thing like?  It is true that whoever comes will change your view points and will change your thought processes. I myself many times people say to me, hey, you talk about it like this, why ca n't you change, if in the last few days. Some things have been seen, if we had to see the Chandigarh model, we said no, there is one AO, then the Chief Minister went to the sitting, everything was justified, then you saw what happened to the Surat elections, what happened to the Indore elections, then you also saw the electoral bonds, then you  Now you are looking at it from one side, so now you will speak, otherwise after seeing the pattern, you will have to say something or the other, I am not saying to him that even yes, someone is different from someone else.  There were 10000 runs, 100 10000 runs were scored, but if in the last 10 innings, brother 0 and 0 one lbw caught out, hit wicket, then hit wicket, then run out, then loose shot, then bad shot, then either this commentator would come or someone would say,  Man, what is happening to this batsman or don't you want him? Go and see that day in Sharja he had scored so many runs, hey, that was in 98.  Tendulkar had made it, after that there should never be any criticism, if something does not play that well or someone else twists the story, then it is for you to see that what you see, many times you get the same algorithm, so much content is put in you.  This is the same thought process, if you are consuming only one type of content, I have experimented and seen that brother, counterview does not come, if you go for deliberation from your side, then go for deliberation, if you are a devotee here.  They are blind devotees or whatever they are, if you go to Deliberation and don't click on Dhruv Rathi's video or Ravish's video, then they will never be shown to you. You should tell them directly, I too have tried to do this many times. Make a little mistake, I know all the process and how and I am a user, so I have youtube0 view point, it is okay if you change it, otherwise I got stressed that brother, a very high level man came and he said big-  words of great wisdom  Curry And Tried To Change My View Point Pert Despina Will Stick To My Original Stand That's Very Fine And You Should Say Thank You To That Person For Shaking You Every Way You Got Shaken But You're Still Standing That's It  Is it okay and someone here, it is not a bad thing to fell your tree because in reality there is no tree, it could be one, you have been shackled externally if  The environment is changing. You have to see that life is like the weather. You cannot say that if it was winter then it will always be winter. Summers come. Brother, the quilt has to be put inside, all the warm clothes should be put inside properly.  One has to clean it and keep it inside after applying sunlight and then in summer people's coolers and ACs start running, so this is a process, after that one has to prepare for the rains, that is a different thing because it means many things.  There are places where nothing happens, it gets flooded every time, but anyway, some preparation has to be done, then after that winter comes again, then when the festival comes, then one has to prepare for it and it is not like that that you will get stuck on Diwali itself.  No no, I will not burst crackers even on Holi, Holi is coming, now you have to play with colors on the time of Holi, then your June is coming, you have to do June's work in June, so life is also like this, something is changing outside, which man? of  Performance can always be at its peak. Do you know how big 10 years are in life? The President of the US said that we cannot live after 8 years. Why can't we bring this thing to India? Do you like an idol ji? There is a party like you there.  If the Republican is a Democrat party then people get divided I am a Republican I am a Democrat I believe in this then it is okay You may believe in anything but then the person who is driving that car in which you are sitting is okay Change the driver  So we have to do it or else we want the same thing. Hey brother, rest is also needed. Age also happens, time also happens, because every time, some times you run out of ideas, some times you just run out of. Ideas about what to do, then you keep performing, managing and then keep talking about old things. I have done this, I have done that. Nobody is interested. What you have done is so good that we will always remember you.  When  Till now dear, will we honor you or will we do it but that is done, but what is the next thing, will Ganga ji be cleaned, will the technologies which were there, will smart cities be made, will there be Skill India, will we have to talk about all those things, is n't it?  What not, what have you done, what has happened is good, now dil maange more, every man now it is something like this, there is someone in the house who cooks very good Chinese food, someone cooks chowmin every day, not every day, yaar dosa will also have to be eaten some day  Have to eat chana bhature too. Change is needed. Brothers and sisters, you are so good and the women will appreciate it more. No matter how good your saree is or any particular thing is, they get bored of wearing it. Change is needed just for the heck of it.  This is also a fact, so if that person changes or the saree itself changes, its color changes or any other thing changes, then you will feel that yes, I should continue this. Other wise you will get board friend, so how long will humans keep telling the same stories and sometimes even tell me many times, Hey or are you the first one, change your story, I have to listen to the same story, but earlier you used to speak.  Yes, earlier I used to speak like this, now I speak like this, if you will speak like this in future then it means that you have returned without drinking. No, you cannot return without drinking because you have a reference point if  The reference point is yours, you have kept one of your own that as gradually I will start talking according to my ideology, you people should also have it, your reference point in life should be that I have to be happy, where is my happiness, the second reference.  The point should be, what is good for my country and I am not going to decide what is good for my country, I am going to do all this and the country is not the river, mountain, forest and flower leaves, the country is the people of this country and  If this people of this country decide this then I declare to myself so clearly I will have to accept it and adjust with it and try to find the maximum happiness peace and returns of investment and everything out of that I come here and make no noise  Can it be created again and again or not? If I say this is good, then you also say this, it is not good, it is not like that, everyone has their right.  Is there something like in share market? We have to understand this equity market. It is the best life learning platform. In share market, we say yes, share, you have bought the share. Every person wants to share the share you have bought, but what can you do?  Now Asian Paint can take HDFC's bank a little higher. They play in small towns and they get caught too. I am not talking about them in SEBI, I am talking about big lions if the company is good. Management is good, product is good, demand is good, sentiment is good, if you buy then it will do well and if all these things are not there then sooner or later investors will pull out. You can't stop them from pulling out of that stock. Stock will go down you can continue holding it for a life time and it will become yours like if it was old Yes Bank or Dewan Housing Finance or any other  IL IL FNS was the one who kept sitting with all the Kolappan people, so it was as if if you wanted then it will happen, then that is the performance, what do all the people think in the share market, the sum total of this share market, if people thought today.  Oh brother, there is a fear that something will go wrong, there will be a war, this or that, crude oil, such and such, threatening, federated by doing this and that, the market will correct by 3%, if some other event happens in the market, then the market will be affected.  What is happening at the total thought process level? Brothers and sisters, the result of the market comes out. Sometimes we say that the market itself is stupid, it is crazy butch. According to me, the stock is there. Brother, the market can be irrational for a longer time than you can stay. Solvent, you understand what I am saying, you invested money on a stock, the company is very good, you think it is very good, this is also true, but there are many babbled butches in the market, okay, they don't understand.  Now they have made the condition of that stock such that or the condition of the market has become such that you have a time limit, if you believe that you have to play a future option with lets, you have to square off, those who do all this, they know where the decision will be taken.  If you want to take it in intraday or when the expiry date is last Thursday, like it should not be rolled over, if you have to settle something then you have to settle that deal, then you have to do it, brother, market in that and that thing.  It was a mistake that he was and it is possible that when you don't have money, someone else from that company can learn from you and do better than you. For example, if in real life we ​​say that this political party is useless and this is good.  Whether it is good or bad, whatever is ours, let us know after 10 years that if that thing was right then where will we get it from, then later history will judge who did what good and what bad, now if you are speaking today.  yes or no no You are feeling scared, first of all, if your party is about to cross 400 and someone so great is someone's leader and he is just about to win, then why are you worried if someone else comes and says no, no.  He will lose, it is useless, you should be happy, why are you not worried, because you do not want your share to fall down, I am telling you that in this democracy, in a share market where these things cannot be controlled, you can do these things.  can't control Many people are roaming around with this misconception that we can't do it or not, we can do it, I will tell everyone how good this couplet is, now like Saurabh Mukherjee ji, he runs his PMS, he also has a lot of brains, he speaks well logically, he runs PMS. Brother, there are new returns, go and check, he is doing Marshall S. He is fine, his thought process is correct, I also understand him properly, I also know how to do such and such stock research reports, bullying etc.  I also agree, but brother, there is no return, this is also a fact, in many shares where he used to say that this story will become like this, as if I am telling it by taking an example, I am not criticizing anyone of him, but  Now why do I want to take all these examples, why do I want to intellectualize it a little, that brother, listen, you do not understand all these things, do not come to my channel, please, long live Congress, BJP.  Do n't go away by writing 'Zindabad' or 'Murdabad'. I do n't need this comment section. I do n't need subscribers like you, brother. I want those people who understand a little deeper and who are at a little higher level. I say it openly, I say it with my mouth. If you are rich then you can stay on my channel only if you are rich in money or rich in mind. If you are in either of the two then it will be fine. If you want to become then it will also be fine, but it will not work for people who are neither rich in mind or money.  from and not  Do you want to become please because many a times it is said that it is enough, friend, that algorithm will run in vain, you will write here, I have done this, I have done this, I do not make any of these videos either to keep Congress alive or to destroy it.  I am making it to ensure long live or long life of BJP. It's okay, they are like all the pieces of the same bag, this is their work, I do n't have much to do with them but we have These are our choices, these are our tools, we have to work with them, some of them will win, some of them will win more, some will win less, but we have to do some higher order thinking of our own which I am telling, that is why I am giving an example like Saurabh Mukherjee. Was Brilliant Guy Good Pics Coffee Can Investing Good Knowledge Good This Thing But Then He Has Also Left Certain Things I Think He Left HDFC MC If I'm Not Rang The Stock Went Up When He Went Out He Lost Patience So His Pick Was Good He Rational Was Good Okay Thought Process Was Good But He Just Run Out Of Patience And Many Many Many Many Many Many Many Many Examples Hai  I am not that otherwise it will be property based that you are promoting stocks, nowadays what is the problem, no one can talk about anyone, there is a reason behind every thing. Agenda comes, okay, this is also a fact, so I stopped with just one example, if you do research wise, then you can tell the other shares also, so what I am saying is that many times the right thing is being told but at that time it is not understood. Maybe they don't understand what I am telling you, they also change their opinion and then another thing gets played out, so it is a very complicated world which we are living in. We are black.  You can't do N white, this is good, this is bad, this will always be good brother, whatever was good for you in your youth is not good for you in old age, you cannot eat rajma rice, if you become old then you will get gas, you will become bad.  And issues will arise for you. If Rajma rice was good for you too, then that is the thing which is good for you. If you are changing, India is changing, India is changing, the leader thing is changing, everything is changing, then how can something always be good?  can stay Otherwise, don't defend so many leaders on him, attack everyone, find holes in everyone's theory, if you find yourself clapping for political parties, your living is impossible. On record, brother, Ram temple has been built, I am very happy with this thing, but who built it?  He is the one who is feeling shy while eating bread. Why brother, why are you feeling shy and all the useless talk is happening left and right? Tell me, you have built a grand temple, you have done a very good job, it has been settled for 500 years.  But I myself feel that no, no, or it will not feel good to speak, so we say something else, friend, what is this, friend, eat the bread of the right thing that has been done, and whatever the other person did not do or made bad or he did it.  He got the result, talk about what you did right, you are going to do right in the future, don't talk about it, at one place he is saying, I will get you justice as soon as possible, okay, this is a government job, your government job is already becoming a curse and  go ahead and become a curse This is my prediction about who will go and who will do government job. You people who have been associated with me for four-five years know that all my predictions have come true. You have seen that these days people are crazy about podcasts that yes, all these things are happening.  Today I am telling you that after 3 years, the boy who will be a government servant will not get married. What nonsense are you talking? Not today, after 3 years, he will not get married to the person he wants to marry. If you lower your level, then you will definitely get married, brother, which human being?  whose marriage is  Whoever wants to do it, everyone gets married in India, so with one eye, if you are a government servant today and you will get married and your level was this and you got a girl of this level or this level, then after 3 years, brothers.  There is no prediction, your level will be the same as that of a government servant, everyone's grade pay scale, well, the pay scale is fixed, in the government, the same person will not get the same here, he will get the one here. This is the message and then you will say.  That my elder brother had got it here or that cousin had got it or a friend had got it. Why won't the one here set me here? So this is a special section of the people who are being deprived of reservation due to reservation. My repeated message is to take jobs, this is a matter of cumin in the mouth of a camel, unemployment will not be solved by these, it seems very high in numbers but your numbers are 144 crores brother, you are 5 10  If you give 20 lakh jobs, it will not increase anyone's satisfaction and from 5 to 75, only then the remaining 99.2 are still sitting, so if not this story then who will solve it, this is not in their control, I will see heaven myself.  To work on your own, if you are hungry, a man will work. There is a lot of work in India. While I am making this video, I have been pleading with my electrician for a day. There is a small work to do in my house, he is not coming and  Friend, it's okay and you do n't even entertain every single person, there is so much work, I know that he is angry with me, that's why, no, I know that he knows that the work is small, so if he has got more work than that. So I know that I will have to wait, go to the hospitals, there is no number there, I have to get major operations done, there is a number line there, brothers and sisters, in India, even without the guidance of any government, very good work is going on. Come let's feel like it  This is what we are doing, this is an elephant, this is moving, this rider may come, this may come, that may not matter, it does n't matter much, the elephant is cool, he is going on his way, he will walk at six, he will walk at seven, he will walk at eight, he will run away at eight, then  You will have to sit on the 6th row, it will run one class too far, then you will have to bring the people behind you and never sit in a Hari Roadways bus, you get the feeling that if you sit in the front, it feels as if you are sitting at the back, then it seems that the bus in front is going ahead.  we left behind  Gone means moving like this, meaning you are sitting like this, then it is always walking, it is gathered, remember you are a country, understand carefully, you, I am telling you with a very good and deep example, you are in a train, first AC in that train.  The compartment is of Second AC, Third AC, Sleeper and General. That train has left from Delhi and will reach Mumbai Central. Okay brother, it will reach at the same time. Yes, in that journey, First AC passengers will spend more time, Second AC passengers will have less fares. This general of the third  There will be a lot of trouble in the train, but you are a part of that train, you are not entering the tunnel of Elon Musk, which will take you in such a way that if you were sitting in first AC, we reached two hours earlier, na na na country.  You cannot go beyond that limit, just like in astrology we show that you cannot go beyond the promise of the horoscope or what is the total promise. You will say that it will do well, it will do well, it will do very well, then the reference point is that What did father do? If top businessman Mukesh Ambani's son is like top businessman Mukesh Ambani, it will not do as well in his son's horoscope, then it does not mean that he will become absolutely middle class. Relatively, from what he saw, there is a slight difference.  There has to be a reference point all of you who are living and lives you have to judge in last 10 years and 15 and 20 and last five  And the last two years and the last six months How has your life improved And gone down with the fixed reference Fixed reference Grab a fixed reference Then you'll know what's going on Then you'll stop singing this useless praise Because somewhere  These people do not have such a direct contribution, they definitely tell the story of making things better or making them worse, and those who are doing good, then brother.  Let those who have to vote do it, you are sitting with a vote, discuss it, question it and you are feeling like I have to vote for the person you are going to vote for, listen to more negative things about him, listen to more negative things, do more research about him.  Leave the one to whom you are not going to vote, why are you not going to vote to him, you don't have to give because to whomever you have to give, you should be shy brother, listen to me carefully when you wear trousers, you go to buy jeans.  Whatever trouser you like, you want to buy, you only take the trial of the one whose color you don't like or the shape of which you don't like, you go and try it on for a while, then you have rejected it, haven't you? If you don't like something of a particular color.  If you don't like buying it then you will either try it on like this or if you try it on then you will see the same one, brother, if you like it, then that and his, if both of them come like me, then I am conducting a trial for them.  If it is helping then why not how logical I am speaking, even those who watch the videos get real relaxation, they get real fun. Please subscribe the channel if you have not done so yet. Want to be a part of Tegra Group? Yes, you can be a part of it in the comment section and can take membership of the channel. Membership is available by discussing over tea. Right now I have not promoted much, so people have not accepted it, but I will only talk about good journalism.  Because I have got much more popular channels, you people know that I am making videos here at their cost, you people know that there, I know that my mother-in-law is a hit, I know that my corporate job is a hit, my  You all know that my youth topics are hits, you guys know that real estate topics are hits, but coming here I am insisting, brother, till June 4, a little donation is okay, membership is like they say, right Shekhar. Gupta ji says, Have to support is fine, you will have to support and the cost of membership here is very low, beyond that what benefits will you get, I have still not decided, first if the members come, beyond that also we will discuss over good tea.  We will learn that how can we improve our lives by observing politics and what is happening around us. Something means that it is always mine. If I do webinars then this theme will remain, we are not in control. Like I told you, brother, we cannot control the stock market. What is happening to us? If the stock market is going down, I will play shorts. I have to take a call, I have to take a put, it will depend on what is the direction, how much to take, option future. Whatever it is in English, you have seen whatever they do in share marketing. I don't want to impress you by talking about it. What I want to tell you is that people earn money even in a falling market. Money in a rising market too.  We earn on the side, we earn money in the market. Those who know how to earn money, they just keep looking at it, oh market is going up, oh is it going down, oh don't fall, this one, that one, they don't reach anywhere in life, same politics, same politics, not much of you, only you.  You can do it, it may not happen according to your wishes, your favorite party may not be that good, it may be someone's wish, dear, yes, I am not taking names, your favorite party may not be as good, so you do not have to be sad about it. is yours  Keep it as it is, keep questioning it, if any external thing changes, then change this party, when so many leaders are changing from this party, some of this, some of this, this one are leaving and you are voting for them only, you are one man.  You are voting for him, he changed his party and then you liked him very much, so do n't jump to conclusions so quickly, talk here and there, talk about both sides, then please share this video and like, thank you again much.