Hello friends, this Diwali, we always link geo-political situation and Diwali. Forwards started coming to us on Diwali, a few days before Diwali, that we should not buy Chinese girls this Diwali, that thing is missing, so what has changed, so the channel will give you a little information.  You know politics remains geo-political, the first observation is mine, is it yours or is it not, then today I would like to tell on this, according to me, it is the most cunning one.  Which country is it and which country's products should we avoid and which country should we boycott? As a citizen of our country, this is my own theory and opinion. It has not been leaked in the market yet and it may happen now.  Talking about things, I will also tell you the name of that country and you have to watch this video carefully and if you agree with it, then you will write A, if you disagree, then write Disagree, the name and logic of that cunning country and  I will tell you region wise, the name of the country which has made the whole world crazy is United States of America. I have been researching for a long time for a video which I have promised earlier also that Indians will be encouraged to go out and in that  Many things keep coming and that video is yet to be made because there is no simple answer to it whether one should leave the country or not go out, then who should go where should one go and for how long one should go, many questions, one video.  I answer me  It will take time to do but I have discovered that the United States of America is a cunning country but even in our country people will not call out because it has done so not only in India, not only today, across the world, across the last 50, 60, 80 years. They had thrown these atomic bombs and they had emerged the power. They have bought many people, we have to ask one thing as Indians, the bureaucrats who have all their power.  Live and from politicians whose children work, study, are citizens or are living in the US. One thing will help you because I know this video can give chill to many people because the lobby is very You are China, look at the kind of friendship you have maintained with China, even if the leader goes and talks to you, he gets declared anti-national. Who is this lobby? I say that if someone lives in our house then he is my neighbor.  Brother, I want to live with him, it is useless, it is good, very good, it is very useless, he will come with me in happiness and sorrow, but at a distance, some uncle is sitting, Sam uncle ji, he is telling the world that he has made the world crazy, America is instigating wars everywhere. He wants a problem everywhere, the solution is not there and where two people are fighting, he comes, hey, why are you fighting with your hands, take this braid, take the money, give the money, it is a very good braid, so he will buy one braid, then that is fine. hey he will say  You take the gun, you take the pistol, it is better to kill than the pistol, he took the pistol and you take the cannon, you take the cannon, you take the ship, you take the ship, you take the drone, you are taking drones worth Rs 500 crores, still you are misbehaving.  Hey, if we understand geo-politics even in a childish way, then we all have trouble with China, we all play children, India is a child, China is a child, and for whatever reason, it is theirs.  Now China's hut is America 's hut, that is, if China and America's hut is there, if it is like what happens inside the class of children and India and China's hut is there, then India should be America's abba abba, okay then India and their  Abba Abba is not there, I am telling this by taking the example of children, America shows its eyes to us there also, this Nijjar case has happened, that Pannu case has happened there, Utcha has its own amazing thing and we are here because  What is the matter, why am I doing this, because our dispense session is that BJP does what the public wants, it is smart politics, now the public has kept the public like this, the people of India do not see anything anti-America, they feel it.  Is America our friend or is it okay? Will Trump win? Harris, if anyone from our side wins, what benefit do these people take from India? There are Indians there, so what should we do with them, he is not theirs, he is an NRI and not theirs, so he should go there.  NRI  What about going there and photos and all that will come, I wanted to meet Modi ji, I just touched Modi ji, saw that something like this is going on, I also came to know that maybe they had taken it from here, even the people there don't do this, fact.  Brother, we have no benefit from SA country, if America moves towards de-dollarization, then it is better for Putin Mr. Jinping and our Modi ji. We will do our own program here. What is America growing vegetables, what else is it growing? We just have to buy weapon systems of weapons and why do we have to buy them because we have to help each other, one poor country which is India is poor even today, one poor country does not become rich in thousand dollars, the other very poor country which is Pakistan is very poor right.  This is our stupid understanding, but the public cannot say anything because their people have been set, here we don't know who all have been set and keep playing the shoes but he has done this, he has done that.  did it do it  Keep terrorizing everyone everywhere, Israel will continue to do Humsa and that one, its left goon does it there, we cannot say anything against Israel, we cannot speak against it, because by gathering these rest of the M world, a separate system was created.  Hey, the whole stupid world should sit down once and say, let's do one thing for four years, let's boycott America and don't use dollars, let's use our own silver and gold.  Let's use it and then see if there is some peace, if it doesn't happen, then we will fight. Give a break for two to four years. Tell him, brother, what happens like you, what happens in homes, I am explaining it very simply, some aunt or the other.  Yes, uncle, uncle, must be some relative of someone, he always comes and sets fire to the family, and then keep fighting, keep fighting and everyone will keep giving him respect because he might be a rich man or a knowledgeable man or a powerful man or a person with resources.  the one  Everyone will want something from him and he has set everyone individually but it is also a fact that brother, if she comes, there will be discord inside the house but this Diwali, let's boycott American products, let's boycott America for a change, let's have this sentiment that this What is this misbehavior with us, this Trump will come, Trump is my friend, what system has been created that everyone is engaged in sycophancy of America, why does it mean Xi Jing?  Talking to Bing is like kneeling, this opposition also speaks like this, in all the politics, whoever is in power or in the opposition, America keeps setting the narrative so that it does not change, you are understanding that friendship does not go wrong. By mistake, he will create such a situation in the country that the leader of the country will not be able to do it even if he wants to because these people have that sentiment everywhere, they control everything through social media, brother, you people have to see and understand that what is mine, you have to understand it completely.  Now!  Realization came that where is this channel of mine, it will be like this but never mind, I got the realization that if you are saying so much, what will happen to it, so brother, okay, see, you see, within the US, you yourself are very independent.  There, a man's freedom is considered very strong, but this is what you need to do, what progress has the country made, on what basis has it done so, was intelligence born there, was intelligence not born?  They have increased the intelligence by attracting India. Whatever our country India is, it is because of the Indians. No American came here and made this country better, no Chinese made it better, no Russian made it better, wherever we have reached it is ours.  People are there, we are on our own as we are, we will progress further, we will still progress, but America has attracted the cream of the world and they have created their own system and they keep it running, I am saying this. What America has done, can we somehow stop our cream here or will we take pride in this? Only Nadella is our son, the beautiful back is ours, no, he is not ours, brother, he is not ours, he is also a citizen here. No, she earned all the money here by force, wherever anyone goes, Sunita Williams is our name, no matter what happens, Kalpana Chawla was ours, we will make everything ours, we will make everything ours, if she becomes Kamala Harris here now.  If you accept the President then Kamala Kamala means Kamal Kamala means BJP BJP Kamal Kamal Kamala We will narrate any story, we are so crazy asking everywhere such sycophants are engaged or not we should go to them and fold their hands like this, keep some attitude brother.  They will also need us, this has not been shown yet, I will not say that the Government of India is not doing this but we as citizens are not supporting that thing as much as the government may need it, this sentiment is telling. If slogans like these go out like this, do it like this, do it like this, then that too will be shaken more. Whenever we took oil from Ukraine, I am saying to Ukraine, sorry, we took oil from Russia, it felt very bad, but we must stand.  So we will take your friendship so strong, you are sitting somewhere in America and you will need us more than anyone else, but we have shown this convincingly. If you have to fight, then I am saying that keep brotherhood with Nepal and Bhutan. Keep brotherhood with Bangladesh, keep brotherhood with Myanmar, keep brotherhood with Sri Lanka, try with Pakistan and China too, I told them not to try because it is with us, these individuals are spreading the chaos of not knowing America.  Here, America had to port something to Bangladesh, but Sheikh Hasina ji did not do that. You came to know about the theory that there was a need to contain China. Hey brother, listen.  They used to say that we have to play with the shoes of such huge Himalayas, India is in the middle of China, nothing has happened historically culturally, brother, culture is in China, culture is in India, there are anti civilizations, we are Asians, our thought process is of a kind for children.  The heart beats for the family The heart beats for the family What is different about America What is common with us And we are busy sycophating about America The Great American  ng US is great yes US is great but it is great for it's not for other world then it will be great for itself, it will be Chaudhary in its place, we have no use of it, sell weapons, spend money, blackmail and remain bossy  What are you talking about bossy brother, if you print so many dollars dollar after dollar then what is the point in printing dollars, keep printing dollars, if India prints unlimited rupees then its value will fall.  In Venezuela, you saw that if you print currency notes then the value of the currency does not remain, but in America, because of every big deals, till date I have not understood that if India has to trade with China, Russia or even Bhutan, it has to do with Australia. Brother, if you want to buy oil then why do you have to do it in dollars? Brother, no you dollar means neither you America nor I America, do it among yourselves, no currency fluctuations and this is difficult brother, thousands of years ago when spice used to go here to Kerala.  I used to go from the side and from my Western Ghats, only gold was available everywhere, take gold, take silver, trade in something else, do services, do water, make any system, friend, take Bitcoin, crypto from me.  Do it, trade in anything, make something else. Why has the dollar been made so expensive? Because when Iraq thought that I will use oil like this in the dollar, then it reached there with Weapons of Mass Destruction. Ask someone.  America will also catch him in danger Only one thing remains that whatever my dollar is, it should keep running because the dollar is Uncle Sam because the dollar is ours, when it is said that your brother's coin runs fine, then that brother 's coin runs and brother, if he is the biggest then he is the least.  Stop doing this puja, cast doubt on your America and America, don't do America. My friend who came from America, those politicians are also doing it. Our Modi ji is also doing it, but politics depends on what is the sentiment in the country. The sentiment in the country.  back Been very much against China for last year, Modi ji did not meet him, now there is a need to meet Xi Jinping, we made some friendship because we had to do it in diplomacy, America is showing its eyes, it is showing more eyes, Lal is becoming a hero, so it was a very good thing.  Whatever is good should be celebrated and this time we have seen that by selling goods worth Rs. 2 crores, neither you nor they were teaching us the same lessons as China, all these things are made by us. Whatever comes in the way of manufacturing is fine, but it is not telling you that brother, buy from there or buy from there, then give a little to India, as they say, wake up customers, wake up Indians, wake up Indians, our government has brains, but the government is openly corrupt.  An independent citizen cannot say anything, I have said anything, you can say it, you can say it all, we can move, we don't have a government, we can speak, we can influence.  If we can, then if we do it like this then the government's hands will be strong because the government wants to do it but the government can't speak. You understand that the government also wants to do it. Big people want to call out. So friend, say this brother, listen. If you give respect, you will get it.  And this useless hero panti of yours will not work, if it works then we are not afraid of you and whatever you want to do, uproot it, keep this attitude then you can call the bluff otherwise forcefully.  Like it did not happen in the old times, someone became a landlord and the rest were bonded laborers, give us a little, they live like this, stop living like this, man, what great shakes they are, nothing is being done there, even there there and there.  They have set up the economy, stock market, everything of their own, and other wise, no country has taken as much debt as America has taken, but they are not afraid because they have printing machines, knock knock knock knock.  Knock, knock, knock, that is what Rahul Gandhi ji says, here, knock, knock, America does the knock, knock, prints notes by pressing them, and the value does not fall, because a gun has been placed on the world's radar to run it, so you all have to understand this.  Like us, we will make one or two things and leave them because this is a sensitive issue. It is too big for me not to become a propagator here, but if it is a small thing,  It is said that no law should be lit, do n't even say a spark, you have to light a small lamp that I have lit it, you spread this lamp and have doubts, don't have visceral trade for China, China is not like this, no, they did this there, they did that, they did this, they did everything  Yes, just keep doing 2000 years throughout your life and America will keep supplying you and then everything will be fine. Even if you don't make friends, Vajpayee ji used to call his neighbors S.A.  Country we can't choose and neighbors, we have to live with them, even if it is useless, we have to persuade, but here you friends are trying to spoil his name because if America has to set China, then it thinks that India  But India has always been independent, what is there in India, no matter how much a person tries to become Chaudhary, it is such a big country, some views come in it, then they see that yes whom can we take.  The biggest thing I am telling you is, check the children of the bureaucrats, you all will meet in America, India, whoever is of age, even 2 years old, has not gone. Look at the big businessmen, they are the grandchildren of even the top businessmen.  They want to be born there so that they can get their citizenship, that country has controlled it so much, I will never advise any Indian to move to America, this thing is very clear to me, stop applying for America's visa. Stop going to America, those so called dreams of America are not there, the education there is very good, their education has gone to hell, that education is not good, they have created the ecosystem there like a rich boys club that you will take it here, no, what, what, what?  The great thing is that he is a Stanford student, after studying at Harvard in youtube4, he works in India and spends his time somewhere in Gurgaon, Bangalore, then what is his benefit to us, what is the benefit to us and if he  The knowledge of two paise in me is actual and hard work. All the slides are beneficial for you. If you are benefited then practical knowledge like me teaches you different things, be it finance, relationships or life. If it is any thing then don't get it first. Let us also make the world an opinion.  We have to become a leader and we have to do it slowly, we have to become subtle, here we can do it by making a lot of noise but we have to do it quietly, don't buy America's products, don't buy anything, America, boycott America.  Tell me, you will buy from us, you don't have a choice, but we will not buy anything from you, we will not come to you, we will not spend dollars, this is 700 billion dollars, it is okay that you have collected it and stop performing the aarti of dollars, it is simple.  Increase your gold reserves. Okay, own gold, own silver, see where silver is going. Follow Russia. Russian bank is now buying silver in large quantity. See where silver is going.  4 Dal is probably touching, has crossed lakhs of rupees, I think it can also date, no advice, but I feel that silver is going after silver, a separate video will be made for silver, how do you guys like it? Tell me in the comment section whether you have understood this thing or not. I like America very much. America has created a world in the last 70 years wherever it has gone and Raita.  Ca n't wrap up, in 2002, America brother went to Afghanistan to remove Taliban, stayed there for 21 years and when he left, he brought down Taliban, why did he go there? If someone asks, because he wanted to taste his own, wanted to try his weapon system. Attack people openly, do live test on people, brother, how will you check the effectiveness of your so ferocious bombs, how many stones break, houses collapse, people die, how does he do all the work?  This is more fun, does anyone have the courage to open his mouth in the world and take up a bigger cause that he is a bad person and by doing that, America has fooled everywhere, America has fooled every country and keeps on fooling. But brother, if the next one has shown his attraction like this then you have to understand and see what you have to make an opinion of America. I say this, don't have a  Positive opinion, this is my recommendation and see their parents, see where they have gone and what they have done. They went to paytam there, that was to me, first they were holding the back of Russia, then you calm down, you are a program of Russia. Gaya went from 8 to how much it was in 89, now it has been 35 years but it is not going to last, then if Russia is there, then it was rubbish, then it found China, then something of China.  If it happens then they will find someone else and by making some bad boy in the world, now China has invested so much, US cannot mess with China anyway, China has bought so much of their debt and if it does then it will become a class of economics in its own.  That's how they like this and they are fooling the world Sara that you do something, it is dirty, it is dirty, I am not asking China to perform Aarti here but I am saying that  You are like this, are n't you? Someone has taught you that this relative is bad and this relative is good and there is no benefit from the good relative and the bad one is not that bad and maybe if you get some benefit from him, then save yourself a little.  Also, as if all these things become of a big level then they will do whatever is shown to them. They attacked us in 62. Yes, they did, so I don't know the whole story of it. Why did you do it, what did you do?  What was happening before that was ahead  No one will come and tell because many skeletons come out of it. So yes, our war happened in 62. How many years have passed? No, then in Galwan, yes, Galwan happened, then what to do next, how to move ahead and America fought with us. Yes.  I will give you the documentation as to what harm he is doing. You all write to me from here if you have any doubt that my friend is sitting one country away and has no borders with anyone, it is like a stick.  There is no spoon in the shikanji, he rotates it like this and they all keep rotating like this and then as soon as there is some peace, he rotates it again, it has nothing to do with it and suppose someone lives there, then he is just rotating.  It is like this, it rotates everywhere everywhere, nothing is known as to why this is happening, meaning India and Pakistan go to talk about peace, our Prime Minister goes to Nawaz Sharif and within five days it happens in Pathankot, so who said, meaning that. Nawaz Sharif ordered in Pakistan  After four days, go to Pathankot and think that the Prime Minister has come, I don't know if they become friends, they went to Nawaz Sharif's house so that the opposition also gets a chance, you had gone there and made friends, then that is prime. What should a minister do? That's the power, many things are not in one's hands. Brother, things are not in the hands of the country because things are done like this, because now who is the power, who is the Illuminati, who is the power that never wants peace because if it happens then it will happen.  Who will ask him, who will ask Fupa ji, America has become the uncle of the world, its uncle should be exposed a little, that is I think is the message and it will come out in such a way that when the citizens will become vocal about the things and you can share this video.  Will do this with people and an opinion will be created, a doubt will be created that if you apply your mind even a little and study, how many examples can be given 150  Examples can be given: 1960, 1970, 1980, when it was being settled here, then where was it coming? Who supported Russia in 1971 or which Seventh Fleet did they send? Look at their track record, what did Henry say to whom and what did they do?  They have been extremely smart for their interest and America works for their interest and it is good and Indians  Should find their interest and work accordingly and be smart. Friendship and enmity should be seen very thoughtfully that who has been fooling you for how many years and whether it is working or not but I am angry about this thing. Buying a drone worth 50000 crores. Even after ordering it, he did not keep quiet, so the man thought that there is a limit, isn't it okay, you have done it, you have become so fond of all the things and whatever, so this is it.  Something like people have to understand that friend, what does this mean, what are you trying to do, you are also ordering from you, if a man is keeping you in good humor with lets, then will you bow down, rub your nose, this Diwali, this is a thing that we are in the country lets. Now call out the bluff of Mr. Sam and just because some of our brothers have gone there to work, have interest or are the children of bureaucrats because there are many people praising them like  Only America will cast some will come, many will come to whip, many will come to whip because there is direct interest, what is mine, my interest is mine, this is what I am saying, on whom I am speaking, where is the company, brother, I too earn dollars, my  So the dollars come from there, but now you are understanding, I am also daring, otherwise you cannot do it, you have sent your children to study, you have got the degree, now you should come or are you still singing its praises, they are not in India. So what is the use of that degree?  If my child is working there then I will sing the praises of America. America will keep everyone's children and everyone is sitting like this that now no one can say anything to America because they kept Korea's children and Korea did not open its mouth.  It is true that someone has taken care of Australia, they have taken care of Pakistan, they have taken care of India, Sri Lanka has taken care of Bangladesh, so whoever is an influential person, who is sending his children to America on the donkey route.  It is sending people to Ivy Colleges to Harvard, Stanford etc. It has some value in India as well. The section here keeps creating a narrative that I have hope in everything. Whoever takes this pledge will take a vow that We have to keep our interests ahead of India and our interests keep wearing. There are no permanent enemies, no friends here and neither should there be any. We have to make the country our own and it's time to do so. We will continue to do so in our local politics now.  After Diwali, we have to concentrate on Maharashtra also, there is danger there too, some of the same stories are coming up and others don't know the syllabus but there will be interesting elections, we will talk about there also after Diwali, but I thought it is important to tell this today.  This Diwali, perhaps it was necessary for us to awaken this insight, so please like the channel, subscribe, share it and do write your opinion in the comment section. Thank you very much.