Hello friends, I want to give two good ideas to the youth. If you understand, then it is okay for you to tell. Be very politically aware, it has become very very important and don't stop at that, wherever you like, any party, any party's ideology or anything.  Also, start becoming political now it is high time and you are needed, I am telling you how those who are listening to me will start becoming political from technical areas, which are very smart, that kind of things.  Youngsters look like run-of-the-mill good guys who are in office. Such people have joined politics in the back end. I am here in the back end of politics. How is he our leader? Jai ho and he is there to spread the rally to get the shock. Brother, if we vote as workers then it is not that and there is much more that I want to tell and this will have to happen and many people are taking advantage of it and there is a lot of money in it, there is no shortage of money with political parties. No  I am telling this about employment and in a way, if you are politically aware, you can understand the issues and explain them, like suppose I am doing a lot of other work but my political awareness is very good, I can support any political party.  I can join comfortably at any level, I can bat for them, I can do it for anyone, I will praise him, the other one is bad, that is a different matter, I have chosen to you, no pick and choose my this. Sometimes I did this thing, sometimes I did it for him, I taught him, I am also earning money in my zone by doing independent work, okay but I am saying that if you have opened a political channel, then brother, there is scope and unlimited opportunity, this is the end. You are coming here just for the views. Do n't think that you are dirty like this, we are the ones who have to fix the politics. You must be watching so many videos here almost daily. Why am I making it so that India can progress at the level of thinking, that is why if you join any political party, if you are a youth or not a youth, brother, you are also a 45-50 person, you can also be a retired person, please.  Come and have an opinion and get into it Don't get into this hate weight thing that I'm that bad This bad which by the way is not you Pragmatic  After this, they have to tighten that to the political party, don't do this misbehavior, don't do this, it is getting bad, this is getting better, so you can also do a good moral work, it is not necessary that all the dirty work is done in politics, brother, they have to do it.  You also have to listen, no political leader wants fools below him, now when fools join, they do n't stay away from him that man, this is also a vote bank, how come but they are looking for young men and women.  Intelligent who can articulate their thoughts well who can be of help to them and can write to them means such a situation has become such that recently there was a tweet by the Prime Minister and he was writing something for Virat Kohli or someone.  It was found out that he was picked up by AI, now that is, look at the lack of talent of the person who is helping at that level, so here I am not speaking for the top leader but I am saying that look at the talent.  There is no and there talent should be ultimate then if you have talent then apply for it, this vacancy will not appear, this is a hidden job market, you will have to enter and search for it and it has genuine earnings, good earnings, it is fun, actually you will feel that  You are bringing some difference in the country and I am speaking positively, I am encouraging you to do good work here, I am coming here to make sixty knots.  For and that one did not say for politics, that politics is already going on and perhaps you will not even be included in it because it is based on caste, religion and who you are, whose and so on. There is no vacancy there but these people are in this space because  Now all the work is like ours, if it is okay then come here and we will tell you everything, then now that old idiot will not be able to come, they need genuine people who are also tax heavy, who understand the youth, who understand the people of today.  And understand today's issues because there is no political party, what will they do with that worker who does not have what is called good manners, cannot communicate in any language and can only say 'Jai Ho', but he is not the same in appearance.  It seems that this fact can bring 50 votes, there are many such workers and there are such cronies of the leaders that the leaders themselves know that after seeing their face, our voters will run away and even more chiptechs have been installed, this is also a breaking news so I am telling you.  This is a high time, there is a chance for all of you and it is a blue ocean opportunity, brother, there are many vacancies here, party as per your wish, I am not influencing the party here, now see which party is richer, you will get more money there, okay  If not then ideology is also something. What is there in idol ji that if you want to do good work then no political party does any wrong work on your face or anything like that, hence you can join any party and do good work there.  But I am also telling you that it is not necessary that it does not mean that I will get good work here, good work anywhere. Good people are needed in every party and the party people also know that we need good genuine people, so any party is there for your father and mother.  If you have a bonfire or if you feel like it or if you get an opportunity, you can join. I have seen many people working for one party and voting for another. I used to ask, how come Guruji says this, profession is important.  Just think that if you work in an AC company, then you will buy AC from that company or TV. If the company you work for sells TV, then you will buy TV from that company. Mobile phone. You can always work in you know one mobile phone.  And this thing and many, I have seen many people who work in a SIM card company and also have a SIM from another company, their private one is government, the official one has to be kept with that one, so it is ok. this check test  I went and counted how many cars are there in the raffle, which means I could not complete it even in such a short time, but that is not to taste the rice or to see once that all these things are there, I know many chefs, I am a foodie, I am fine, I am fine.  -If you are friends with a big chef, then you come home and eat the food prepared by your wife. I said, "Dude, you cook it sometime." He said, " Dude, come there and eat it at home, if you do n't feel like eating it at home, then don't eat." I said, "You eat there."  If  I feel that if I were a chef, I am a foodie, then I would eat only what I had at home, but brother, many people, when they become real, then they do it like this, so datchi politics should be away.  Of course, this is work. Only when you are politically aware, general knowledge will increase. I want to make this channel a medium of money for you people. Don't do it like this here. Every channel of mine, my five channels, gives life to the audience in every channel.  I want to be taken up, not that I came and did something here, why are you, I am telling you these things, Idol ji, here and there, think of a way to tell good and bad, good of the country, good of the people, talk logic, absorb it and join.  I have an offer but it doesn't go away. I will lose my independence and I have to do 50 more tasks. Then what is the problem, brother, if I join someone and take money from him, then there is a problem that it is only him.  You will have to sing praises, otherwise you will face problems, then you will have to tell the person what to do, then it becomes a big stress issue for a person at my stage. Okay, so I want that I am like this but you people.  It can be told to brothers and sisters, please join and tell them that by joining, you are joining BJP as an example, you are electoral bonds, you have money, you will also give it to them.  Cell, I feel that there are a lot of vacancies, now I mean BJP people are losing the narrative like anything, so I feel that they should open vacancies, so if you go there, you will tell me that now they don't talk like this.  We will talk like this, we don't do this old thing, what has got us here will not take us here, this is a simple thing, so I am also telling the BJP people to tell the children, call the disciples of our channel, Guruji.  Apply from Gurugram, brother, come, because you must have seen me in every video or you will see me in the subtle way, I will give advice to BJP, I will give it to Congress too, I will also praise it, anyone bad can be made good, this is the truth of life.  There is no absolute truth, don't think that if BJP and these few top leaders and all these things are going wrong, then son, they are definitely sitting with a plate and here it is no no no, it is not like that, the absolute truth is nothing, absolute.  It's just like people have to be very very intelligent in asking questions. Wherever the leader's focus is and he will run away wherever the vote bank is visible, then the ruling party has to tighten it, but it is not that the opposition is not in power in any state.  They are also in power in many states and there too, they have spread so many evils that it has become such that they are nothing bad, black and white, so you can afford to join anyone. Anybody, I am giving free training here and you can enjoy the party for them. How many people do I know who work in Aam Aadmi Party, in Congress, in BJP too, how many leaders are there themselves, how many are Prashant.  If you look at Kishore ji, it is a politics and a profession, like those people of Godi media, this Rahul Gandhi, politics, hey, Rahul Gandhi ji will do politics and what else will he play cricket, meaning now if you call him like this then it is fun and if you accept it.  These Congress people and this one should take it okay. And let them know that this way of talking is also done. The simple truth is that Rahul Gandhi ji will do politics in everything because just like a doctor will do doctor in everything, chat account will do charter account in everything, it will happen like this and  What will happen is that every person will talk as per his own and will do his own work, this is the work and good politicians are being made. If someone is becoming a good politician, then say, you will do politics, then what to do? They used to roam around, then you did not leave them.  And  If the top leaders roam around, then it means this roaming around, right, what is that ghu, what is the meaning of that, it is like burning a little and it is also fun. The results of these things came out on June 4. Before that, on June 2, they were saying that they were Rahul Gandhi.  If you want, you will go to Italy, then you can see, you will go to Italy, Rahul ji, if you haven't gone to Italy, tell him about it in the comment section, now you can talk like this, okay, so just enjoy whatever you can, it is a different matter that nowadays.  means BJP's time  Poor guy, something is going on that they are having more fun but that time is limited, sometimes it will go for them and sometimes for them, so I am saying that you can always be in this domain, you can make money there is serious. Opportunity work will be taught to you and you can work with your ethics, there is no need to compromise, you say friend, I will talk like this, I will do only like this and if I do something else to me then So I will not get angry. I said yes, it's okay, but do n't answer this thing, but that's all right, no, unemployment, that's all okay, that's what happened at that time, I said, sin happened at that time, now tell me 2024, tell me, not unemployment but 1975.  Yes, a lot has gone wrong with the Kashmiri Pandits. Now let's talk about unemployment. I don't know what about unemployment. That guy runs away from everything, but like this.  Let it not happen, it has happened now, how 1947 partition, how to change the partition, now how should we go, Kashmiri Pandits were a big thing of the failure of government of India, today the government should not have failed, today the government should have been crossed, let's talk about government.  Why should we just say that whatever picture of Kashmiri Pandit has been made, how have they done it?  If ever anything wrong happens to anyone in this country, then the control of law and order lies with the state and central government only. Whose government was there at that time is the one to blame because if law and order is not maintained then you  If you demolish it then anyone will do anything. Now will you go and keep blaming him or not? Brother, he did it. Where was the law and order in the country? Where was the constitution, where was the constitution, wrap that up too. Whose party was it?  What was it, who was there, who supported whom, what were the times, who was the Home Minister, who was who, how and in what manner, then they will not discuss it completely because it does not suit to discuss it completely, it suits only to say that these people did it like this. Yes, he did it wrong, he did it wrong, then what do you want to do now, now we too are like this, this is how they will entrap you, it is justified to make a separate video beyond this, how they will entrap you, always get trapped in the talk, ask anything, Rahul.  Yes, I have gone there but why didn't Rahul ji go to West Bengal? Hey, he will go there too. West Bengal is why Rahul ji did not go because there is a Trimal Congress government there. If anything goes wrong there, Modi ji will not be amorous and Rahul ji's work will go to Moti ji. Have to do, that's why he did not go, is it true? Yes, then who said that nothing wrong happens in Bengal but he did not go? Yes, I am this. Yes, then you just say this question. Have you got the true answer? That is the work of that Rahul ji Modi.  embarrass ji They can do it, now who is stopping you, you also do the same thing, you used to do it too, now you have gone on leave, you are a BJP person, you also do it, find out, there is something wrong, you have come on back foot, you are looting all the bastards, helmets and helmets.  So here comes the politically aware man who is from my channel. Today Guruji's work is the same. Like I had seen an old story in our Chitra Katha that a Guruji was going like this, he was speaking to his disciple and some third child heard it.  I took it that the one who has the brain can become a tycoon from this dead rat, then the whole story was about that rat, he picks it up and goes away, then he gives it to the cat owner, then he gets money from it, then it was a story by doing it like this.  To Hama Hum To Bhi Jyotish Hain Astrologer Hain Hamara To Jyot Jagana Hai Ishwar Ki Ki Bhaiya Bahut Yehan Pe Hai You Can Be A Very Ethical Nice Person And Be A Consultant And Yet Control The Narrative In Favor  Off us ever you are working today I don't work for anyone as a disclaimer but there is money in it I can work, there are many offers but I have to enjoy both sides, then when you take the money of one then there is a problem. Secondly, you cannot call him anything, you can call him more privately, but you cannot say it publicly, but then there are a lot of people who do not come publicly, my brother, they are working in the back end and they are appreciated.  There are more people with brains in the political parties, they are valued more, otherwise brother, this is a good party with 12 crore workers, this party has 1415 crore workers, it is also sitting with 5 crore seven crores, what do you think, everyone's value is value.  It belongs to those who can think and I am saying this today because of what I have seen them now and I have realized that they do not have such great thinking which can become heavy on themselves.  They remain here, they do n't have that much knowledge, because now as powerful as they have become, they are no longer leaders connected to the ground, they don't even know what is happening in the college these days, what struggle the youngster is facing.  That youngster may know more, the professor may also know because he comes every day, the lecturer may know but an officer who is sitting on a position in the electricity department and he does not know what happens in colleges.  If you are not aware then you are a datchi, friend, it is not easy to influence the elders, yes, we are a cultured party, no, we cannot influence the elders, you people who have reached a very high level have influence on youngsters and youngsters on youngsters.  Can do more because he knows it, so learn things from here, I am talking about a job opportunity. How did you like it? Tell me. Share, subscribe to the channel.  Take membership also. Thank you very much.