Hello friends, you must have seen the topic, our work is to give water, what will be found inside, people did not know from this thumbnail of the video, but it will be fun, it will be fun, after watching today's video, I will tell you a lot in a very great way.  There will be learning and you will get to learn a lot in your life. You know what to do in life without crying too much because you cannot control what is happening outside, but how do you respond to it? I am using deliberately the word respond and not react because everyone is reacting. If you are not responding then this is a great example. Look carefully, you are going from one place to another in a car. From the middle of the story, I want to understand you as a human being.  Let's take it, okay Rohit is my favorite character. Story: I was going in a car with my family from one place to another. It was day time. Okay, on the way I came across a deserted road and  Story Car Story On the way, when the road is getting low then they show it by hitting it like this that you have to go from here. Those who have to reduce it in patches on the way, then they go from where the market was kept like this.  It seemed okay, now that I knew, there was a marshy road and an active road and a bit like a mattress from here and was going through a path, when I went ahead I found water and it is slash type, I saw a little bit and the car was good, it was my own car. He took it out and the car got stuck there. Sister, there was a lot of noise and then two or four people came from the story and said, brother, you will have to bring a tractor to pull it out, you will have to pour some water and spend a little money, yes, absolutely, absolutely good, what do you reduce, we say, we are doing water, we do water, we do water. Here we water the water and don't let it dry. Movies would be good. Visualize it in English. Character visualization has to be done. You will have to work a little hard with me. I am not bringing animation here. Now Rohit has a family and thousands of rupees.  Have taken it, he says thanks brother, leaves after doing so, now you tell me what choice does Rohit have, take him out and complain about someone's sombody, this mystifying this way, in fact, more money is being made by doing this and there are too many vehicles here.  There is no caste, should he report to the police, should he stand there and tell the rest of the people who are coming from behind, no brother, don't go here, but did he tell his closest relatives and friends that he is going from date? Place you date place this is what I encounter this is my personal experience be careful maybe they take the place of whole society of the world many people are like this in many situations they are not even letting the water dry up in many places such traps have been spread and  Every time those things are being scratched and I would like to understand this even after the middle of the video, but I can explain this thing by taking another example also, okay.  I will take two-three examples and tell you so that this point can be driven home. Someone should put it in the story from behind a house today and when you are going from the front, then send a fire brigade vehicle. Brother, many years ago, Chhota Put a condom or put a village, anything, there was a geography kingdom, the king next door wanted that thing, now his intelligent advisor told him that if you will direct on this, there were many such people who pierced the people there.  To Started harassing them, typing extortion money, got jealous of their sports welfare, started harassing the powerful people. By doing this, they became victims and became very upset. Then this king sent his letter again and scolded those people like he did not see in the movies.  Earlier it has been shown in the movies that the hero used to have to go to Patna, the girl used to send goons to climb on him, he used to beat them, the girl used to say that examples do not end, so when this king did this, then he came into our lives.  Who is including Raita seems to be throwing the garbage and who is throwing it is not known, but who is picking it up is not known to you, whatever issues are being raised, Jhavi comes which are very manufactured and are meant to instigate attention.  Shiny is intellectual, good is to reduce them, nothing is good or bad, all religions are performing their own karma and religion as per their own, be it politicians, be it rulers, be it a party, be it a person, be it your own.  They are reducing it, is it the caste that has gained power like this, is it a new or maintenance caste or has the system been running like this for thousands of years, there is nothing bad or wrong in it, the middle class is one which is very moralistic, it is like life is going on.  We accept him, he is a middle class person, he should not be the best because you force him to operate on the moral ground, you should know which way to go, which way not to go next time and said brother, if like I  would have been in place of the one he had come to Brother, you are stronger than an entrepreneur instead of getting a tractor, and I will say, why are you asking for a thousand rupees, take this thousand more, tell me, you are stuck with the family and I am saying, next time, do a little better care of the mattress and Make arrangements for some food and drinks here and if the car has broken down to some extent, they are also the people who give concentration and there is someone in it. Now you have to see that this is not a test to fall and  On the contrary, tell me to concentrate less, take food here, take cold drinks also, it is okay and if someone spits in the car, then hire a mechanic to fix that too, sir, set the program, that is also happening.  You are getting all the services, the car will break down, something will get stuck in the car, there is money to take it out, oh brother, we did not know that this can also be reduced, so anything can be done, it is happening everywhere, it is happening everywhere.  this every  It is happening at the level and it is increasing continuously. Earlier only water was poured. Have you ever seen this happening? People use this at many places to prevent tire puncture. Now the car's tire gets punctured, now it is at high speed.  The car was going and it went upside down. There are such foolish people also who make their own 100, 200, 500 punctures. This happens to unfortunate people, but this means it is like this. Now what should I tell you, this happens everywhere in life. People are losing money, they are ready to cause loss of ₹ 100 to others for the benefit of their own money, that is why this is what is happening in politics, in which something bad happens to the country, the future gets spoiled and people's health gets spoiled when the opportunity to earn money does not go away. Jain and so much is being wasted in setting the opportunity Jain narrative just to stay in power. I had made that video earlier also, in my previous episode of 'Power Ke Bade', you can see what I had explained in 'What is Power'.  The one who has to come to power and the one who has to stay, is the one who has the biggest shortcoming. You ca n't blame anyone for doing his own work. The one who has to cut can't tell the butcher, you are not doing it right, he is his name, his name is right.  If I am [ __ ], then all of them are also [ __ ] for themselves. You have to see that the one in front of the butcher is not yours, you are the one who cannot say his [ __ ], shouting, people are moral, I have all the certificates, I have a retirement demand.  is it be  What are people doing now, if this whole thing happens in the supposed legality that the road is being made like this with the public's consent, then now I have given the example very clearly in black and white, but in real life, the thing has to be done great, it is very important to understand. We will have to ask, that is, where is this happening, why is it happening, why are the laws made so complicated that we cannot even know their address, you look at this simple thing, there is one owner of the house, one is the tenant, it is very easy to understand, it is right.  There is talent, speak in English, there is one, they will put such language that brother, the common man cannot register by making his own, there is tax power, someone can become an up, how will the money be made, then who will earn like this, if the income tax return is increasing, then it is increasing.  Disclosures are increasing, everything is going to increase, without a chartered accountant, how can I fill my link, who am I, who is not letting the water dry, who is going to pour the water again and again, there are many who pour water, never  Sukhna wala in your life time and it will remain like this whatever you are listening to, how much our country will progress, we will go into nectar tomorrow, we will have a lot of wealth when there will be a lot and God will do a lot of good but this tribulation will last for many years.  So I want that they can't do this, they can't even say that it's bad, they can't even do that, they have you learn to deal with hair and people like me, come and have fun, first of all I also told that it is very difficult to become a politician. a lot of ground has to be laid  I have done acting and show you guys by subscribing please do it how difficult it is, it takes a lot of effort, so do n't test the politicians, don't hate the politicians but don't sycophant them and don't do that to them, this politician  I do n't know what you have written and under this Chunnu Munnu Pannu Pannu Pannu, whatever actions they are doing, you forgive them all, so it could be anyone of them. It can be anyone, so it is not possible that you will love the top leadership and you will not do anything to those who are misbehaving below at their municipal level because you love their top, it cannot be like this if someone  If your child misbehaves and you like his father, then the child's misbehavior is high, you also pick up the call just because you like his father, then it's okay, you will go and tell his father, right?  Are your children misbehaving or is it, control them a little and if you are not, then do you scold them and dot on them. If you talk about anything, then it does not mean that you are talking about it. I will also tell you about agriculture if you have.  Have you heard that joke? Tell me, do n't we know which one is that Sarkar? It's okay. If you have ever told that joke on YouTube then tell it. If not, if you find it fresh then I will tell you. Otherwise why did you rest for 2 minutes in it?  Okay, so many people are sitting with water, some are sitting with tankers, some have set up pipelines from the river, some are sitting with buckets, all of them are sitting with their own and they all keep their settings and do not let it dry, so now you will see.  Which way do you have to go, which trap do you not get trapped in mental traps? You will have to understand this further as elections come, there will be some element of tribulation which is called entropy or randomness in D. System and those entropy levels will increase. If you remember a little bit of science. If you remember this term, I was in 9th and 10th class. Probably this entropy level will increase after six-seven months. Discussion call level will increase. This is not right, that is not right, what did you do like this? What time did it happen, what did it happen, how did it happen, there will be a discussion on this, we should not even participate or listen to this debate and keep our agenda and remain engaged in it.  D middle class on the message, there is no direct benefit to you, you have to vote, keep watching this, at least once in a while, if something comes, let's fast forward and try it, try it 2x, 3x, let's know a little about that generality, yes, okay.  This is done, that is done, it's okay, there is time to vote, we have to vote and we vote for whomever we want, I do not have any influence on him, in my view I tell you, there is not much difference that anyone can know, I have also voted for power. Made a video of that too, you can link it up and watch it. If you have not seen the episode then please go and watch the episode number. I will put things according to the episode numbers. Further, I will also make a play list so that there can be some grouping of them like this one.  I have told my mother to leave the issue, if ever you follow her in real life from the middle of Twitter, you will do political science very well and you cannot escape from this debate, which is why I created this channel. WhatsApp Group Family Group Job Friends Circle  This is very  There has to be discussion and the date is what I give credit to you politician, if there was no need for me to create a channel, my content is very good and is running on other channels, that too if you do not subscribe, you can subscribe to those channels, but this is why I created it.  Because it is like fast food, children will eat it. When mom comes to know that brother is eating fast food, children have to eat it. They don't have to eat it at all, but they have to eat it, then they start doing things as per their wish, even flour.  Don't let him get the burger, he will come, so that I have created a channel for him, this is my purpose to save you from all this so that you can get very good clarity on every topic and then you will stop wasting your time. Thought process will become butter, your personal life will become butter and you will get full clarity because we are educated people, everything has to be understood, we should understand what is happening and why it is happening and once it is understood then there will be a smile on the face.  So This is a good game, it will come, because there are many games that we play out in our country, after 20 years, 30 years, 40 years, we come to know that this was actually done like this, I will tell you here a little quickly what happened.  Why is this happening and we don't have to get angry at all, there is no need to shout, I have already told in a video that who are the people shouting and what is wrong with them, now I am here in such a teacher.  I will also take a revision test of the first episode so that I can know the engagement level, who is watching the old videos, which program is bad due to which there is frustration and chillum chilli, tell me in the comment area and then those who have not heard it before, then comment.  Whether it is a story or a story in the area, they will get the answer, then they will know that it is okay, this program is bad, okay, next time, do something like this, do it like this, keep smiling, why is he smiling, then forward him the video.  Please watch this one, it's okay, my videos are a response to the devotees, they say, how much is this in response, listen to this, see, this is also a perspective, enjoy, I want first of all, as soon as the video is ending, everyone will make the video longer like this.  Breath is as long as the breath, people forget it only then, there is a lot of stress, take a long breath, watch my video like this, then I will definitely tell you twice to take a long breath, the stress comes out completely, whatever is happening, all this ends.  how is it Share the video and share by subscribing in your personal space those who are your friends and who you think will understand, appreciate and enjoy.