Hello friends, Pooja Khedkar case is a very important issue. It has spread very fast on social media. Many people have discussed it in different ways. My intention will be to discuss through this video some such things which should be discussed more loudly. People had seen my video Pune Paush Kesh Normally I tell after a few days, my peacock does not remain according to the current news when things have become more clear because in the beginning I did not come and make anything, pee, pee, bad, dirty, like this.  After doing it, it is over and it is 72 hours news. I want to ask brothers and sisters, what is this case, how did it happen, why are questions not being asked from UPSC, Pooja Khedkar ji has done what has been done, what has been done.  So there will be investigation, all that will happen, there are two types of things, suppose somewhere in the bank or somewhere in the system, a person commits fraud. Suppose it is okay, then beyond that, there will be a discussion as to who did it by investigating.  But there will be some checks and balances so that this does not happen again and it should also be checked as to how much has been done, so my first demand is that those who have come to IAS on the basis of disability in the last 20 years, there are not many crores of such people.  It is possible because only 180 ISs are made in a year, so in the last 20 years only 3600 ISs have been made, out of which the people with disability quota will be very less, the percentage will be counted, whatever you calculate, it will be counted.  What is this removal of all these related to or what is this related to because there is one Abhishek who left the job and was doing dance dance, he has also taken it, he has become a YouTuber, he too has taken it, then gradually Pandora became very popular. I want to ask this and share it with all the public through subscribers that if Pooja ji had not demanded the office vehicle and everything that happened in Pune because Pune  Whatever happened to the DC Saheb and she lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary, there has been a snowball effect from it. If she had kept her finger on her lips and done her normal work quietly, she would never have come out because every day some new revelations are being made about visual impairment. He was also from the locomotives, this hospital gave him, he gave it, I met him there before that, he is showing the rot of the system, he is showing the rot of the system, that's why he is like us.  So in the same way they say that whoever has enough money, don't put him in these cycles of UPSC. And by the way, now even this UPSC, which is called the number one exam by most, will be considered to have the highest status. If question marks are coming in it too, then we don't know which certificates have been given and the person has gone through reservation. So the people who are not getting it are the same as those who are getting it and the condition of those who are getting it. Watch this, that's why people say that those who are against reservation, although a very good video of mine has been made which will reduce the pain of reservation, it will be released, you guys should watch it, it will be very beneficial, this is a practical video, people imposing reservation are saying.  That the good has not been accomplished yet, those who do not get it say brother, your good has not been done in 80 years, it has not been done in 70 years, how will it be done as good as in 40 years, when if these people like this take away those who have 40 crores, then father they  They are showing their assets, they are showing their assets and then hair is being pulled out in the law and father has written somewhere in the newspaper that there should be an income of 8 lakhs, the asset can be of any amount, so brother asset.  Also put it, friend, they are saying that if a farmer has land and his rates have increased and he is not selling it, then the income is not his, brother, this is a strange thing because we people look at it a lot, the law will work as per the law.  matter  There will be subjudice, this inquiry is also about me coming here to paint someone, I am not doing anything wrong because for me Pooja ji is a human being who happened it is like Pune Porsche case but it should not happen again why did that happen ever some society  I am wrong. If we accept that this is wrong and let us assume that the jury has not been out yet and the result will be known, then is it the fault of only one person that he wanted that I was trying to fulfill all the duties?  was or  Systematic system has failed. AIIMS people have repeatedly told me to come for medical checkup to find out if you have got disability then who all are in the system who were sleeping. This blame can fall on many people. It seems that the media has now become a little aware. After the results of the elections, it has become clear to the media that our soil is going to be destroyed. We do not do any good work in front of the public, so it is okay.  Very  Anchors and different things, see, like now I am discussing this through this channel, but no one here is turning on this issue by pretending to be a moral science that I am fighting this, I am not fighting at all.  As for me, I am discussing over tea, sitting comfortably, the audience of my channel has a different thought process, but the media, Hindi news channel, English news channel anchors, all of them will show that it is we who are fighting, this is their side only.  it will happen but  The system's will be to tire him out and some more news will come, as soon as some more news comes, by then he will be a stick, then something will have to be done by dismissing him or something like this will be done. Matter, I am saying that we should only worship him.  But if something wrong is found out then one should not be satisfied with the action taken, whatever action will be taken, technically we cannot blame anyone right now because things have come to light, there will be an inquiry, we can even go to the court, if there is any investigation then we will not.  You can tell but prima facie this has become an issue or there is no doubt about it, so what I am saying is that can one person be at fault in this issue, just like the paper gets leaked or if there are so many issues then the paper  The one who is giving money by leaking is the one who is at fault. The one who is doing it is the one who is at fault or someone wrote it in the beginning, there is a chain that emerges, no one person, nothing ever happens, there is a chain everywhere, the system is being disrupted. just adjusted this  Talks are also coming up that a scribe was also used, the one who writes that if you have visual impairment then you write my answer, I always used to think about the scribe, I still think that why should I write any other answer?  There is no system with Braille script. No, I am not so much impaired that if I need Braille script, I can hire a good boy who can read five or seven times.  I was trying and I may not have been able to get it and if his marks come and I also get the quota, then with those marks I will pass, this is an idea and about disability also I am saying that there is a need for a certificate in disability. What is such a disability, according to me, someone should give it, which is visible, for which there is no need to ask anyone because someone from somewhere inside here has given the certificate of nerves and he is dancing like Abhishek wala.  You see the case, he is dancing, he is appearing in the pictures, he is doing modeling with all the models, he is absolutely fit, many people have talked about this disability, it is 20 years old, I must have told you, there will not be many cases, check.  These are the people who are connected to the system, these are the ones who will come out the most, check it and look at the disability he brought in the next years, a good thing has happened because of this, look at the young IAS officers especially, we cannot paint everyone, such a big IAS.  It is so difficult to become an officer and so many countries have been running this way for so many years. We do not discuss how we are running them or not. We do and have done many good things. We cannot paint everyone like this but brother, these days, in the last two years  This is what has been happening for the past four years in the coaching academy, this profile of the father and mother has started getting removed. This has had a good effect because now people have started looking at people as if scrutiny is coming and whether there are jobs or not, all the people say that this is because of the certificate.  how did it go Now many people have started getting these complaints and after getting compiled, this Pandora's box can burst anywhere, that is why even the Congress people are not opening their mouths, otherwise this is such a good thing about the opposition, I am trying to humiliate the opposition. See this case has happened in Maharashtra, why are the Congress soldiers not opening up to the opposition? Why are they not opening up in opposition at the national level? They are open in everything, no matter what happens. Supriya ji is so wonderful, is n't she the Congress spokesperson? This is the advantage for people like us when we do n't eat anyone's bread and can insult anyone. Brother, the government is not saying anything for what ever reasons. It is okay even a people's government is there, DOPT center is this but these are many things.  It has happened earlier too, different from Chhattisgarh, Rahata is coming out, the previous CM is not of this one, but of the previous one, it is coming out that this was the anger among the people, there is a lot of anger among the people about the jobs.  By doing things like this and these, we are failing in government jobs, hey, there are leaks in the job of a leather worker, there is a leak in the job of a constable, and now you have not left anything, then there is no merit in this country, there are people from outside.  You are watching, now you tell me whether the aura of every IAS officer will fall or not after knowing this, it will feel like this. Well friend, you people also get selected like this, otherwise the status used to be very high in the society.  That friend of UPSC exam, preparing for UPSC is considered an employment in itself. What is the boy doing, what is the girl doing? Preparing for UPSC means it becomes respect. Brother is preparing for UPSC because brother can be arrested at any time, Collector sir.  If you can, then talk to them with some civility, if a thing with such status has been reduced to this condition, then it is the duty of the government and DOPT to come and tell the public in full about it.  That it should be solved quickly, that is not enough, you should first get the investigation done which AIIMS was requesting for so long that if we have to do the investigation, then please do the investigation, please take it out and tell us and look at these certificates, all the political castes and  The condition of the country has come on reservation, now the condition has become like this, I should not go out of my country, I should not go, those videos will also come on many channels, many takes, I am also changing because if the environment in the society changes, things will change.  If there is a change, then my take on this is that I request all the subscribers with folded hands, don't make it about that individual only yes individual, if the individual has done something then that is what is under the law and rules.  Under regulation, that will definitely happen, but in a larger systemic situation, a single person can pull off anything, there are a lot of checks and balances in between.  So, I have all failed, it's been two years now brother, which one is 2022? It's 24th July, when is this selection process and before that too, please tell me, he is a lawyer by the name of Jai Deepak ji, it's enough, he is a well-known name.  They are also associated, they also have to come and give an explanation that I had fought their case but not this one, I had fought the one with Omar Sheet, I had fought this one, so I have to give like this.  What I am trying to say is that those who can afford them are very famous lawyers, brother, they are such people who are fighting the case for you, so you mean, they are very resourceful and they will still fight the case in my opinion. Many people are coming and the law also means that loopholes are being taken advantage of everywhere that if there is an income of Rs 8 lakh then there are assets, there is no income, we have assets worth Rs 40 crore, if we have assets worth Rs 40 crore then we will also give return on Rs 1. If the cash flow becomes 40 lakhs, if you give % then it also becomes 20 lakhs. If you give it at 25% then it becomes 10 lakhs. And if father was also a government officer, then brother, he would also be getting pension. How did he take advantage of the technology somewhere?  It is not that pension was coming. Yes, Rs 98000 is less than 8 lakhs. How did it happen to me? We have to discuss on this that how they have been able to do it who all have. How are the checks done in the contributed and system? How is the reason to come and tell at what level the certificates are checked? Can any government hospital give it to anyone or they will check it themselves at the time of recruitment and if you do not check it yourself then you will continue your training. Why did you send me there to Pune for training? You should have said that brother, listen, if you have not come here and taken the test, then you are not sure and you are bound to come here.  End test is not that today I have passed the test and my training has also started, so here we have to raise questions on this one and through this video I want to raise questions on that here only by doing these  There will be no benefit in quitting, bigger issues will have to be raised, I have all failed, because if you are failing like this, then brother, you will distribute 10 lakh children among 180 seats like this.  They are idiots who prepare for the exam from morning till evening, bring the certificate by any means, you are just looking at the reservation, what are the issues, it is not just that I am getting it and I am not getting it, the one who is getting it is also not getting it.  Being able to get it because it is not someone else's right but if you did not deserve it, you submitted the wrong certificate of disability, then the one who was submitting the actual certificate was the one whose actual one was.  He had a disability and his marks were two less than yours. If he remained then please share this video, like it and subscribe the channel. Thank you very much.