Hello friends, If you can't have it, Hate It Mindset of the Middle Class Disc, you will enjoy it a lot, why I put it on this channel because it is a social cause, I have put it on this channel, trigger why it is made real at in Gurgaon, if you guys follow.  If we follow Real Eight in Gurugram, there is a bull run going on and luxury projects are coming up there, four CR, five CR, six and seven types are coming up and things are in the hands of the middle class.  A lot of people who follow me on social media are surprised and it is coming out, who is buying it, who will take it, it will fall down, it is useless, it is like this, it has triggered this video, but I am very big.  I will calmly tell you about the historical phenomenon of today, not that we have reached here, today we are talking about these things, but we, I will go 3035 years ago, I will go 3035 years ago, let's say, let's go to.  90's, early 90's and even before that, late 80's, when Ramayana and Mahabharata used to come, okay, color TV was new at that time, but only rich people could buy color TV, so there was a narrative of the middle class that those who watch color TV. Glasses get stuck in their eyes and if the child of a color TV owner had glasses covered, then the poster would be like, look, we have said that I have analyzed the mindset very well at the thought process level.  I am doing this and it gives a lot of relief in my videos that learning is about opening your barriers because you have to progress in life, you have to go towards peace, you have to go towards happiness, you have to go towards all these, you have to go towards this. You will have to understand the thought processes. No one is creating this kind of content. Happiness course is my first class intro class. First class is on Sunday, December 1. So, those who want to enroll in my happiness course, h2 me. WhatsApp2 class itself is a super hit but now the actual class is on the first one, you will get the recordings, so definitely do them, then let's start, it used to be like a TV, it was said about AC that if you stay in AC, your immunity will get spoiled.  It will happen and one should stay outside, one should stay in the cooler and the body gets spoiled even today if there are some elderly people and AC has now come in all the houses in the middle class but if AC is used more then they say no more is better.  No, this is not oxygen. No, there is always some story, there is always some story, so this is one thing that is the phenomenon of if you can't have it, hate it, like there will be many eye hitters these days, i 15 has come, okay, come hate it. For what ever reasons, what ever Sara, I am not saying that there is a reason because we can't buy it, we hit only then, but like everything has one hitters, like, personally speaking, I am also a hitter.  I am not a fan of i because I do n't understand its functionality. That style looks very strong but if you do that work then you would not understand many things. Same thing happens behind the car too. Sometimes what happens is that you can't buy a car, so it's okay.  Then how many videos are there beyond that, this is the waste of financial influencers, don't do it like this, do SIP, do mutual fund, it will become Rs 100 crore, that car will take you like this, not reliving people.  Not reassuring that the car they are buying worth Rs 1.5 crore is not middle class, they will have Rs 100,150,200,500 thousand crores. The things that are being taken from their nobody's even calculations are their percentage of total wealth, net worth or income.  What a formula, no one is following it. The middle class is getting irritated by those things which the middle class cannot buy. You have to understand this hate.  Why does this hate come? Because I will tell you, the middle class will never hate Golgappa made from dirty water which is being sold somewhere because they can buy it and they don't even have any hobby like this, nor do they have a lot of love for it.  The middle class will not hate the food and drink. The middle class will not hate. Now that winter is coming, we have started getting clothes which have the names of entire brands written on them, which are normally available.  7 8 10 12 These come for Rs 15000 but you will get them for Rs 1200 1500 800 900 on ready pay somewhere, they know these are from Ludhiana Hosiery, it is Jugaad from somewhere and they say then it is the mother's ass, it is good, take a photo even if it is the same. Now the person who is going to clean your car is also wearing these clothes, but the middle class here will not say that because it is on  A thing worth 6 crores is coming, a thing worth 5 crores is coming, this is useless, not good, hey, beware of wrong things, never get a Louis Vuitton bag worth one and a half lakh rupees, then someone says, be aware of this Louis Vuitton bag.  This is coming to the tune of ₹ lakh, why don't you take it brother because you probably don't want to take it. The middle class probably doesn't have that much hatred but the households are such that everyone has aspirations and those who are going to take it may mostly be like the people of Delhi.  Let me give you the example of Gurgaon. Have they got something in inheritance? Which one did they go and earn? There was a floor in Delhi which was sold. It was shared by two brothers. Whatever came in the share of one can buy it in Gurgaon. In Delhi, by selling the property of Delhi, the one whose two brothers got the share can buy it in Gurgaon. Or if it is divided into three parts, then nothing is going to come to Delhi, so those people are taking it, now those who are not able to take it are crying and those who are not able to take it, look, I am not just talking about real estate, I  I am talking about mindset because if you want to see things specific to real estate, then I have a very separate channel, Exclusive Sango Real Estate, I will also give its link, subscribe to that too, there is only real estate awareness and all that stuff.  But coming back to this, there is a mindset, why the washing machine came in the beginning, the washing machine made the clothes like this, any thing comes which is out of the budget, not everyone can buy it or if rich people live then they are middle class.  She creates a level of hate towards him and those people connect, earlier when this used to happen in the 90s, it was done through word of mouth, there were no platforms to connect, what are the platforms now to connect, WhatsApp's has come, so it uses more oil and This is global warming, this is a bad thing, they are not segregating their own waste, they probably don't even have a system to segregate, this is wet, this is dry, this is  What should be done is this organic with recycling power, green and blue and the boxes that come in it are nothing, I do n't know how much dirt they spread, but yes, these cheap Chinese goods are bought again and again and the waste is generated.  Whether it is an electronic item, e-waste or any other plastic waste, it has nothing to do with it, there will never be any hate raid towards it, there will never be any spread towards it that why should we take this, but we will not be able to take any thing, it will be very harsh towards us.  big hat red it This phenomenon seems to be emerging. I will explain this phenomenon in a very good way in my happiness course, how you should come out of it and what will be the benefits after coming out and that is the biggest hidden secret which the middle class has learned wrongly from the rich class.  Have you learned it wrong? Well, the rich class does not teach itself, but sometimes what happens is that after seeing something, we interpret what is the thing that will make the middle class poor, that which will not remain in the middle class.  They have learned wrong from the rich class. What is wrong learned from the rich class is very important but if you suppose through this video, how much do you agree that yes middle class suffers from this, I take some high moral ground or some moral science.  I am not saying this as a teacher, but this is not taking us anywhere, this thing is not progressing because hate comes only where there is desire, like I said, where there is no desire, which is easily accessible.  There is no hate, be it clothes, you are getting them at cheap prices, be it Golgappas or food, whatever things you are getting in life, if something is happening somewhere, then it is there, there is nothing, hate is only in those places where  I am not able to find things like for example, if you or I, I will not target the middle class alone but the butt like men and men, today girls are beautiful girls, polite girls, working girls. Girls who play with their mothers, girls with dimples on left cheek, boys are not getting it and the desire is very high, there too you will see a phenomenon of hate going on, gender hate which is called section 498, girls are worthless, everyone is greedy. All of them are like this, they don't know what they want, they keep making boyfriends, keep breaking hearts, keep doing this, all this is also a big misconception and more than that This is the planet where boys and youngsters are not progressing. I am opening these one of the classes in Happiness Course. All the recordings. You will get it is the iconic course A2. You will get to learn a lot and you can also become a consultant. Please spread this awareness and how angry we are that this mindset has come into the middle class of forcibly hating things and they are not getting any benefit from it.  But the hatred is forced that friend, he is doing something good, he is coming home, I ca n't buy, he is spoiling, this is happening, that is happening, so do you also travel a little with this mindset, you are the identification keeper.  We do not belong to the society, no, the middle class is very settled, educated and settled, not at all bitter, not even the slightest bit frustrated and does not have any desire for aspirations, absolutely moving towards salvation and very  Great, if you feel like this, then write like this and if you feel like what I am saying, then tell me, Guruji, you are absolutely right. You say this, we also travel like this or identify or my  I see such phenomena playing out around me so that this issue seems to me that it is not only me who is having dreams or the people who take consultation along with me, where my getting up, sitting, my observation, my going and coming, I am the one who is watching and the others.  So  It is possible that no one is watching, so please do give feedback on this channel. If you please complete the feedback, it will be very good. This is a unique channel, no one is raising such social issues, everyone raises different types of issues, people of moral science.  That 's not mine, that's what we have to do to impact life. The one who talks about the middle class, youtube4, who used the middle class throughout his life, Sutra Clarity for Youth, the rest of me, two and a half of youtube1.  There are 30 million subscribers, they have also copied the content but what is the problem, now they have copied it, now they do not talk again because what is happening here, I am writing a big book, I am taking the middle class to a destination, one of my  If the destination of the journey and the entire path is clear, then if they come in between, they will pick up my content but then they will become silent because they do not know anything further, I will repeat 500 Hajj again and again.  I will make videos and want to wake up the middle class. I want to wake up the Indian middle class because no one is talking about the middle class because everything is taken for granted. It is either about the poor or about the rich.  It is seen or talked about the poor and the middle class is the one who is itself consuming this content which is for poor people and they are not poor.  If she is hating the middle class or the rich or is hitting on their things, then there is very limited content for those who are in between. This is my audience's core audience and you are liking my content like this.  So please tell me, subscribe the channel, share it on groups, like the comment section and those who want to enroll in Happiness Course 2 can h2 me.