Hello friends, D. Importance of Story Teller, many times we would say this, he is telling such a story but I bill it as just Importance of Story Teller. In today's system, we see that the current time is going on like elections are about to come, you know.  There are two people among us, between whom this election will be imposed. One of the two has to oppose the other, but you tell me which one is going to be the story of that time, we will do this, we want to do this, we have done this in the future.  It may not happen like that, it may not happen, do this, do that, now it is a different thing that when you listen to 100 stories, then all the stories do not come out true, there is no saree, there is no fun in everything, but at the list, the story is giving your other side. Please tell me, so when I am making this video here, my aim here is not to promote any one side, mine is for the other side, Jagan, listen brother, your story is not good, yours is not this, yours is not that good. Not only yours, it is not good there, it is not good like this, it is also yours, tell me something, which is the programme, which further program are you planning to do, what are you planning to do, is it there and how will you be able to do it, you have the meaning, it will remain like that.  K numbers, if you don't message this thing then it is tight, it is fun to watch such matches and give D best day tomorrow D best ideology D best think whatever is the order of public Janardan will happen but this is the meaning from one side only this meaning  level of debate  This means that as you say to him, if you are not a batsman and this bowler is a bowler, then this bowler is not challenging him, give him sixes, he is hitting sixes, he is hitting sixes, story on whose  He is also hitting sixes but the quality of his bowling is also nothing, so whatever stories you tell, only that will show in your life and hope is what has made you less, hope is what sells, hopelessness never sells you.  Kant Kap Leo This is bad, this is bad, there are 10,000 things but they will get better in the future, then there is hope inside, and only that happens but it gets played, the whole life is like this, whatever you want, that husband, that father, that man.  That person is the head of the house, the one who is ahead in the family, keep the hope that yes, the car will come, we will buy the big one, we will go to the new movie, no, we will go around, we will go around, we will play like this, sometimes you are not able to do it, sometimes you say, I will go abroad but you will go to Goa.  hard to go  It is fine but you travel less than Udaipur but we fear the story, even the story is afraid of any person, Neeraj, if someone is living such a life that brother, no one can go to the story, no one can wear good clothes, what do they say? Na, that song is also one, Mera time aayega to mera time aayega, I am giving myself that hope, so in this way, when there is a leader, he has to give hope, he cannot go without hope and there is a particular one which is from that time.  something in the name of hope  They do n't even have a syllabus, they say, if someone else says, "Come on brother, it's okay, I am late, listen to you also, I am late for 5-10 minutes, what do you have to do, Shivaay, I mean, that brother-in-law of a very childish level is distributing this nothing for free."  You are also distributing it for free, Naripatta is going at this level only, so when you listen to the story, you do not have to take it lightly, you have to see that the story that is being told to you is being sung, then it is a story.  But that story is the hope of many people's life and the voting bill should happen on and that off course, the dreams that are shown and explained are told, those who take their dreams in their personal life also, I have brought this bill, achieve this, are all those fulfilled?  You find yourself that life was yours, it was in your hands, it was your hard work, it was your aspirations, your goals were yours, the streets were yours, but are you able to achieve them completely, whether you are a student or not? You  Whether you are an investor or you are in a relationship, we think that it will happen like this here in Haryana too, there is a saying that marriage songs are not all songs during the wedding, do not turn off, you are but date and mean date, wedding is happening and  Devar bill b no songs just because de bill don't turn off tu b true it's wedding it's wedding season to songs bill b song kasme waad a bill b  Donation is fine, I will do it like this, I will live with you like this, I will not go to my parents' house, those crows who lie, all the things that are happening in their lives will happen now, observe during the election time, the brother who is not even promising the story, what will he do?  Then why don't you listen, why do n't you tell exactly what you will do to make it happen, so now from my old video, I am telling here some things and history, I have given some things which are low hanging fruit.  With whom this can be done, can you see those things from the medium of Twitter, from the medium of WhatsApp, from the medium of social media, can we be successful in putting them in those manufactured? Then it will fly like dust, then no one will listen to anyone, then everyone will be on the side of poor people only because they have to do vote bank, now is the time for the middle class to listen, September October November, after Diwali, then  that last last  It will seem that in the last life, the setting here should be the setting there, this is the time when people are also thinking about them, both are thinking about the fairies, both are ready to listen to the fairies, the fierce war has not started yet and that conflict is about to happen.  Before telling us, tell us like this, brother, we are so many middle class people, we also have some desires, please look into it, please, what will you guys do, what will we send from the middle of this video, what are the different histories that I have just given in my video? will do  please share this thing thank you