Hello friends, The One Who Controls the Narrative will do very well in today's time. It can also be seen by linking it to politics, but in general life, one thing you will get to learn is the narrative i.e. which is a long story if you translate it in Hindi. Narrative is there even inside homes, it is also there in families, it is also there in your work place, it is there in your politics, it is there in the country, it is there in business, in advertising, in sales, in marketing, it is there everywhere that brother, the story you heard. How much power is there in his story and how many people are ready to believe that story that brother, by applying this cream, you will become fair, if you are ready to believe then he has created a narrative or inside the house, mother creates a narrative, I have come, there is a lot of torture.  What happened to me and what happens in that narrative, whenever a narrative is made, you have to understand that it is not that if it is made on lies then there is truth in it, it is true and because if it is made only on lies then those lies are  so quickly You can break that narrative by holding on to it. The problem lies in those stories which are mostly true but at some points something convenient is added to them, they are dangerous and the ones who make the narrative real are the ones who are experts in anything. And those focusing logic will take you to things that ca n't be found in easily verifiable language. That kind of is okay, so what is narrative? Narrative is a big  The thing is that this story from here is the stories of many stories, small stories in between, now there are some stories in it, you have added verifiability in between, you have never concentrated on the tadka, you have added dates, timings and facts which can be checked by melting them, check.  Do it, check it, they do it, they do it on YouTube too, these fools do it on YouTube too, they do it on YouTube even while sitting outside, they are inside the country too, it is done by the opposition or the ruling party, everyone does it.  The one who does it in a better way, the one who is not caught, the one whose innocence is too much, it becomes a matter of him, only this many people will be telling that this is a lie, this is a lie, this is not right, this is wrong, they are the same people.  Is it wrong that India got independence in this year No? Is it wrong that this happened at this time Otherwise this happened So if 100 things have been said in this thing and we have told 50 then it is right.  The remaining 50 will also be correct. Because who has the time to sit and explain each and every thing, write the context, narrate its stories, debate, who has the time, all on one stage, like us, those who understand things can only smile, yes, it's okay, I am getting to know that  What is happening, who is doing what, doing things selectively, in mental models this is called focusing illusion or some confirmation bias things are done or depending on what you want to perceive for  For example, if you get the benefit of reservation and you get a job in the government, then you would like to listen to the narrative that suits you that yes, a lot of atrocities have happened, it has happened for the last 5000-100 thousand years and this will continue till this atrocities does not end.  Will be an athlete for 50 years, it won't happen anymore, that means if I get it, the one who is not getting it, he will want to hear a different narrative that my parents had got me done, I do n't know who did what to me. I have made a mistake and you all will make a mistake and it is a meritorious thing, I am not saying that it is wrong or bad, it will happen like this because it is natural, but when we have to make decisions in life, we have to consider all these things.  To see through, to do or not to do, brothers and sisters, do you tell me, is whatever is happening in your life the same truth? Is it the complete truth that the things which you see with your eyes, because nowadays it is the era of AI, what is seen by the eyes is seen by the ears.  You can't even believe what you heard, you have to understand and see it at the brain level. And time of story is tellers who tell great stories and there is no need to give any pity to the one who is not able to tell the story. If your  There is no false story, there is no alternate story, there is no comparison story and if a person has it, then people will go to the person who has a comparing story. This is the truth of life when it is a party or a gossip in the locality. so which is the best  To whom is he narrating the story? People go there and sit more. The one who has more meaning is imparting his knowledge in a different way. If others are not getting interested then no one will come there.  People will go only where they feel that something exciting is about to happen and whether it is true or false, listen to the story, three or four out of 10 become true, two or four, you can make it true even by working hard, two, four.  won't happen, after that you can  Yes brother, I mean it was done like this for example, I am telling you, it is okay to say like this, 400 par is fine, just a few years ago someone said in Haryana elections, 75 par is fine, then 75 is fine, CTI is 40, then someone went and asked, is it fine and so on.  What I like about this politician, I am really not a stickler but a big Vinam, I am speaking to him and said, 'Man, we had given this target to our workers, we had given it to the workers that  Yes, bring so many, if you tell your child 90 par means 90 but 95 par, this time in Hindi, 95 par in Math, 95 par, you are giving a target, it will not mean that you are giving a target, but what narrative does that create?  How does the morale of the rest of the people go down after hearing from him that he is not asking about 400 seats, which party will contest maybe on 406 or 420 seats?  Crossing 400 means but many people are like this, see in reality in life, even if a second voter falls on the narrative and comes to vote thinking that man, I can't vote for him and now crossing 400.  And that happened in Haryana, 2-4 per vote bank did not go even thinking that people are going beyond 75 and go and vote in that number, then this is very intelligent politics which is at the narrative country level. America will do a lot of work by telling good stories even at the world level. Climate war will be like this. The world will become like this. That too was just a narrative, that Saddam Hussein had to do something like this, George.  Bush said yes, we have weapons of mass destruction, we did it, then it was done, if we did not get it, then it will be seen, it will be seen, it will be seen, this work is very effective, don't do it once, tell any story, let them respect us. Russia has to attack Ukraine by insulting it badly. Put any narrative to counter it. If you put a counter to it, there are too many narratives going on. We cannot escape from the narrative. We have to enter the narrative and see the narrative of every person. What is my agenda? Like, my only narrative is this. Can I have many agendas? Am I a supporter of any party or an anti-party? This will be my first thinking and second thought. Maybe I really want to awaken the intelligence and conscience of our innocent people. Maybe this is second order thinking. Third fear is thinking that nothing is like that. I have my own emotions and feelings. I come and share them with you all. I do it, that's all, I share it through video, the video also goes viral, you people like it, it's better than watching IPL, to have toxic fights in the park, to have idol jiggle war with him.  This is also a good thing, maybe if there is a reason, then every person will have a reason behind making some narrative, including mother who makes the narrative in the house, uncle ji has to come or not has to come, there will be respect, there will be respect, mother-in-law starts making it already.  If you are talking to your sister-in-law a little lovingly, it means that a relative of your mother-in-law is coming so that she can behave in front of them or you have to create a narrative for your sister-in-law or the narrative is created for that boy, see, this is how it happened.  Well, it happened that your mother did it like this, she did it like that, she has to go somewhere, she has to go, everyone has their own story, these days small children have learned to make narratives, nowadays small means two, two, three, three year olds say Bhoomika, I don't know Bhoomika, I don't know Bhoomika. The Correct Translation Anybody Who Got Better Hindi Can Tell Atlee Narrative Ka Kya Woh Karenge Okay To Every Buddy Does It You Also Do It You're Part Of It Some Times You Face It  Sometimes in this narrative you are the audience, sometimes you do the narrative. Even in the office you must have seen a person saying that I do the most work, I worry the most, I mention that concern about work.  It's okay whether I work or not, I don't care and the thing I mention the most is the narrative that I am very ambitious, I do n't know how to do anything, but the narrative has been created well that I want promotion.  I am ambitious, I am hardworking, I am also a greedy person and I am everything like this, but on the basis of narration, many people achieve a lot of things, sometimes what happens is the narrative is such that a lot of people can see through it and  People do see through it and then what happens is you feel that oh it will flop but then that smart person can be anybody.  The audience finds a new one, now it will take time again, the old one has come to know what the game is, only then you can watch it, there are big YouTubers, there are very big YouTubers, there are many leaders, there are many people, they have an expiry date.  That after that R is not added again, he starts to realize that love is totally under the agenda and as they say in our language in Haryana, he lags behind very badly. Pendant Thinker I Will Never Ever Say Sound Neutral People That Know You Should Be Know You Cannot Be Neutral In These Times It Has To Be Either This And That In Those Times But You Can Be Independent That Whatever The Thought Process Is Is My Own Thought Process And That From My Logical Thoughts I Feel So And With Times That Thought Process Can Change With New Developments You  Kant, see, people say this in thought process and narrative that friend, tell me one thing, if you love someone then there should never be a divorce, there will be marriage, there will always be love, but divorce also happens, why does it happen, earlier there was love, now there is love. No, but in political idol ji, people expect supporters in political parties, who are blind devotees of anyone. What do they say that once you are here, you are now my friend, this is the feeling wife and  Keep the work of seven births for the husband, don't keep it for the politician, this is the narrative, they all tell such stories, give you sweet pills, eat their sweet pills, it is okay, but you should know that you are being fed pills and what is happening to you.  There is no need to be so enamored with each other, there is no need to do so much clapping, that is the message again and again that our country is like a pressure cooker city, whenever I work to bring something out.  In my videos, I repeatedly say that you have to vote for whomever you want, our job is not to influence your vote, our job is that you must vote, you must vote for whomever you want, the voting percentage should be very high in the country.  You should go within the 90s, but don't become so sentimental about it, it won't make much difference if you go deep inside, you will be worried. You know, as the country becomes intelligent, this will happen. Politicians will have to change the narrative, first they used to tell about the 8 major poverty in Bihar and that this is the caste which eats rats and make them talk like this, all this will stop happening now because the level of poverty has reduced, I am not saying this.  Poverty in India has decreased, it has increased a lot, but the level of extreme poverty has ended, so there is no talk of that level, it is of a different level, that is, the narrative will keep changing, so it is our job.  Be it government officials, be it state government, be it politicians, be it our favorite leaders or even those who are not our favorite leaders, it is okay to get them to set the narrative for your work like education, health, mental health, sexual health, mental and sexual health, see both, health is. Related with sexual health Mental health is even more Related with sexual health No one is making the narrative of mental health and sexual health No one is talking Sharma shy  I am not doing it or more than half of the leaders who are in dominant positions are probably beyond this thing, so maybe they would be ashamed of the word I will not say but I may not give identification is fine but we will have to put an agenda which is ours.  Women are leaders, okay athlete, hold on to that because you are a woman, sensitive about women's welfare and all this because sexual health is irrelevant of gender, it's not about  It is only males, it is male and female and it affects the family, it affects the emotions, so we will set the narrative. Which narrative do you want to create through my videos, beyond which we can talk in a relevant manner and together we  Let us also create our own narrative. In independent India, why do n't we, the common public, have the right to have our own narrative or will we just keep voting in their narrative?  Brothers and sisters, let this one happen, let this one happen, whether this is done right or not, this is done right, these 24 hours, you have to take votes in the elections, take one in the assembly, take one in the Lok Sabha, take one half brother while roaming around the village, take each one.  It is okay to take votes on something and you are not even taking it. You are not even telling who is giving and who is getting. Just like this, this is right, this is good, this did not happen earlier, this did not happen like this, this did not happen like this.  No, look at it, you can do a rock feller.  There was a person who was the richest man in the world. 1930 is fine. Check it. It was less than 100 years ago and he who was the richest man in the world. Most of us are in the middle class. Even some people in the lower class are staying if they become progress. By the way.  The human society will also be the same; we are living better than the one who was the richest man in the world less than 100 years ago because of the generality of the world. Now you are listening to me sitting at home through this video. Yes, what was the scope earlier? Earlier, you had to be an actor in TV or you were a big person, only then you could send a message to someone. Nowadays, you can open a small channel of your own and talk about your work, that is how the world progressed.  Now you will tell him in actual that look, the progress will be so much, I should claim it all, no, that claim cannot happen, that narrative will be wrong, according to me, we will have to see through it, so be a little intellectual. This is a level channel, for those who know how to give feedback, it comes in the comment section, please request brother, stay on the same channel, it is not necessary that if you feel pain in something, then it is necessary to come to the same party where the food is being served.  You don't like it, sometimes people enjoy the way it happens, it is okay that paint is being painted somewhere, there is a smell in the paint, some are fine, some do n't like it, some like it, and many say that  doesn't look good but Even if you have to go and smell it again and again, if you do n't like it, then why are you coming here again and again? I am telling you as an example. It is my habit to tell you as a practical example so that you can understand, brother, don't comment on things that you don't understand.  Do it okay, don't come and enjoy more, then please write in the comment section that you enjoy and like and share. Thank you very much.