Hello friends, today we will discuss about family and politics. Normally, whenever family is discussed in the context of Indian politics, the word family is used more than family, today I will talk more about familyism than familyism, on family, on family and I will try to show this.  That we are headed in the right direction, as far as this word is concerned, family is being used very loosely, you are my family, I am your family, we all are family, it should not be said that family is only family. In which there are blood relations, forcibly making people a family is a part of identity politics. You cannot say that you did not get married, if you did not get married, then you did not have children, then you moved on to some other place in life and then you remembered the family.  Then people become your family, no one becomes anyone's family, the challenge today is that the family remains a family, that is a very big thing. I am a social observer or an observer who talks like this in the 21st century.  There are no people to speak because either the thing becomes a very political issue or people go to their own tune, so this channel is for intellectuals, try to understand what the poet is trying to say, if you are in America.  If you see, whenever there are elections there, the family is shown, whatever is the family of the President, such a family is gathered, the first lady, two children are put forward, after taking the name, see what is the status of the President from the beginning, whenever your votes  He is also the President because for him family has great value. The Same Thing I Can Say Just as the British are concerned with their monarchy or their Prime Ministers, the importance of family has been understood by those societies where the value of family is very high.  It is more because if there is no family living then its value is very high. In India, after so many years of independence, living alone is considered good in political discourse and in public office because we accept it.  That it does not belong to anyone otherwise he will not eat the money, will not do corruption, while corruption can be of many different types, it is always believed that if a single person does not have a family, then he will be engaged with his body, mind and wealth.  There will be plenty of time, this is a first order thinking, he will always do the right thing. Look, there may be some advantages of not having a family in public space that your time and energy can be divided more but no one ever talked about its disadvantages because we in our society  Look left in the country, look right, in the recent times, I will not make high office suits for everyone because family is not only from wife, family can be from mother to sister, brother to brother's children to sister's children too. It is okay to be so disinterested and have a Yogi type feeling.  Giving that I have become a Yogi can impress in life but a lot of understandings of life are missing. Family teaches us a lot. Family has its own pain because when you have your own family, you become immediate family.  If this happens, then do you understand that this work-related habit which has come into the society, what effect is it having on the families in our country, because if a person is alone, his brother will not be able to pass the time, he will have to use uniforms, that's it.  Will keep people engaged in work, will keep people engaged in work. If a big politician is working at 10-11 o'clock in any big business and has gathered the world, then at present he is working silently, that is a different thing but he is not alone.  Work Then how will there be fun in doing it, where will the world tell me till what time I was doing it, if you do it till 12 1 2 o'clock, then the system below will wake up, then many of them wake up and this example was taken, okay, do it like this, it should be like this. This has become so much, now if it has happened then don't see so much sycophancy, so much sycophancy, make it a part of the family too, otherwise life will be successful for people who do this, they don't get anything else, we just saw. Lok Sabha tickets are being distributed, how are they cut? People mean that if the tick is okay, then it belongs to someone, no, yes, it is a selfless work. If you want to see, then this new one had come out in the family, a little bit, but it has died down, which is very bad.  It is good when the political party started saying that we are your family, all this, oh no brother, you can be a team, family does not belong to anyone, everyone's family is their own and the one who has chosen not to take the family on the higher path.  If you go then you will get the roof  I have full respect but you can't eat even my cards or my money. You are right that there was no family now, it was empty, now it has become a family, now it is my family, now this is this pain, this is the pain that families keep on creating or which are created by someone else.  Family members become like this, take care of your family, I agree again and again, Irrespective of Political Parties India has 35 crore small families and count the big family which includes siblings, parents and some joint family type.  It is close to 10 crore joint families, if the head of every family takes care of his family, this country will be greatly benefited. We do not need to be dependent on any politician, on anyone else, we hurt each other more within the family.  We give, cut, harass, our relationships are not managed by us and we do not know which deep nostrils are ready for him to enter our family or ready to let him enter our family.  Have you voted with your family that we all should become his family or should we include him in the family? Have you ever done this? This complex of relationships is very difficult to understand in life. Towards this on 30th March.  But if you want to do more with a boy, girl, husband, wife and love-night then you will see the number given in the comment section, you can do that then you can join for that. If you can, then you will get to understand the deep meaning of relationships, but in politics, family should never be a handicap. If you want to join, because people from more families will come into politics, then they will do good because it is established in other democracies and the citizens there.  It is also well established that he neither has a wife nor children, how will he understand that this thing sounds very bad to say because it is a work of food and drink.  The corrupt work is that Lalu ji has nine children, 10 10 children, maybe 10 children are ok and that one, we give an example, okay, we give the example of Mulayam Singh and move towards family war, we do not see this. That now I am not protecting them, nor am I protecting them, but in having a family, I understand many things, I understand the pain and suffering of the people, I get to know what are the genuine issues of women, it is not that  You were roaming around in isolation carrying a bag all your life, now you will have insights into all the things because the things that your family teaches you, the things that you learn in life by becoming a mother or a father, cannot be learned so easily in life, no matter how much you try to do. Keep sounding intelligent. Keep showing how much. I don't have such experiences. It is visible in the suffering of our country. The suffering in our country is that people are unhappy at the family level because so much.  It has been superficially said that there is no time to think about yourself because the day you start thinking about yourself, you will be away from the top leaders, then how can they manipulate you for anything, brothers and sisters, how are these stories?  If you tell then constant engagement is constant like now I am a user, I am a content creator, I also have to keep engagement, like, subscribe to the channel, comment, this is an engagement but if my  In the engagement, some good is happening to you too, you are also getting some messaging, you are getting peace, so that is our relationship of give and take, but if you look at the side of the politician, then what are they giving except an airy feeling?  It was just fun, I narrated it today, I narrated it there, it happened like this, it happened like this, the respect has increased, this is the respect of Badag, this is ours, it is giving us a lot of trouble in our families, this is this respect.  Deficiency of Vitamin B12 in India along with Vitamin D deficiency is the genuine deficiency which we should correct, both of these things. If you are my subscriber, then if you have not tested yourself in the last six months by getting a blood test done then on my advice.  I am neither typing it from any path lab nor taking anyone's name. I am fine, but still you can get the test done wherever you want. You will get the test done, both will be less but Indians want to fill these two with respect, Vitamin D.  The deficiency of vitamin B12 cannot be filled with respect but these politicians come and fill it with the words that we have given you respect, we will make you like this, this will happen there, this society will become like this, this may not happen, this may not happen, these things may not happen. You should remain detached from it. Your life is your family. If your kids are not doing well then all these political parties are in trouble. It is okay if your child is not able to do well, it is of no benefit to him. You do not need to become the leader of any political party because they are engaged, I don't know which one is their vote bank, I am addressing my audience which is middle class, upper middle class, upper.  Middle class children are no longer able to do that well. Business is not done in their families. There are no more jobs like that. If you look at the per capita income of middle class families, it is decreasing, not increasing. Especially if the children are 22  23 24 26 year olds are not earning money. Dreamy eyes are roaming around. Rich people have their own mind, they will make it fit with their own tricks. The poor person has no problem because he can do anything, his child will do whatever.  If it is not done before or if it is better than before then there is no problem in that too, the problem is of this middle class which is either busy in IPL or political in it and is dependent on the family.  If you don't have focus then you have to focus more on family than politics. Sometimes do politics but for the sake of what is called, there is no need to be centi. If you have to be centi in life then it should be for the family and not force someone into the family.  Don't share that you are my family and don't become anyone's family. You are like my son, you are like my father, you are my daughter, no one is like anyone else, son is son, father is father, daughter is daughter, wife is wife.  and parents are parents  Okay, no one can take anyone's place and there is no need to give place to anyone, these are relationships, understand them and keep them, saying these things again and again does not suit anyone because the day the family will become empowered, many things are going on in Kolappan.  Today it is okay to divide the family by gender i.e. by separating husband and wife. By separating children and parents, it is costing the bread and butter of many people in the society because without them, you see this, even the elders.  He is a businessman and a politician. Now look at that family in Haryana. It is a political family. What is the condition of it? The whole family is fighting from Hisar seat. I think no one else will win. This is also a noise because that election is between two big parties.  Inside, they are engaged in useless things, they have got their mud washed, so this is the situation of politics and family, political parties make this status from here, you can see what they do inside Maharashtra.  Again, the political family is that of father and daughter and then their cousin and what is the calculation they have made. Everywhere you see that if you give importance to the family, even while being in politics, then your life can turn out to be much better because it  Those political parties who have defamed Chanakya, Chanakya, Chanakya, Chanakya, Chanakya, have gone far ahead, I do n't know who has gone ahead and I am the one who is leaving people.  I will tell the Indians that brother, remember that every man who is alone is not necessarily a hero, because in Indian movies, I have seen that even Mu Kambo did not have a family, it is okay that Mr. India's villain was in fact the hero. He always had a family, yes, that family definitely looked like a baggage because in Ajit's end it was said, bring his mother, okay, so the man used to think, why is it only his mother, why didn't he leave her or his wife?  Or bring your girlfriend and you are like, this is nothing to Ajit, Ajit's Mona Darling used to be one, okay, the other wise was nothing to Ajit, okay, who is that Anupam in the picture Doctor Dying Karma? Well, he also did not have any family. Okay, Mukho also has no family, so villains never had any family. Look at this picture. Normally, villains never have any family. It is always the hero's job. You have to become a hero in life.  Do you want to become a villain? No, what are you trying to say? You are trying to say that it means that the people who are working alone are not villains. No, no, yes, I am saying this, every person working alone is not a hero, I am saying this.  I am not saying that he is a villain, I am saying that villains were shown alone, don't take everything the wrong way, understand, understand, just because man is alone, a dozen means that everything is great about him.  because he is alone  Yes, he has started on some path, no, he has started on the path, okay, what is so great about it, everyone is walking on some path, the biggest path is that people are getting married and not having children.  Then make that France, they do not marry, then the demography will be different there, then it will be a different program, what will be left there and you see, if you do not give birth to children, then you have made the infrastructure very good, okay?  did not create a family  So families from outside, people from different communities and religions will come and say thank you very much, you have created such a lovely infrastructure, you have worked so hard, but children are not born from you, families are not raised by you, so we will come and enjoy. This is what is happening in Europe, brothers.  Sisters, you have done it very well, they have created a good environment, now it feels like chilly that if we have made this then the population will definitely come, now like you throw an ant, say sorry ant.  If you throw sugar, ants will come somewhere, if you do not use that system, if the resources of our country, the good weather here, the infrastructure here, whatever blessings of nature are there on our country, if  If we don't use it, someone else will come. Brother, it's simple, no matter how he comes, he will come with any pretext to work by applying for a visa, investing money, you see this, I am from Gurgaon, Gurugram only.  Let me take the example that 20 years ago, the population here was less and there used to be a section of people who used to sweep, wash and do utensils, people used to come from one area, all of them graduated, all the schools built here have sisters who Look at the children, that one, the ladies from UP, Bihar, who used to work there, must have graduated, that is, she has gone a little higher than the lower tank and that one is a little higher.  The professional work is done, women and children come sitting in school buses and you must have seen that in the last seven years, a different section of the system, from different provinces, different communities, is coming and doing survey on them. Someone called.  No, it just happens automatically, as soon as someone empties, someone goes to the vacuum, someone comes there and does the vacuum, there should be a requirement in the same way, brothers and sisters, when there is no family, then in the next family, if you do not pay attention and In this world, if we are not able to have children, then this is bound to happen. He is the only one and feels that Prashant Acharya ji is the one, we have 4 crore subscribers. Now his 1 crore to 4 crore should happen so soon that it can happen.  At the rate at which it is increasing, it should also come in the Prime Minister's line, because if we talk about followers, no political party has that many and to say the least, it is a matter of shame for the one with Rs 4 crore, but he said.  You see this is a different thing that they don't know from where the subscribers have increased, the views are only one and a half to two lakhs, brothers and sisters, my channel has 25,26000 viewers, but brother, I also get 253 thousand views after going and watching the video.  That means I get more views than my subscribers, he is sitting with 4 crores, if he has 1 lakh 2 lakhs then brother, where did he collect this from?  Out of your four crores, 4 lakh i.e. 1 in people don't even see the views but look at their views, recently again in the middle of my videos, pour cold water on their hot pan, they stop saying no, I am against marriage.  Or have I been there for the last three- four days? Look at their family, the happiness of the same person will start again. The same frustration is coming out. Two days ago, a woman asked me a question. I feel like I am alone, I should get married, a man should come.  hey what  She has already turned 35, now what next friend? Why are you trying to de-motivate people? If someone wants to get married, she will do more. Is there any need to tell her that don't do it? People will feel uncomfortable in saying it.  It seems that no no do n't say so since when did this cutter point become okay that no no don't do something great do us in the society who are not getting married this is not a norm this is not a norm Normality as if yes, the country is free, everyone has their own choices, we are asking no one to force us, but this is not a subject for clapping, I want to say this just because no leader has married, dozen means many, it is a great thing and it is a  Very Average Thing, I am going to talk about one more thing and in the end I have told the video till the end, now I want to tell a few more things, why should I tell you in the end, I am also telling the reason for it because till the end, your video is very good.  Subscriber is the one who understands your things, he does the same, if you speak in the beginning, he will whip you, our Prime Minister was late Rajiv Gandhiji, now you have become a Congressman, not a Congressman, friend, example, you ca n't even open your mouth, what is it, many can't even open their mouths. Sometimes it happens that by voting, show that I have done it, then I will speak openly, then you will let me speak, okay, so our late Rajiv Gandhi ji was that one in 1985.  Family picture we could see husband and wife, two children are fine, even after that we got to see some Prime Ministers, the one before this one is a little older but the family becomes bigger, he brought one thing to India for the first time and it is still going on till today.  And brothers and sisters, is it right to tell, isn't it, he was the person who brought this five day week that Saturday Sunday should be a holiday. If it is done in the government, then the government also perpetuates it in the private sector, now how can we  We are becoming like this, work all seven days, serve Mother India, leave China behind, keep working for 70 hours, 80 hours, Narayan Murthy style. Hey brother, what will you do, friend, what will I do if I am getting money by working, if I am getting money.  There is a vada pav shop and my vada pavs are being sold, so I do n't need to take permission from you that I work for seven days, five in the morning or evening, I will keep working like a donkey if I work alone in my video.  I do it, my videos are watched a lot, so how many wishes can I make, what does it matter to me, but I am talking about people who are in employment, who are in organized sector, who go to office somewhere, who are in government jobs, what is called Monday, Sunday, one.  It is okay, it is okay, Monday, Sunday, Tuesday, Saturday are all done together, this is not a good thing, a government function, I saw it was open, government functions are happening on Saturday.  Have you seen Mahashivratri coming and he too is being told that it is good and work should be done, this is a man who has nothing and has no motivation to sit at home, he has done grinding like this.  That it doesn't let it stand. Have you seen that when shikanji is made? Summer has just started, it is happening right now, okay, when shikanji is made, it is rotated like this, chinni, when it rotates, the water becomes like this.  It settles after some time and then you drink it. Brother, keep rotating it, keep rotating, keep rotating, keep rotating, rotate anything, rotate the curd, the butter will come out, then stop at some point. Friend, the butter is gone, leave it, keep rotating it, keep rotating it, oh brother, do it, friend, don't evolve everyone, a Prime Minister did it with difficulty in five days a week, because friend, no rocket can take more than 6 seconds. You can do it from the morning, it is like if you have the capability to get %, God has given you so much brain, then brother, only this much will come, be patient with him and do something else, no, I will get 98, I will keep studying, I will keep studying, you will tear the eyes of your life.  You will do something like this, that is the message, don't work so hard and that hard work is being done for glory, some leader, some senior, some officer, some Vice President, some CO of today.  These are the leaders of your political party for whom you will give your blood and give us freedom. Netaji had said, give your blood and you will get freedom. They do n't even give you freedom. Nowadays buses keep taking blood and go away. They will change the party themselves.  Your CEO will sell the company and go away. Your leader will change the party. It's okay, anything can happen to anyone anywhere. You are busy with him like a donkey. Today you see how the candidates are changing parties in the selection.  Are Yaar, these people have no shame, they don't even have yava. Yava is a Haryanvi word, please write what it is, I think it loosely means embarrassed. Okay, so Emerson is amazing, so please whatever happens, give importance to your family, that is the message channel.  Like, share and write in the comment section and internalize this message then you will release it. That the country will change us, how the country thinks, how the country thinks, how we have to change, we cannot change these leaders, we have to change ourselves, these leaders will forcefully keep us all trapped in their useless agenda and such videos will keep coming and no  It feels as if I am speaking for a particular person and a particular party, so now it seems that no one can do anything to anyone, yet it seems that what to do now, okay, I will have to tell because if the student  It is not possible to see a student passing, whose marks are not coming, then the rest will talk only about the agenda he is setting. If we do n't talk about him, then what should we do about those who have to come with 50 seats, 60 seats, 70 seats blocked? Anyway, what does the poor guy have to uproot? Well, then only those who can set the agenda will have to tell him that brother, let him breathe a little, let him relax a little, let him enjoy a little.  Giving work is yours to do, you do it, we will also do your clapping, we are fine but leave this 24 hour engagement, leave us, spare the middle class, stay engaged with the poor who will give you cylinders, will give ration, they will give us this.  Don't listen to stories. If there is anything of use to us then tell us. If not then leave us. This is what we are going ahead with. I have 10-12 things which I would like the parties to include in their manifesto agenda. If you do that  If you want videos then please write them in the comment section. Thank you very much.