Hello friends, very interesting topic Indian Arm Forces Public and the Movies, you will get to learn a lot even if you are in the Arm Forces, you will get to learn even if there is someone in your family, even if you are a general public, you will get to learn and some issues.  I will raise more issues depending upon who you are, how did you like the content, did you understand this thing, did it increase some awareness, did you get some joy, if people got clarity in life then do tell because there is a lot of confusion on these three things. Indian Arm Forces, we know about all three things, Army, Air Force, Navy are about the public, so we know what is the public and movies, recently I had done a review in it, there were issues with the sound and sound, the fighter picture is coming, now it is about the movie. I am fine, but I will review that movie on the basis of what is shown in the trailer of that movie. There is a huge misconception among the general public about the armed forces and because of the armed forces. Of their rules and regulations, they all come, it is not their job that you create misconceptions about our name and we clear the misconceptions, that is one, so I am a neutral party, all this is someone in the armed forces, okay, so I am from here too.  I know, I know about this place, I also know the pain here, I also know about the emotions of the public, there is some stupidity in it, I would like to address that too, and a lot about the people of the movie.  You know, if I tell you, whenever we talk about the armed forces, one word comes, patriotism, yes, it should definitely come, patriotism should come, yes, I am also not refusing, but is it only patriotism that should come, P for patriotism, only patriotism should come and  Nothing should be known. P for professionalism. Can't come. You ca n't approach with a professional type. You, I will tell them what is the region. You see any picture, if it has the person with armed forces in it.  It has been the case for centuries that he has to die, he has to become a martyr and those emotions have to be suppressed to come out. Look at any picture. Now look at this one. In that we have to kill someone and then we have to add more emotions. The biggest problem with this is that a large section of people  The public does not want to put its children in these forces because there is a fear inside that my child will go, the girl will go, will be martyred, whereas it is not so, whereas it is not so, what does not happen, yes, but what is the percentage, it is a  Very very good, nice and really safe profession, relatively than others. Professionalism is very important but no one would like to tell or explain this thing because in movies, if a normal movie is made, a person comes and gets recruited in the army, after serving for 30-35 years, he goes away.  He went and earned a normal pension and is living a happy life and has worked well, then what is the excitement? Dying is necessary because there is emotion in dying.  Meaning, this country does not have a beautiful love, the Tricolor does not have that shroud every time, friend, it's a Moroz thing, the listener is liking it, but tell him that yes, you apply for your son, now look at Bhagat Singh, everyone likes him.  But the neighbor's child, you understand in what sense I am, oh, then everyone will become like this, then no one is sending, yes, no one is sending because you all have become extreme, then the system is going according to that, if you like this.  Let it be known that if you feel that the heart of the armed forces beats then only one thing should be asked in the public domain that why do these people in the armed forces pay their own insurance money? Yes, if he gets martyred.  So he is paying for his insurance himself and he has made his own because he does not get any life insurance because when he goes for his health insurance, there is a clause written in it that arm  They should not be in the forces, no one gives them insurance, they have to pay their own money, don't tell me again, no, yes, there are many insurance policies, these people cannot take and health insurance, what is the need for health insurance, they have to deal with each other.  Some medical system of ours works and hey, some man is going, he got bitten by a snake, now there is no hospital there for him, he is going on leave, going to the forest or travelling, he meets with an accident somewhere.  So why can't he have health insurance? He is now facing a little bit of operational risk, he is also a normal person and there is a fight going on all the time, so I am telling this as an example. I am telling you an example that if you look at the US, watch US movies, watch their recent Top Gun, then it is not happening like this in the US. When your strength comes, you shout. No, first of all you become calm, the one who is strong does not shout, the one who is coward is the one who is feeling scared, now people have seen this fighter picture as if the fighter is coming Jai Hind, the fighter is an artist, the fighter pilot is an artist like  An art is made in the same way a plane flies smoothly, precision is desired, calculation technology is a pleasure, long breath is because it comes from above through the air, it is time itself, time does not need motivation.  There is no fear of anyone, those who are sitting below, those who are going to be hit, they should be afraid, but they are coming on this motivation and the public also likes it, do you know what this thing is like this, you must have seen it, right?  Those gladiators used to come to Rome and they used to sit in the dome and enjoy fighting that this is the instinct to kill this one, this is not the instinct of the civilized society of 2024. Why does our general public not feel this from within anywhere?  Those who do not have any relatives in the army, those who do not have any children in the army, those who do not have any father in the army, that when I shout like this, don't fight, kill him, destroy this country, this Pakistani enemy, then when will it hit him? He will feel and that person is something to us, so if we need him, we will go, he is professional, but this animal instinct is coming out from inside, which is like saying, I am making a video to embarrass the public, like two [ __ ] fighting.  Are  Two goats fight or I told them like gladiators fight inside Rome and they all sit in public and operate with the feeling of kill and kill and have used it as a mask of patriotism. People have blown it, this is not patriotism. Yes, this is not patriotism.  You wake up and tear someone to shreds like this, they said we will do it like this, this is a cheap thing, this is a low level thinking and this is shown in the movies by suppressing it. It is shown in the picture, it is being shown in Fighter also, it is being shown in everything and even after beating it, it is such a sugarcane that the juice does not stop coming out of it for Bollywood because our public is so crazy that sometimes it never happens.  Do n't say that if I tell you one good movie about the Armed Forces, which one you have seen or not, or if I show you a movie based on the Air Force, then the winning picture was if you saw it. Shashi Kapoor's Shashi Kapoor's son was also in the role in it, Amrish Puri ji's role was very good, Raja Bundela ji was there, if you have n't seen it then you can't show the forces like that again, like now they have created a multiverse, this is iron.  Man and all these people, you know this is a cartoon and all this is like this and all this is happening, this vulgarity that you are doing, won't you show the armed forces the gadgets that are behind it?  We will use the ships that are there as props when you start because your VFX is so poor that the ships do this, those ships are real standing on the ground, so they look different because they are real. As soon as that area election starts, they say  Who is this poor country cousin type? They have ships worth Rs. 500 crores, they are also worth Rs. 1500 crores, they are very beautiful, they are good, but as soon as they say that they are not in your power, they will do the faxing.  If not, then postpone it. Look, what has the US made now? These movies are definitely propaganda. They talk about the country's soft power, it should be made, but if it is about the country, then it should be made by private limited people. The government does not sponsor it. China has just done one to fly.  A movie has been made, their method has also been tested, now they can get it right in that movie, they also know about emotions etc., money has been invested in The Way Those Guys Americans, Mac and Picture  Brother, money is not being invested here, that means Rs 1400 crores have been invested in the picture. Now you cannot compete with Rs 1400 crores in Rs 250 crores. We understand this, but according to purchasing par, Rs 250 crores is also equal to Rs 750 crores.  If it can be equal to 600 crores, then at least reach level 50. I agree, you cannot reach the full level. Nobody can beat the dedication and the  Everything about what Tom Cruise stands for. Okay, that's your real one. You know it's real. Have you heard any such stories here? If you look at Mike's, it's like 'G Forces'. Pilots are training. There is no such story here.  Here, just by looking at him, he doesn't look like a pilot, he does n't even look like a pilot by his actions, it's okay and a lot of efforts have been made to copy and the armed forces have been stereotyped a lot, they were shown in the old 60's movies and this  No, it stereotypes the Sardars, Bollywood does this to its South Indians, it always shows them in comedy, now according to me, if I see a photo of a Sardar of any of my Sardar brothers, then I should look weller in it. That these 10 persons stand for power, Shakti is okay, now these people have given the same thing in comedy, they have done the same thing with the armed forces, look at any movie of 1960, there must be an old man, a retired colonel. Frustrated, he will stand with a double barrel, a hero will come to tease his daughter and suddenly he is like that, they did something like Care Kutcher and showed it like this. In between, some movies came like this, everyone is dying in them, everyone is getting martyred, the people of my country are in tears.  Pour tears now, it's okay, people of the country, pour tears, it was a true need, we lost to China in 62, the atmosphere was like this, we had to tell, that's why we got slapped like that.  When we woke up, 65 was fine, 71 became better because what is the expense and water, so at one time India thought that when it got independence, the work would be done with the police, then why do we need armed forces, but the fact is that even today you Even in India 204, the people of our country are as far away from understanding the armed forces as they were 50 years ago. This is unfortunately understandable.  Cantonments Arm Forces are created physically away and the reason behind this is that they should not interact with the general public because these Arm Forces operate beyond caste, religion and all these things and if any calamity or something happens tomorrow, then they have nothing to do with each other.  If it should not happen then that logic is all understandable but here what is their challenge, what are the issues, what are the good things and what are the difficult things, someone is needed to give the understanding to the public because if you  If we glamorize it to everyone like this and add so much excitement, then there are times when a man is pensionable for 5 years, 10 years, 20 years, does a job for 25 years, 30 years and there is nothing to show, it is something like that.  You tell me that the armed forces are the sentinels of this country, so if there is no war with the neighbors then it means that the armed forces are very good because if you are weak then there will be a war.  It would have happened in 62 and even in 65, Pakistan had a misunderstanding, that is why there was no fight. Fight always happens only when I think that I will kill the next one, I will beat the next one, I will win, then no one goes with such a raised face, one gets insulted to get beaten. So whenever there is a conference, a big fight or something happens, the thing to be seen in it is that the next man also gets a chance and the next man also gets a chance when you look so vulnerable, if you become so strong.  If we have become America, then who is going to go and kill America in America, then we are telling that our armed forces are now progressing to a better situation than they were ever in the history. Our history is fine, so that within that.  Even now if I fall down, I will die, I will be saved, I am using this poverty type word, I am not talking about poverty type poor, I am saying that you are behaving like a country with poverty of Rs 1500 crores.  You are sitting with a plane worth Rs. 500 crores and still it is given like this by the extremist, it is not such a big thing, it is a fly, the extremists do like this, they are the real type of your generals, the real type are those of the armed forces, look at some of theirs.  That the way they treat them and the importance they give them They do n't give them that much importance They say it's okay Someone I saw is just an average life And we will get them if not  Today then tomorrow and then time there are three to six such practical things, but I am missing the butt of explaining and practical. Through this video, I want to appeal to the armed forces people to please come and educate the public that what you do. How much actually, how the work is done and how the operations are done and how the training is done. When your training is so strong that as soon as he sees a person being trained, he  A person doesn't even get into trouble by standing up, it means height is good, body is good, he is doing all this, take an example, you will not go and raise your head and will not mess with him, but all this awareness has to be done that our armed forces themselves have some issues which  The general public should also take up the issues. Now the general public takes up the issues of the farmers, then why can't it take up the issues of the jawans? I feel that the issues of the jawans are more important than those of the farmers because they are not directly related to you. Kisan Jai Jawan Jai.  Farmers and farmers are also equal, perhaps the farmers have become more pampered because the farmers vote bank is more, the soldiers are less, the soldiers are our own 11,12,14 lakhs and the farmers are more but we are the farmers only, or we are the soldiers only, what have we done to the farmers too?  It has been shown that it is okay that a young man is committing suicide and the youth is becoming a martyr. This means that brother, don't become these two, the message being sent subconsciously is that farmers are also poverty and suicide is farmer, meaning you.  You can't grow flowers, you can't grow vegetables, you don't know the meaning, you ca n't earn much money in different mushroom farming, so don't do this and brother, this is an act of martyrdom, if you want to get respect then it is the common public arm of the whole country.  They become happy by giving such respect to the forces people. But in practice, when a soldier catches a train from Kashmir at Jammu station and he does not know it, there is a mistake in his reservation because he had a reservation but it has gone back and forth. At the last moment and he was not found again, he was sitting in front of the bathroom and going late, so till date in my knowledge and observation, I have not found him looking at the seat that brother, he is young so you come and sit, I will sleep at night.  But you can sit with me till Ambala or you can get a set seat in Delhi. That brother doesn't know where to go down. Practically no one will do anything. Everyone will do it, that is, even within the monetization.  There is a lot to take an exam anywhere, so two people were saying like this, friend, go ahead, go behind, friend, what is this, do you have to stand in the queue, then come from behind, uncle, don't you feel ashamed?  I am not able to stand in the queue here and do you know that there are soldiers standing in Siya Chan and he says, Uncle, I am the same soldier, I have come on leave, relax, relax, that soldier can also come and stand in the queue, so tell me a joke type thing. This is what is happening, I do n't know what work they keep doing by holding the tail of patriotism and army and their direct ones are not understanding anything, not understanding the sorrow, not understanding the pain, not understanding the challenge, till date no one has understood that a martyr has become a martyr.  It's done, everyone has clicked the photo, okay media, go and put it in everyone's mouth, your husband has been martyred, how are you feeling, your father has been martyred, your son has been born, how are you feeling and he is seeing this.  I mean you tell me how you will feel and I mean he.  One day or two days he came, a minister came or an MLA came, these days they also earn a lot, a DC VC came to the state and put up a photo, put up a street in his name and then everyone forgot about him.  What is happening to the family and what is happening to the children? What is their life story going on? Then nothing. Once they say it, I am using the word 'unfortunately', there is no similar function like a marriage.  It 's okay, everyone has come, after that no one asks anything, Dhula Dhun lives his life, he is the same as the martyr, he came and asked, yes, it's done, it's done, after that, don't ask anything to anyone, what is the biggest problem in that too, is our 28  There are 30 states, from Jammu and Kashmir to Kanyakumari and even here, everyone has different rules and regulations. If there is a martyr in Haryana, he will get so much money. If he is in UP, there will be so much money. Look, human life has no value.  It is priceless and a soldier's life is even higher than that because he is not sacrificing for himself, he is sacrificing for the country, so it can never be weighed with money, this is a fact, but if there is despair, then how can he be a martyr of Haryana? B. Lesser and more than that in West Bengal, Tamil Nadu and Kerala, depending on their vote bank politics, where they go more, they give a little more, where they go less, they give less, now they give less.  If we go less then  And the less you go, you understand, then no one will go, then a stage will come when no one will go, who will come from the armed forces or someone will tell that the respect of the platoon along with the country, those of the regiment and the people you work are the biggest driving force.  Force When You Walk Into a Flying Bullets in Your Face That system was created many times What's now So we talked about what's now So it's like you're doing this, doing that now We are moving towards professionalism because now we do not have that much martyr system which is Agniveer system. Earlier what was the system was that regiments were based on the caste and region and after all, what was its region, its region was this, I am telling you historically.  It is important to come and explain to them all these things that earlier there were brothers, that people from the same village, from the same area, from the same place used to go and a regiment was made of them, a platoon was made.  Someone used to say Jat Regiment, Punjab Regiment, Mahar Regiment, Kumaon Regiment, Sikh Regiment, Sikhlai Regiment, many of them have been formed by doing like this, so his reason was that the food will be the same among themselves, it is practical, isn't it, if people are of the same type, then the food and drink will be the same.  The language will be the same, okay, after that there was one more region which was very big which was probably understood but was not told that if any one person will show cards in the face of enemy. Even if you are a human being, it will be reported in his village that your son was saved by his father-in-law, because the rest of the people also belong to him, now he is a boy from Rohtak Jind, so the people of Rohtak Jind are already there, they are not the same, he has not come from there.  Yours is not from Orissa because he will not go and tell because when he takes the body or something or someone else gets martyred in his affair, he used to have a fear that my name and my family will be defamed.  Well, that person there, these things are very psychological things, now people only talk about Mother India, it is there, but apart from that, what emotions go there, what emotions go there, you know that a person does not stop for an abstract thing.  If I get hit, I will die, that is what people have towards each other, but the same thing does not work in the Air Force because in the Air Force you do not go like a crowd, there is technical work there, there is a different attitude.  He is different and a human being is different, the one who sits in a plane worth Rs. 500 crores, his thought process is different, this thought process, this thought process is different, they put so much brain into showing them different and explaining how the software current is the same, the current of patriotism is the same, it operates on the same.  We are doing it, but brother, the operating system is different, the emotions that come out are different, the system is different, but who can go into such depth, but quickly take off your shirt, show me, show me such an attitude.  You just have to cut the scene, are n't you? Brother Tom Cruise, you are not Tom Cruise. The one who dies in his picture was his friend. He died of cancer. He died in such a way that he does not eat bread. We also have the courage to be martyred.  Unfortunately people want to eat bread by all means and this is unfortunately I cannot die for the country but ultimately you have to kill the enemy for the country to save the  Country You Can't Keep Dying All The Time And That Dying Dying Dying Dying Dying Dying Meaning You It's Something Like The Way It's A Portrait That If Someone Kills Four Men Of The Enemy, Then A Better Cry Will Come Out From Him When He Gets Martyred, That's That  It is better that you understand that this is very layered, I am not saying here that we have to do a lot for the martyrs but we focus only here, with that focus many mothers and many others  Fathers get scared of sending their children, this is what I am trying to tell and the point of saying is that, as long as you have this clarity and this strength, like I tell you, now whether you like it or feel bad, but I  I am telling you one more secret. The Chinese Army is relatively afraid of the Indian Army. I am telling you relatively. I am afraid and there is fear in the country. I will tell you what is the reason for it. A person has 10 children, five children, two children, all are equal.  Everyone likes it well, no one can say that one is good, the other is good, if one goes, my work will be fine, and if I have two, I have five, five, I have 10, one is gone, nine, it is someone like this.  It is not said but the fact of life is that all the soldiers of Chinese Army are single children because they are born in single child policy, there is no second one, neither sister nor brother, still work is normal in Indian Army Forces, there must be single children too. There will be some single male children also, I agree but then there will also be sisters and this will also be a matter of another secret, why am I telling this now because this is also understanding what I am saying, how much can you do patriotism but it is practical.  We have to come in life also, here our people will still send us back there, we are more afraid in Galwan, we were martyred, we did not hide them, we had to hide them so that the public does not get scared, we are still martyred, it feels bad but the fear is that  It doesn't go to the level but when you do that thing too much, then keep your hand on your heart. When about that thing, I have to tell you in a simple way that if you do n't want to hide it, then don't go and teach him glory, it's like if you  The vehicle should be detected and daily reporting should be done. An accident happened here today. It happened here today. It happened here today. It happened here today. You will never go out. Only you will not drive. You and I are not talking about mass reporting as much as they are happening. If India  Every year there are 2 lakh accidents on the road, but if you start showing this data in the main stream media in such a way that you start eating too much of it, then somehow suddenly people will say that it is very dangerous to go on the road whereas you  Will miss out on a beautiful life Arm forces are one of the best profession in this world and have a very good life even the way it is shown in general media and the perception in the movies and the general public about them  It seems like this, my friend, this is how the enemy is afraid of the armed forces and the borders are protected by the forces. These are professional people. There is no such thing that has to happen. Brother, it can happen to anyone on the road, it can also happen to an electrician, it can also happen to sewerage.  It can also happen to a worker, whatever is happening on duty, there is risk everywhere, but making everything in the name of that risk is not right. You should tell what to make and not how much.  Why is the most basic training in training? Because there is a saying that the more you sweat during training, the less you will bleed in war. To save blood in war, the bigger the training, the better the training. Some movies should be made on that thing too. My  According to this, one movie that I remember very well is a good movie in which all this was shown, training was shown, how he is becoming what he wants, how he is becoming Lo Loha, how he is becoming a winner, it is very much in the picture.  It has been shown very beautifully, so this is what every time you get whenever you are watching this video on youtube1 I have made bank people, what issues remain, okay, we have to put things realistically, we have to do it, that is, one of the latest movies which are in the recent times.  Same time Naksha movie came, we need directors and story tellers like Meghna Gulzar, we need authentic authentic research and Vicky Kaushal's acting was great, we will find actors like Vicky Kaushal in acting.  Tell me, we have that actor, if you tell him you want a match, then the match guy is taking off his shirt and is showing all this like this is fine and you will bring the acting person as if he is showing his to Vicky. His body is also good, but he has shown his acting like that, so whatever script you give, tell the story, they will be found, but you have to arouse patriotism in the same movie, you also have to do the tilt and tit in English.  The word is probably the same or is it something else, the pronunciation may be the color, I am okay, you have to do something like this, you have to show this also, you have to show the Pathan type also, you have to show the bikini also, you have to show emotions in the whole movie, you are speaking like this.  If I make a buffet, it will become a hit. Someone will like it, someone will like it, you will give a taste to the mouth, it is something like that, they put all this on the buffet, there are also noodles included here. There are pasta too and there are curd vadas too and how will you eat this, you are not like this, you will have to add consistency, you have to make this movie, you have to make this imaginary type, you have to make Pathan type, young type, jump into it, then you go.  Suppose you are covering a real topic, like recently I am talking about fighter only because you are covering a real event and behind that you are playing out your fantasy.  Yes, he is jumping on the plane like this, who is punching the fighter pilot, the government has not taken a fighter pilot to kill him, brother, it takes 10,12,14 crores to make one, it is okay, it takes eight, seven, eight years. By the time he is really fully matured and you are making him work, enter so that if he falls and his jaw gets broken, then medically he will not be able to board the plane again. Well beyond that you have spent Rs. 12-14 crores.  Please don't force him to do this work brother, but who will tell these bad guys and he is public, he doesn't even want to listen or understand, yes it was fun for him, he was flying the plane, before that his shirt was off, then this pushup.  I was planting here again, this is better than love for the country, love for the country is not better, oh my, goose bumps have become goose bombs, these goose bombs are of no use, the country is not protected from goose bombs, oh I saw.  Goose bomb in someone else's name, he has done something, hey, you also do something like this, don't do it in someone else's name, don't make it happen, brother, we will do it like this, brother, we will also serve you.  It's okay, you die, you go, you become a martyr, do something, we are with you, we will tear apart, we will do it, if it means propose a war, let's talk about technology, oh technology, CCTV cameras have been installed in your house, it's okay, an uncle is coming.  And  He is entering, you are looking at him, then what will you do, you have taken his photo, then to physically stop him, you will need a man's child or there will have to be some technology so that firing will start automatically, you require some buddy, some ship.  The enemy is coming, it's okay, you have installed technology in your country, you have radar fed, you have come to know that to stop it physically, something is needed, either a ship should go and destroy it or hit it with a missile from below or just give it commentary.  You will keep entering now it is 50 kilometers, by doing this like this means you will do it like this, just like you were laughing in that movie too, we are entering Pok, now we are doing this, that means for Taj Mahal, like they don't do aerials, do that.  This is Yamuna, this is Taj Mahal, look left, look right, it is like this, what is the meaning of what you are doing to tell the public what you are doing? Top  If they are maintaining silence and not talking to each other, then the one below is giving commentary to his boss who is in public, the boss standing behind him, the senior army officer, the boy or the girl, whoever is sitting. They have a scope, what they see from the radar is telling, so the public is getting to know that yes, they have entered this diamond formation, which formation was their this is this is this is entering okay they are pulling up you there.  You are sitting and getting her to do it, that lady Tejas was made in the picture of Kangana Ranaut, she was that bay, see, to tell them to show the women, it means they are trying to show something that our girls do well, so they should do this, how much overdo.  And it gets unpacked meaning that Kangana Ranaut is running the show in the Air Force. I know one more thing that these armed forces people do not watch this picture before they think that I am  There is also a request to the armed forces people that just because you are not being painted in a bad light, that means you should not put any objection on the movies because many times your name has been defamed which is not practical, it gives a wrong message to the youth.  And then those people will come to you, after seeing the picture, they will say, man, this is like this, nothing is happening to us, at some point of time, everything needs to come. Brother, it is not like this that out and tell is shown here that only one person is running it, that is, a private limited company is being run, only one person is running it. It is okay by putting them in one line that this is all an imagination and  Or is it based on him or is it not based on him, he will have to tell a little more because he cannot even read you that quickly, he is flashed like this for a second, it is nothing if anyone reads such a mutual fund subject mark, at least he  he is saying something  Listen, even that is not being said here, we will show something like this and then if we do it like this then I hope the Indian public will be a little aware and will ask questions. I have seen a lot of forums where aviation is enthusiastic or forces are enthusiastic and brother, what are you talking about?  Let's do something and then we will have to say why we don't have the public to go and become so aware that they should not say that we can take this or do it with the armed forces. Well, talk about Mother India. We are proud of you, we have a lot of respect for you, that's the end of the matter, why don't you say, what is this thing, man, did it come to them, does that person have it, why doesn't ours have it?  Brother, why doesn't our country have a system? Why doesn't the public speak? Why would the public speak? Politicians listen to the public. People from the armed forces will also come and say, 'Give us, give us.'  The public is so aware that they are saying that if this is to be taken, then brothers and sisters, the public wants this to be taken for you, then we you, then there is no problem, what is there here, take some kind of thing, we will remove the scam from it, okay.  Public is afraid of that because every person is afraid of it because there is scam in everything. I am not saying that it is okay but manufacture it yourself, why are you not able to do it? Why are you not able to do it? If the public becomes aware, then your DRDO will do well.  Whatever you have made will work, how good is it, where is it, why doesn't it work in everything? Say, our arm forces are good, ours, these are all good, these are good, hey, the whole system is there, isn't that person who is standing there a weapon? Agreed, he is good on the system, so he has no right to open his mouth that he is not good, he has put in everything, but the frills he has, you can know about them, what is that thing, is it good? What is sustainable and what is better than that?  It has come in the market, why don't we have it, when will it come to us, then why doesn't the country open its mouth, brother, your budget is being spent, so much of tax payer's money is being spent, so ask questions, don't tell us, now all the operational things cannot be told at the level. Who all are there but there are a lot of them available in the public domain because we make all the weapon systems ourselves. Now should I buy a TV from Korea and hide it so that I will not tell? Hey Samsung-ro, I want to make you aware through this medium.  I am staying If the athletes who are also the intellectual class and the two-three level people who start talking about what I am talking about, start understanding it, it will make a lot of difference. Every time you raise your voice, the first thing which should strike in your mind is  This is professionalism, this is a disciplined person, this is professional, patriotism is the default setting, patriotism alone does not work, now I have done what is happening in his life, what is happening in his life?  What are the issues, how is he living his life, what are his emotions, what are his challenges, how does he feel, ask him to talk to him once, it is completely fine, instead of doing only one thing, as soon as he came, we salute him, we salute him like this, it will not work, even beyond that.  We will have to go, this is called Rhetoric Rhetoric Cliché, so the reaction is all cliche that yes, it is like this, it is like this, learn something from other countries, learn from America how they also respect their arms.  Forces they know, America is America, America can go anywhere and kill like this, this is okay in the world, they know that when America kills, it is America 's armed forces, if it is not public then it has a lot of value to the public, something useless in America  If their soldier gets martyred, if something happens, the public gets worried about how it happened, tell me what was it worth, where was it, how was it, they ask questions and there is pressure on everyone that when you deploy all that.  Now I will not do much, a little bit will go into that zone which cannot be discussed publicly these days, Age of Now is fine but you guys understand what I am saying, please spread it around and do write in the comment section. This video may be big for you, but there is a need for awareness of reasoning, logic of conversation of this kind of discourse. Now if I tell people just by raising this issue of Vande Mataram which is going on in its entirety.  Do n't actually sing two lines and tell me what is its meaning, I don't know but brother, if you like something, then ask about the thing that you like, what is its meaning, okay, if he is not happy with that then only  This emotion will no longer work. This is the message. Some substance should be visible in movies too. There should be accountability in public discourse too. Everything is fine. Thank you very much.