Hello friends, good news is coming after a long time. As an Indian, I feel good because Modi ji has also been told like this in many months and it has gone like this and Jaishankar ji has also been like this, I am talking about myself too in general.  It is okay on social media, it is an advantage of an independent thinking person that when something like this happens, people like us can make videos, those who have already checked the side cannot make them, so what am I talking about? Looks like China  A little bit of headlines have been made about the border with India. If we can't believe it at all, then we will analyze this thing. You must have seen that in the Nijjar case, what happened between Canada and the US came and made such friendship. This is my friend and we are friends.  There are eyes and it seemed like Vishva Guru India and we were like feeling and I had made a video in it saying that man, all these are speaking, beyond this we do not have to say much like this, Lawrence Bishnoi Gang Canada, we are as an Indian.  We have to remain silent and mostly we have remained like this, it is a good thing that our opposition has also been there to some extent, this YouTube is not there and this is my complaint brother, our Modi ji is our Amit Shah ji, whatever is happening in our India, we will say it 150 times.  We should know that our Prime Minister, our respected Home Minister, should not remain silent when the matter is big, this is the sign of a mature individual, mature country and mature citizen, so now China is doing such a thing with China.  What happened and the photo that has come, Putin, Mr. Jinping and Modi ji, will now raise the antennas of the US. The US is not mine, it is historical. I always used to see that China is an old civilization and India is even older and both the civilizations are worth Rs. 150 crores. If the population of the world is 800 crores then 3rd is India and China means every fifth person is Indian or Chinese, it is okay.  Meaning, you do the math, I may be completely wrong, it is okay in the fracture, but if it is 300 crores, then it means that the fifth person is an Indian, the fifth person is so na ba fa, na ba fa, ba fa, it is almost ok, so if we come together, we will be able to fight.  What is our need? The truth is that we have to import and export. On top of that, our thought process level is the same. Indians' heart beats for their children as a civilization. Our heart beats for the Americans.  If not of, then they say Peter, my get out, take your student loan, get lost, Chinese heart also beats for the children, so we are at the basic level, if he is there, then we may not be so many friends, for what ever 150 crore region, there can be more.  But this enmity should be ended in between. Anyway, our Himalayas are so big, that means they cannot do it even if they want so much. China is doing it in the airfield, the plane does not fly there with bombs anyway.  Have you ever heard that China attacked India? I am not talking about 1962, it means 700 years ago, everyone used to come from here, from the other left side, some did not come from there, so we are like that.  There is no need to fight, so I think this thing that has happened is very good and America also needs to be taught a lesson, America has become a big lot, no matter how many dollar prints America and  America, there is a limit to everything, arrogance should not be tolerated anywhere, be it in Haryana's politics, Maharashtra's, India's, BJP's, Congress's, Beijing's or America's, because arrogance is something that is normal public.  And people do not tolerate any arrogance, so in our SA country it seemed as if efforts were being made not to rub it, efforts were being made to do so.  It is not so easy, India is a country of 140-150 crores, so I feel it is a good diplomatic victory, which we as Indians need to feel a little bit relaxed, but this is a request to fellow citizens, don't be macho, I come from a community in Haryana.  Who is a Macho? It is said that the original Macho community and other communities do not know anyone who is a Machh.  If someone comes and sets a system, it is a big problem, then look at it a lot, I praised Modi ji very well, Jaishankar ji's government, it's like eating a Golgappa, I liked the water, it was good, it was a lot of fun, now scold him. What is the biggest mess of Godi media? We will expose it so many times, now this has come, now it will come to its senses, then again you will provoke someone else, so we do the most stupid things in Pakistan, which is our neighbor.  Whatever happens to provoke them, let something happen to them, now their highest pollution in Lahore has reached 305, Gurgaon 's is running at 289, it is only 16 more, yours is the highest, Delhi 's stubble will still run, it will cross the limit but today.  Yours is that Pakistan is an emotional country, as if we are more emotional than us and the person who is a little poor, is even more emotional, so we should not do this. We achieved what we did with China. If we break even with Pakistan for some reason and Kashmir becomes a little peaceful, then a lot of prosperity can come because everywhere else there will be fire everywhere and it seems that you have seen Ukraine, Russia.  Well, this is what Israel has done, if Israel enters somewhere then America enters on its own, the Western world is happy, this is the time for Indians and for India. Finger on your lips, don't kiss this.  Don't go beyond Chaudhary, Modi ji showed this image once to win the election or I do n't know, megalo mania, call it some such trait or this is this, this is this, this is not right, this is more for the world, no one is such a Vishwa Guru. Will Tolerate Silently It's Better That You Be Actually More Strong Than What The World Perceives You Rather Than Being Vice Versa That You 're Actually Not That Strong And You  You are showing perception, then whenever something happened, such a situation was created that when it is known that how much strength is there and then it is not that much, then there is a tie fish and then the country is insulted, then I feel that it is a right thing.  There is a course correction, I want India's relations to be from Nepal to China to Bengali, that Vajpayee ji said a very good old thing - We cannot choose our neighbors, we can choose our friends.  You can and this is also for your personal life, he is your friend, he can be anywhere, but for the neighbor, you have come as a neighbor and the neighbor is very important. If you check at the personal level, if something happens at night, then the neighbor is there. 000 km away, 2000 km away, 500 km away, your son or daughter can't help, only your neighbor will help. If something goes wrong at night, maintain good relations with your neighbor.  To fulfill it properly, Diwali is coming, it is happening like other wise, it is not a matter of compulsion, it is like this, everyone should fulfill it, China's roar is also there, it is not that India's roar is there, that is why it is feeling a little, I really hope it is sustainable.  It should not be that this is being done just for show, China is also seeing what America is and as it happened with America, I always used to think earlier also that what is the gain we have from America. That we are from China because China is growing and America wanted to crack down on China and even today it wants to, so it used to do a little like this to India, now India is I don't know diplomacy, we can't be so intelligent that India. What is happening at the government level and what is the country getting and what is not getting, but now you see that we bought drones from the US, even then it did not calm down, even after giving so many billions of dollars, it is in vain.  You should be a little shy to speak in the Canadian team, friend, don't buy things worth so much money or have you become friends, now you have to ask, in my opinion it is easy to isolate America because it is the same America, where did you see the geographical location?  Yes, he is forcefully entering Bangladesh by pretending to be a Chaudhary. He needs some port somewhere below, somewhere there, then if Bangladesh realizes that its border is also surrounded by India, that is, from here.  Come on, if you draw the tala line from Kolkata, then you are thinking that Bangladesh and India had done it, so if all the relations are fine, then it is good. If the relations between India and China are fine, then automatically everything will be fine with Maya.  It will be fine because what choice does Nepal have? What choice does Nepal have, that is, if India, China, Mr. Jing Ping and Modi ji are eating and drinking, friendship is happening comfortably, suppose India and China are having friendship, then now Nepal.  What will it do? What choice does it have? What choice does Bangladesh have? What choice does Mayan Paar have? So if this thing is also formed as a new government, this thing should be woven a little more somehow and some dense building measures and  Let's do it right now, this is a good start and this good signal is the word towards America that it is okay, you will have elections now, we will see and it will be like this, you will see, now we will do independent train trade with the Middle East and oil from Russia too. Russia has all the resources that can be taken. Why can Russia show so much fire to the world? Because the population is 10,122 crores, it is sitting with all the resources. Next, it is such a big land mass. Its oil is its own energy requirement. People make the food they want as their own.  All the work is done by the left, there is not so much dependence that the population is only 150-200 crores, I don't know what to do, so Russia is doing its job well.  As it is, China and India will automatically become a cross center through BRICS, if you keep doing the world's intelligence, yes you keep doing all the intelligence, here we will openly make friends, although it is not so easy to say.  It is easy but in practice, America is America, brother, it is okay, go and see their defense budget, they will keep doing something else, that is okay, especially now they are like Pakistan, Pakistan can also make friends with America and Russia.  You can also do this if you have friendship with China, India should also be a little flexible, learn from Pakistanis, your younger brother is the elder, when he can be so flexible that he can make friendship with anyone, then we should also make friendship and this India and Pakistan should make friendship. What do they say about Pakistan Army? Will the value of Pakistan Army reduce? At some point of time you have to give up on the nation, give the nation, not give up on the  Nation means Pakistani Army, it is said that Pakistani Army is the only army which has got a nation to itself according to others, every nation has an army, every country has an army but the only army which has got a country is Pakistan, so there is a little  Relax a bit, friend, even the General of Pakistani Army has to see whether he can live comfortably after retiring, because for one thing, there is a restriction on the other wise.  The problem is that the relationship between India and Pakistan for the last 70 years is being woven only to make the Pakistan Army its own. Other wise, the relations can be fine. If citizen to citizen contact is done then it can be fine, but many times.  What happens is that when there are so many issues within our own country, then these things are done to divert Pakistan's work, that is why India India India India will do this, India has done this, India India will do this, India will also do this.  He does it like this, but now look, the time has come when the issue of studying the region from outside and that kind of thing comes up. On one issue, how big a thing did you take, where did you take it, that means India needs development and Pakistan also needs development.  We need development, that too is a running joke, ok so Indians should be smart, I have a request that brother, don't change sides so quickly when we change sides at the country level, do n't be open so quickly, apart from supporting your country, we are  no choice  No, we will do it fearlessly, we will do it to our leaders, when it comes to international local, then it is ours, if something happens in local, we will definitely say it is ok, that is our right in democracy, only then, that is the biggest achievement of India, otherwise this is Here in the Hunger Index, here in that Index, here in the Happiness Index, here and there, all that Tantalus thing was positive because we were seen as a social observer as a political Observer commentator, we also look forward or something, please come and tell us that we have picked up a little contract here, no one has anything to say bad, it seemed as if it used to be so, we used to say that now Maharashtra election is becoming very interesting. And it is going to be a lot of fun and I feel like making a video on Maharashtra elections and beyond that, it will be fun, there is a little bit of comedy, there is also a little bit of learning to be had, there is a little bit of relaxation, my aim is that  You should not consume these politics in a relaxed manner, happily, do not do it with tension, do not do it in a very open manner. Look, even as a country, we change it, so when something is happening to the party at the individual level, then do it because even the leaders change the party.  Let's say yes I know Rahul Gandhi ji will not change the party Modi ji will also not change but everyone else below him can change ok no Amit Shah will also not change but apart from him many people can change ok so we have this much  Don't want to remain open, I hope you are enjoying the channel. There are a lot of videos. Recently, two-three videos of mine have come. It is very good that you people have shown love. What should be done for the children of the middle class? Before that, a small world.  Do very good, such videos will also keep coming from time to time, there will be mix and match as it happens, there will be political and current affairs according to a balanced diet and there will also be a signaling and messaging to the society, so the channel will Subscribe and there is one more request. Give subscribers as you go. Everyone who is listening to me please add now, then you will get things to learn from your family, you will get things to relax because this smoke has to be consumed, where there is more of it.  There is chilli in it and your stomach will get upset, instead of consuming it from there, I will make you consume it in my spicy style, then your stomach will not get upset and it will also be fun, you have to consume it.  We Can't Run Away Current Events is a situation that is seen everywhere.