Hello friends, something like the scene of politics and geo politics of international politics is happening in the last few days, so I did not understand whether to make a video or not, what position to take because many things are getting salted and many a times I wait a little while making a video.  Because initial reactions come, this is a video, I will try to explain two or three things and you guys, the first thing to tell is this, the issue of relations with Canada has come up again, so in this, our government should Ask questions like are we Indians or should we support the government or is the Canadian government talking nonsense or is there something going on with Justin Trudeau and what is America saying, then all this is a bit mix and match to explain to the common man.  For this, I will work to provide clarity here only because I have seen that Modi ji makes videos against him to wake him up or he is also going on this issue, so here it happens that the creator is known.  It is okay that brother, you know that sister-in-law will speak only against mother-in-law, mother-in-law will speak only against daughter-in-law, it is a fact, but when it comes to family, brother, you are the women of that house, the respect of the house is in the hands of both of you. So that is the thing which is understood in all the families, those families flirt with it, fights between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law happen in every family, you all know that it is a natural thing, but where this distinction does not come.  So my take on this distinction is that we as age citizens should do two things, first of all, we should not create a lot of noise that we don't know what we have done by going there because they are claiming it, because every person has to redeem it as per his own.  The government wants to move forward in life by mixing a silent finger on all of you. The devotee types here are doing their own narrative and these trolls are from others because I am I am a person who oscillates between the two, okay this is also a fact, these people are separating us, I think we should keep quiet because what is Justice Trudeau ji, who is our Justin Trudeau, if he had something, he would have had one year.  If he is speaking from India then he would have given the proof, isn't it right? He has not given the proof, he has his own political compulsion. The second mistake that many of our countrymen are making is that every Sardar Bhai living in Canada, calling everyone Khalistani is very wrong.  There yes this trait is there but then it is very very minuscule there it is almost it is zero in India there it may be at 1% so doing that is also very wrong, through this video I want to tell that just Because this is something because this is what someone is trying to do, now who is that person, we don't know, say something from here, say something from there, America's language is also not good, America said Canada.  It is said that Canada is my friend, it should have great concerns, India, answer me, you are a shameless person, I have just bought those drones worth so many billions of dollars from you, your tongue is not silent, now it is visible, what kind of thing?  That is America, no one is anyone's friend, no one is anyone's friend, if father of the house, your sons have come, there is a scuffle with someone or something outside, then there is a scuffle in your house 50 times, but right now only father is with you. had to give  This is a natural thing, it is a different thing that some day you will also take a call with Papa ji sitting there saying, Papa ji, you are fighting with everyone so you know you also need to do but that is another day when today  If there is a fight or something, then the people at home have to say the same thing to us, what nonsense, why is Canada able to do all this, Canada has no more trade than us, no, it does not give us anything.  He does n't take much from us, health doesn't matter, the only thing is that our children go and study in his universities etc. Now I see this as the biggest problem for our children, although the data is that the number of citizens is not going to reduce.  To Canada, if you look at the last three-four days when Indians go to study and there is a slight decline in it now and it seems that there will be a lot of people in the coming time, then I think it is not a bad thing.  Appropriating to Canada, all do. How do the Indians in Canada feel? Please write in the comment section so that other people can know, but in the fight between two countries, the citizens of that country suffer because the citizens of Canada have come to India.  Those Canadian citizens who are not looking for a job or come here to stay, they are persons of Indian origin, so they are most welcome, no one will bother them anyway as they are Indians. We don't do anything like that to someone who is coming to India as a Canadian citizen. Well, that Canadian is not coming like the one who was born there, so these things will become a big parameter when it is decided that the children from here.  We are deciding that we have to settle somewhere in a foreign country because this geo politics will be version only in coming times because everyone has problems with all the countries, some are fighting the battle of Chaudhary in the world.  And to top it all, there is one more thing, it helps both the countries in diverting the attention of their local public towards a larger cause and to unite them. Justin Trudeau must be running his 50 teams in Canada. They must be asking him too. Brother, inflation is very high there, what about unemployment there, there is issue of housing prices there, there is issue of housing there, there are many issues there, just this.  Understand that it is in danger, because if it is in danger, then the narrative of danger goes on a lot. India will also be able to suit the government a little in a few days, if they do it like this, there was a momentum going on for other issues, that was Haryana.  After the elections, it has definitely reduced and as a social observer and political observer, I observe that it has happened, it has happened, now was the chance to do something to the opposition, even if we are not able to do anything.  The momentum will shift, now there are elections in Maharashtra, there will be videos on Maharashtra too, yes on Maharashtra elections, the second point I want to put from Maharashtra is that Lawrence Bishnoi is beyond comprehension as to how to work from home, he does not struggle with people.  What is happening in jail, what is happening, how is it happening, why is it happening, meaning, it is like very mysterious, beyond this, talking further also seems like what to do, how one person can  Do this because what is it, how will we catch the person who is caught in the jail again? He has been caught, so nothing can be done to him. This is such an Illuminati system of the gang world that there is no cure for it, so I came.  Don't know, at what level should this be discussed in the society, what effect is it having on us, how wrong is it? The off-course that happened in Mumbai in Maharashtra is very condemnable, but beyond that, what is happening next? Is there any anger from the public?  does not come  I don't see what I mean, somewhere inside I feel that as per the community or other wise, if you understand what I am trying to say, it is okay, that is, if the same thing had happened then the name of the person who changed it would have been reversed.  And if what happened to him would have been different, then it would have been the issue within the civilized society that would have aroused the anger of standing up for the wrong, saying that it should not be like this, law and order should not be bad, it should not be selective by the citizens, the brightest politicians, this.  We will do it selectively as per the state politics, it will be done soon but we as age citizens should raise our voice, what nonsense is this, how come, friend, I mean, if it is like this with them, then what about the rest of the people, then you people should understand both these things. What is your take? Please do write in the comment section. Videos on the channel will come regularly, but I want to bring beyond what is genuinely on the issue and what is on the mind of Maharashtra.  When the elections will come, the results of the Haryana elections were definitely shocking. Beyond that, now when the cabinet formation etc. will be done in Haryana, there will be further discussion on that. We as citizens want anything of ours, they want us personally, because of that, now I am  What benefits have to be taken further, what issues have to be raised, how to live life, there is a very large section of people in Haryana from whom I get such messages that those who say too much are not so.  I went into cold depression after the defeat and if a politician leaves then it is a normal thing because the general public sees my messages because they felt that after watching my old videos that I was supporting a section and a party.  And I am doing a narrative against a party, which I know within myself or not, I know what I am doing, why I am doing it, what I am doing is right and I have made ideology videos many times. By the way  If you go and watch my 100 episodes, I have explained my ideology to you guys in a video that brother, what am I doing, I am doing this, so they are coming as if I want to put some pressure whereas the fact is that brother, we are going to move on Haryana.  Have been elected and have become CM. Business is as usual. Now tell me what do you want from your government and tell them how it will work for 5 years. After that if there is a change then it will happen or it will not happen. So it will not happen, although I had told in an analysis that now I do not think that it is easy to expel BJP from Haryana, my prediction is that in the coming time, BJP will make Haryana like Gujarat, in Gujarat they have made Citadel, they have made Fortress, in Madhya Pradesh their second  It is a province, this is not the case with them in other provinces, in Rajasthan the bread is turning, in Himachal it is turning, in Punjab it has not been in power for a long time, Akali was with it earlier, it has been a long time, now it is Uttarakhand.  Even if Uttar Pradesh is considered a small state, it does not seem that it has become a fortress in any way because the opposition there is quite vocal, it is strong, in Bihar no one has come to power, even in Maharashtra, if you will not call it a fortress.  Haryana is one such third party, it keeps changing even in Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh. You know, these people have come to Orissa for the first time. There is no chance in Bengal, but now it seems that Haryana will remain with BJP for a long time. Will tell how the prediction is correct now because now BJP had the best chance, Congress had the best chance, that best chance window has been lost, now they will dig their heels, till now they were at the upper level, now they will go to the lower level, if there is delimitation then these three or four.  The topics were: How should you people from now on mix and match the politics which we read in the newspaper? We are not able to understand what is most important. The purpose of my channel is to show you how to consume politics and how to react. I bring support for that, we cannot do similar things in everything, just because we like BJP a lot, so we cannot support it completely on everything and accept that we do not like BJP and anyone else.  If we do, it does not mean that when it comes to larger issues, because I have found the opposition to be okay in this, the reaction of Canada has been okay to me, so far I have felt okay on the other issues, I am saying no on this. don't do it but this  What is YouTube, what does it mean once it becomes an unguided missile, it is a YouTuber, it is Godi, it is also a YouTuber which is technically spoken towards them, there are some anti-people too, take your name, he is Ajit Bharti, he is from BJP, Ravish is the same to you. Ajit Anjum will also be seen claiming like this. The people of Godi do not even claim that we are neutral. It is okay that they show it like this, but in such a space, people have caught a very clean narrative because  What doesn't the audience enjoy about that? These people have done it as if the non-veg people are thinking that those who are non- veg should go here, that means, those with non-veg should go here or they have done it in such a way that only those who are genuine should go here.  It is such a thing, isn't it, that we have to do it that way, I don't feel that it is any channel, I feel that it is my channel, but then I also need subscribers, I also need traction because of my time too.  I think I  I am also a capital person and I too do not have to recover the value of my time, so for that I would request you all to write in the comment section, first of all give feedback and secondly, make people around you subscribers of the channel because our people too. I also need such 40000 subscribers. This is also a good number. People with thinking, wisdom and consciousness will start thinking at intellectual level and will become independent. People may be thinking that they confuse neutral. What does neutral mean? I am neither of BJP nor of Congress, so I am neutral. It is impossible to be neutral. I have to be of BJP in some cases. If I have to be of Congress in some cases, then I am a neutral. I am an independent person on independent issues, if whatever happens, I am supporting Congress or if whatever happens, I am supporting BJP, then I am absolutely open-minded and this is this, then I am a worker.  It has already happened that if I am not a worker and I am a normal citizen then I cannot be neutral, there is no time to be neutral, you will have to be on one side of the issue that this work was done on Article 370, very good Agniveer did it brother, not very.  Good but now the people of Haryana have told you like this, on top of that Amit Shah ji has said that if any boy from Haryana comes from Agniveer, he will be given a job with Haryana Government or Central Government pension, now the number two leader has said.  Publicly said just yesterday when he had told Naib ji that he will become the Chief Minister, this is his statement, now my opinion has changed, it has changed again, now such a big leader is saying that pension will be acceptable, separate video on this.  I will make it, ok, then what to do now, now that it is done, it will be found, now the one who is dedicated will do it, the army will also be used, the meter will be reset, there was an uproar, we also felt that there was an uproar, but let's take advantage of that uproar.  If there was pressure somewhere or the other, did it benefit someone, was it wrong to raise the issue at that time? No, was n't it wrong, did so much issue be raised, if there was all this noise, it was beneficial, it was beneficial, now if some things happen like this, then what issue was raised? Look, we are living our lives like an angry uncle. We all have an uncle and we should not be happy. If we give him any problem, we can give him anything. If he has to remain angry, then we can't live.  Our Lives Like This We Have To Raise Issues Ask For What Ever We Want When We Get Something We Have To Move On Also We Can't Get That We Here We Ca n't Behave Like A Heartbroken Lover That It Was That Na Kisi Note P Some name of the girl was written in dash, she is unfaithful, what was the name, it became very viral, I don't want to take the name, darling, ask me, there was some name like this, but you were like, she is unfaithful.  So we should not write like this, BJP is unfaithful, Congress is like this, if a leader sees that something is wrong and makes corrections then he is a good leader, brother, so if you like the leader, you like him very much.  You are crazy and I am raising my voice and creating ruckus and if that leader listens to you and takes some action on what we are raising, then we are not your enemies but we are good citizens but your eyes were closed.  Infact that leader we  We should say thank you because we gave a feedback and they took the feedback like I say that my words are listened to at the highest level, I know in all the parties but I clearly see that BJP takes some action, Congress is like an elephant. BJP is as sharp as a chi, fox and leopard are like a leopard, Congress is just like an elephant, keep talking, it will move, it will move a little, then when it moves a little, it will keep moving, then say brother, no, no, no, if it does this a little.  Then it will take time to do this, there will be a lag, there is a knock, knock, knock, knock in BJP's house, so our MS citizen is not whether BJP wins or Congress wins, our M citizen should be that what we want is equal rights, law and order harmony in the country.  Love, opportunity, peace, increase in money, all these five or six things are needed by the country, stability is needed in every country, we should get this, BJP should give it, Congress should give it, someone should give it, someone should come to the state, we should not be more worried than this, no, this is not it.  Rule for 100 years, no, it is not necessary because if there is more rule, then arrogance will come. Whenever arrogance comes, we, our citizen journalist type, have to come and expose it. It can come from anyone at any time, from whomever it is.  Remove it, this is the message, what is going to happen in Maharashtra, you guys tell me, explain to the people of Maharashtra, what is happening, beyond that, I am also taking feedback from the people, Maharashtra elections are going to be very interesting, they have made Haryana elections so interesting.  If you make it interesting then brother, Maharashtra is going to be very interesting and it will affect us, it will affect us all of us, it is okay just because you do not live in Maharashtra, then do not think that the election of Maharashtra is not affecting us, it will affect us.  All of us so let's equally participate now run up to Maharashtra elections ok only a month is left there too and where what is happening in which direction is the wind blowing? What a very interesting fight is taking place in Maharashtra. If you guys are interested then please write 'M' in the comment section so that I can feel that because I am also content, it is important to create content that the audience enjoys and please channel.  Like Subscribe Increase Subscribers If you want to support the channel by taking membership, then take membership of the channel, on this also separate members only videos will start coming here, many more.  It is a small fee, you can thank you very much