Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting, you all must have seen that it will liberate you from within and you have to spread awareness about this thing and write in the comment section that Indians have not taken birth for doing this, what is this, that is the answer is China.  Do n't know from where the narrative is created. Don't know what to do. Have to program anything. Take the name of China. To push China back.  If so, then we are not born like this, this is the typical approach that there is a similar middle class that you have to beat your neighbour's child, you have to compete with your uncle, you have to compete with your brother-in-law, our birth is very reasonable.  Yes, there is some China, there is someone whom we have to lag behind, then in what we have to lag behind, in the economy and in other things, China has again wavered in its rich doing.  Something is right, yes, we are also the population like this, they are happy, do you really want to stay in China, do you really want India to become China, yes, we will do it for 60 years, we will do it for 70 years, now I am going to demotivate them to lower their moral.  I am not doing it, no no, child, you can never be a topper and I am just putting it into perspective, the amount of China's GDP grew in the last year. India's total is that much, okay, so it is not necessary that you are enjoying in one of your cars, life is a journey, you have a car, you drive it well, if you drive it, you will reach somewhere but you are on the road.  But if someone sees another vehicle and thinks of reversing it, then the stress is completely built up. Does our India's philosophy regarding wealth and life match that of Communist China? We have had sustainability here for many lives.  I have faith in myself, there is no space left, so what is happening in such a hurry, no, I will be happy to vote for him. Is this just a reason to divert attention from our actual issues which impact our lives by taking the name of China?  Talk about anything, ask anyone, do anything, don't back China, is that Narayan Murthy ji said now, I had made a 70-hour long video, you people have appreciated it a lot, it was very well made and very good arguments were given. One more thing remains for us, if India wants to beat China, what is this brother, why can't you beat China in Olympics, why do you have to count it in GDP, you bring medals in other things, count the medals, then gold comes to New Zealand which is visible in Dwarka.  New Zealand is sitting with the population of Garh and Rohini, it is 70 lakhs, it is okay, it comes with seven Gods, why are you making China lag behind, do it for New Zealand, these are the figures, right?  And this has to be done backwards and all this is a lot of misconceptions, a lot of pain has to be given in life, a common man has to tell you that whatever is your life, which is your father's life, make your life better, now on this.  I will try to tell you some things that we can do that and we have to do it out of the box. Now you tell us this idea that with this we will become better. Now China is lagging behind, it is not there, beyond that we have nothing to do with it. how many years  Whether you are a city, Delhi city or Rohtak, take Fatehabad, take Kota, take any district of India, we have around 750 districts, so why can't we do things within 50-100 kilometers of them, we can create businesses. Why are we selling so much from one place to another? There is a lot of focus on export as well. We have so much opportunity here. People from foreign countries want to set up business here and want to invest.  We want that India is an opportunity and we do n't know, we want to go somewhere outside, the local Kanjampatti is our focus, why should something be made in a small place like Rajasthan or Fatehabad or Bihar and then it goes food which is environment. It is understandable because it grows there, but if it is a suit, boot, tie, glasses, then it can be made anywhere, then this work can be done anywhere, wood work can be done anywhere.  If the work of clothes can be done somewhere then why is this thing not local there because its cost will be less, why are we not able to beat China in things because what about China, we will not buy Chinese goods, every time Diwali comes I said.  We will not use this, we will not take that, we will not take that, they say, still we buy everything because brother makes that thing cheap and gives it away, why can't we make it cheaper, is our labor very expensive, is our land even better than China? We have become expensive, what is it that China can do and we cannot do that out of the box and we will have to think that brother, you are investing a lot of money in your logistics, you are losing a lot of money, there are a lot of opportunities if you want t-shirts.  For some people, why are T-shirts being made there from Coimbatore, they are made there and not in Delhi, they are made there, they are very good, they will be made from there, they will come there like this, they are made in Tamil Nadu manufacturing, then you all these people.  GST, PST and all these calculations, then why don't they become the same and why not anywhere else? Where even GST is not levied, why so many SME players are not being encouraged for production up to Rs. 1 lakh, where five to 10 people together make 10 lakh rupees?  As soon as they do it, all the policies are added to it. Deduct labor loss PF, deduct their insurance, then do it like this, then do it that way. People tell you to do it, so those who are big are getting bigger, now they are making their monopoly. Ultimately, what are you doing now? Who are these ear-plugs, those who shoot boats, who come picking up Chinese goods and selling their stamps? So brother, how will you get rich? Now you are saying increase productivity.  Take it to China, are n't they doing some mischief, you are selling that kind of goods by taking their goods, as long as you take the goods from them, you are not going to get rich, they are making money, they are taking that money from you.  are you  Here you do it by branding and brooding and then whoever is the politician here, whatever is the thing, if you want to feed any unpolluted bitter pill, any thing is okay - respectful of party, respectful of government, state center, threatening so and so, anything that is not understood. Meaning, if you don't like it, face it, don't push China back, yes brother, you have to do it, yes yes, China has to do yes in everything, and China has to push back, and Pakistan has to.  So, I have kept it behind and let him attract me like this, this is the typical Indian mindset, isn't it, the neighbor who has taken that car of mine, now his Diwali is becoming Diwali, okay when this video is being made at the time of Diwali.  He fought so much, I will put such a one, mine should be better than that, why should this neighbor have to be beaten by this? The question is this and why do you have to take stress about it and if you have to do it properly then do something in actual, but you are not doing it.  You are living by suppressing imports. Check the trade deficit with China. How much does India give to them and how much does they give? India suppresses them and gives them raw material. We take the raw material of our country and we convert it into raw material.  They become very happy by doing so and then there will be a trade deficit. We took raw material worth Rs. 00, prepared it and gave it for Rs. 00 and it is not available from us here in Rs. 00, meaning we can buy that raw material from here.  First we will send the material there, then it will go there, then Bhai Saheb China will do something there and then send it again, it may have been taken here and there twice, but what is it in our system that where the material is, the same thing is next to it.  And Bhai Saheb is making it there, why can't he make it next door, his work is not happening and if you sell it there, the product will be cheap there, which means for this you will have to study Harvard Economics and some other thing.  Is there a need to be more of a business man or an IM or is it the brother who is giving raw material to China, goes so far, goes in the ship, does not know from where and reaches from where, it has a cost and then he buys it.  Then he sells, how many Indian businessmen follow the same model and go to China and deal in goods and come back and it has become very easy for them to do this. In India, we are not able to sort out each other.  We have to defeat China and then say anything, we have to push China back, we have already pushed China back in population, okay, we have pushed it back in population, yes yes, population is not a bad thing, but the graph is in our favor.  The fact is that in China there are no such people who are happy that Aarti is performed for them, there are no relatives of theirs, no maternal uncles, no paternal aunts, no aunts, no uncles.  Is there Tai or Tau? Why is there no Tai? Why is there no Tau? Why is there no Tau? Because father is the only child. One Child Policy came in 1980, so now it is not just relationships, that system started there also, boys were given priority there too.  There is love like in India too, especially in North India, there is love for boys, boys are very good for gender, if there is a girl then it used to be like this there too, now the reverse system has started that if the girl comes then there should be a house there.  For a boy and without a boy, if the family members give a separate house to the boy, then the marriage is not going to happen, you should accept this and the same thing will happen in India too, then China is not okay, we can just leave them. Suppose we don't do that much manufacturing, still try to get ahead in services, try to do something else, to beat them in everything, to beat them can't be the narrative of the country because if I have to beat them, then I have to beat them.  Tell me something, brother, it is a simple thing, they have a trillion dollar economy, check it, the math question is very easy, they have a trillion dollar economy, you have a trillion dollar economy, you are growing at one rate, they are also growing at the same rate. So, that math formula is not there, it is the formula of velocity which will be overtaken. A single vehicle is moving at 60 km on R and your distance is from the late.  If you are 10 kilometers behind, then how much speed do you have to increase to cover that distance, apply the formula and see and tell how many years there are, then you will know what a stupidity this is, within four years it would have grown. I told you that in the last four years the economy has grown as much as China and there has been no such fire, they also had Covid for two years, okay so it has been Covid for two years for four years and their Covid is the same. How was the situation, if it has originated then India's total is that much, now you tell me a figure, guess whether China will grow at 2 per cent or 3 per cent, India will grow at 10 per cent, whereas you also know that India will not grow at 10 per cent. And China is also not such a party of two or three, but even then we have overtaken by 6 or 7 percent, but even if the year is fine, brother, tell me how many years will it take, I am thinking.  This is a channel, I am not giving the answers by doing that, I want you all to work hard and write the answers and then in as many years, I don't know, the political situation will change one and a half thousand times, whose game will be played, what will happen in the world. Sustainable growth has to be seen, Diwali time is coming, auspicious profit has to be seen, profit is not profit, whenever you go, you see, auspicious is written on the left, then there is profit, auspicious profit has to be seen, that is sustainable.  This is our golden bird which our country was made of. Don't go in the pursuit of profit. China's faction is defeated. They have no goodwill in front of the whole world. They know that this is how Indian businesses are, India is a country again.  It is also seen that they will not loot, the thing about Indians is that yes, that means their quality is not known, they will make good, they will make bad and the timelines are not firm, China's timeline is firm, discipline is firm, if there is any order there.  Will put it, but then China wants to go there and capture them the way Indians don't do it, then people are still looking, the whole world is sitting like this, Africa is sitting like this, brother India, you do something, your nature is good, your nature is good.  Yes brother, but if you work like this then we have to explore those things, we have everything but we will do that China China China China by bringing those Chinese goods to India and you to Africa.  Will you do such a smart act from there, that is not going to happen to our India, we will have to do it in our own goodwill, we will have to do it and this is what has happened to us, there is a debate in the mind of 24 hours, oh, China has to be pushed back.  Stop holding back, tell me you are not worthy of being held back, we are elephants at our own pace, India elephant is moving at its own pace, elephant's pace cannot be increased too much and it cannot be stopped, elephant is cool but this Our country is forgetting the fun of an elephant. We don't know where to make a Ferrari here. Hey brother, you are going in your desire, enjoy it first. If you pick it up, then the engine will fly and the whole country will be like this.  Sitting is chronic fatigue. There is chronic fatigue in our country. Meet an average person who has a job or is not engaged. He is tired of waiting for a job, whether he will get high or low and the one who is doing a job is tired after coming inside someone. As for productivity, P for productivity has nothing to do with it. Yes, the company is very productive. Now whatever Narayan Murthy ji said is not productive, I want to open a poll to him, the data that has come out is that it is very productive, there is increase in employee revenue.  So the productivity has increased, right? And you are saying that productivity is yes, there is no benefit for him. He gave his whole body, mind and wealth, he did not get the money, you took away his juice, he did not get anything if he spent one hour.  I was earning ₹ 1, now he is earning ₹ 80 an hour and his hours have increased. You tell me, the starting salary of IT people, 10 years ago, the annual package was 2.5 to 3 lakhs and now theirs is ₹ 35.  It is Rs 4 lakh after 10 years and he was the CEO, his average salary was Rs 80 lakh 1 crore 10 years ago and now it is Rs 100 crore, check the list.  These are the firms and I am telling you by name that they come here because they come and sell this knowledge and go away. Like us, they are not saying that we have to do China or work very hard. Here, the whole program is broken.  It cannot go faster than this, the car is full, the accelerator is pressed and they are saying that it is not fun, and if you do it, your engine will explode and they are not enjoying, they are saying that China has to be pushed back and faster. and faster  Faster and faster and faster Hey brother, first you will have to increase the horse power of your engine, if you are trying to reverse, then first you will have to sit quietly, first you will have to stop, if you keep running on the tread mill, then you will reach somewhere. Na, it feels like a lot.  If you are running fast then look at theirs, all their CEOs are earning Rs 100 crores, they are listed companies, you just have to go and read their annual report, it is written that the salary of CO management is this. Salary of management and CEO increased 100 times and employee's salary not even doubled. Starting salary not even doubled in last 10-12 years. Means inflation is less than 5. If it is more than this then who is sucking whose blood and again and again?  -We have to come again and again, we have to tell the youth and we have to answer by throwing back, we were not born to leave China behind, let us live, we are not going to leave behind.  You have taken the contract, what were you doing behind for 75 years, we were behind and till 1980, China was behind, check India's GDP and all the data and it is not that India was running very fast, it is that India has a lot of race.  India too was going on like this, there was nothing great about India even till that time, after that it was not ours, it was hers, otherwise now we have to leave it behind, so yes, this generation will leave it behind, son, who is not your father.  I could do this to you now  Why do you have to do it brother, in a 50 over match you scored 150 runs in 35 overs, okay now you are saying that 15 overs are left, son, you score 150 overs and score 300 and leave China behind, although China does not play cricket but plays cricket.  The season is going on so I am giving an analogy of cricket. You got six outs in 35 overs and scored 150 runs. Okay, how much is the run rate? 4.2. Okay, now you are saying that  There are 15 overs left, you sold 150 for 10, neither is it Vikat, nor do you have that much potential, and if you double the run rate, then what will happen to Vikat Girgi? I am saying this, forget 300, forget this competition, keep your batting quietly 300. Don't go for the target, don't lose wickets, your individual life is a game and if you never get out here then maybe you will reach 240 in 50 overs.  Even if you haven't reached 300, you will reach 240. You can destroy such a total in the course of 300, you can get 175 and get all out too. You see this was in 35 overs and then you will say no, there is still a difference in the net run rate.  It seems that the teams who played against Shana Panti become the fourth finalist and semi-finalist, even if they were losing, what happened if they made up their mind that if they do not lose badly then they will be able to do something in future.  You will leave, there will be some benefit in the future, if something else happens, then this was the message, please you guys share this thing, I hope this is the essence that remains behind, you understand that a little pause and relaxation is okay, all the elders sitting in the park doing China.  Put it back son, put it back son, what were you doing? We couldn't do it for the last 40 years son, now it's your time son, oh that son will do it, daughter will do it, the new generation will do it, let them live, they have many things like that.  I am busy doing what they are doing, they are trying to figure out their own, they are not able to understand, children, don't do a job, don't do this, do that, do n't do that and you bring another list of demands to China, son, to China.  Want to push China back? On top of that, even the politicians will catch the slogan. If you want to push China back, brothers and sisters, then vote for this one. If I say this, they will then say you, this, that, like this, now where can I make the flowers and leaves, is it okay by hand?  Meaning, it does not depend on which one you like more. Okay, so I like these flowers and leaves. I like some other ones. Okay, so that one has nothing to do with that. If it has nothing to do with that, then please share, like. Thank you very much.