Hello friends, we will talk about the Indian economy which is not a heard or not discussed thing normally because what is the Indian economy, many people who live with the government are talking about 1 trillion, when will 1 trillion become 10, when will it become 20, so look at the numbers. Put in perspective, there are big numbers, sometimes this perspective has not been put in. There are three things which we Indians use a lot in our life, especially the middle class, it is noisy.  Does it use shot or do you know all three of them? Firstly, you are watching this video, you must be watching me from YouTube4 and you work or have studied in school. You are also middle class and lower middle class. Do you know that the third company is Microsoft, of which we have basic knowledge.  Everyone uses software. We know these three things. Brothers and sisters, I am talking only about the company. It is a US company. If you add the market cap of these three companies, then it is two and a half times the GDP of India. How many employees are they sitting with?  Look, the employees of these three will be less than the two sectors of your Dwarka. Grab the sectors of some of them. Sector 7 has to be caught. 19 have to be caught. You can catch all the world over employees of these three. Otherwise, what are you trying to say, friend, by persuasion.  I wish that all of you become happy with what is the GDP per capita. We are still at number 140 out of 142. No one is rich, no one is more great to be happy.  It's not a matter, yes, then who is saying to be sad or unhappy but I am unnecessarily refusing to march, four will become nine, five will become five. How much is your share in this? Brothers and sisters, if you understand this thing, please propose.  We are 10 people, we catch 10 random Indians, none of them earn Rs. 1,000,000 per month and one of our brother earns Rs. 91,000, so if we add, what will be the total income?  If we divide one lakh by 10 then it comes but how much is the capita 00, how much is it a miss leading, to estimate everyone above 10000 from one person's 91 whereas the truth is that only 000 are sitting there. Brothers and sisters, it is more important to say the median income and other things. In India, how many people earn less than Rs. 000 per month in actual? Don't talk about average. Average is very dangerous. I will tell you how it happens in this matter.  People can drown, can also drown. Yes, tell someone that friend, this is not a rivulet or a stream or whatever it is called, it is some fast moving water source, okay, the river becomes big, I tell him that it is small.  And it is so long and its average depth is 3 feet. After getting this information, you went to cross it. You did not know swimming and you drowned because from where you were crossing it was 7 feet.  The person told me the average was 3 feet  If the average is 3 feet, then at some places it may be one and a half feet, at some places it may be two, at some places it may be two and a half, or even three, and a half and a half, and in a very small place, perhaps it may be 7 feet or even 8 feet. You understand the average of the drowned man. So, these averages and statistics are used a lot, the government has stopped releasing the GST figures, do the math and check, you are not telling now, you are saying that we should have told earlier, we should have said something like this in a press conference. Brother, why brother, this is amazing, we will neither do census nor do population, we will not do anything, we will not tell anything, this means that it is fine, China does not disclose its data, it must be calculated somewhere and China too. We have gone through that too, what if GST means, isn't it like this? Too much is being collected. We don't want to show it to the public that it is too much. Two times the effort, three times the effort, more effort than the British.  It has not happened that too much has been taken from the poor, because sometimes what happens is that even on GST collection, the government cannot relax much, why the public does not know when the public gets angry, what is the reason, any data is disappearing. What is wrong with unemployment in this country, nothing is found out, you swallow it, nothing is found out, neither look bad nor tell bad, in 10 years everything was the same as before, whatever was done by the government, was it good?  It was bad as it was, the public gave them that many marks, okay, but brother, tell me all that, their papers were checked, yes, what have you done, how many marks are there, there is no question of checking here, brother, no one said anything.  Well, if you can say so, nowadays the devotees are decreasing, the eyes are opening slowly and very quickly. Brothers and sisters, it is not like that in our videos, we are just telling observational things. Whatever I have told is observational, it is not that Just no one is talking, I told you if you add three American companies, their GDP is two and a half times more than ours, two of their companies are two and a half times more than ours and one company is almost sitting on our GDP, googleapis.com, it will come out to be 3.67, whatever.  Niklega L Market Cap Microsoft Market Cap Kude jaa raha hai, aa hum paach tra tere tere re kneate hain tu kitne le ke baata hai No, when it increases, everyone's will increase, how much is yours increasing.  If India's GDP growth is happening at 6-7, although you know the matter of statistics and inflation is 6-7 and nominal GDP growth is happening at 14, then are your brothers and sisters network growing close to 14? Check or you are not lagging behind somewhere because the one with lower base will take it. It is easier for the one whose net worth is Rs 1 lakh to get Rs 2 lakh, but what about the one who is sitting on Rs 1 crore?  The one who is sitting on Rs. 60 lakhs has got Rs. 2 crores. What is happening to you, the middle class? You tell me, don't let the crazy people roam around in a stranger's marriage, what is this through videos, am I not in the opposition team, am I in the government?  I want to stop the opposition by doing devotion, no one does that, but if you are going in that direction then do not worship them too. Tell the opposition to check this and whoever tells the ruling party, tell this.  Tell me, check this. Tell me, check this. Stop doing devotion and chair leading. Now the budget is coming. Earlier also I have put a video of mine on the budget. Now there is time in the budget. Many people wrote that I am middle class in that budget video. You can understand it, okay, you are so confident that the middle class will not get anything, then why do you keep jumping, why do you keep jumping, when you are not getting anything, why don't you show displeasure or  displeasure  If you do n't know how to show, then in every middle class home the wife is angry, the parents are angry, the children are angry and if the boss of the husband who earns money is angry, then it is not that the phenomenon of being angry plays in the middle class.  Not playing out, playing out but equality, they do n't know how to show their displeasure, the only way to show displeasure is through social media feedback comment section and if the opposition has bought so many people, if so many people are speaking then  Too  Then the ruling party has to see what is happening, after all the accounts are frozen, from where are they getting the money to buy the people and after the arrival of electoral bonds, after so many, because look at the electoral bonds that BJP has taken so many.  It is being shown that BJP needs support the most in India. There is no money for Agniveer, they will spend money on advertisements. The accounts of other political parties have been frozen, yet they got 200 40 seats. Everyone protested against Milu, she came with so much money, you came with so much money, so it remains to be seen, brother, we have to talk about money, who needs what, what are you able to do, then BJP, which has so much money in the electoral bank,  If it has come, then why is the IT cell not able to perform? Now you have to see carefully why you are not able to buy. People are trolling people in the comment section like it used to be earlier because your model is traveling due to WhatsApp2 syndrome. I am here  When I say Guruji, then I am Guruji Tattva, while leaving, I will tell them also, I will also leave by telling the BJP people, if you want to avoid it, but this will also create an uproar, Broadcasting Bill is the only way, you will have to stop the voice of YouTube, BJP people. Otherwise, it will be very difficult, you will tell me, what kind of person are you with a self-destructive streak, this is what Guruji says, you do the same for both of them and you do this because if it doesn't happen now, then  The matter is messed up or the game has been shaken, people go, what does this mean? Someone says that we have 40 kg of rice in our house, it has become 500 kg, so many kg, oh brother, what are our expenses, is rice included in the fees, water system is working.  As for fees, you will have to pay in notes, clothes will come with notes, you will get electricity, you will get all the brooms, mops and utensils, the rest of the expenses are limited to one aspect, what is the meaning of 4 trillion dollars, do you have any meaning for Agniveer?  There is no money, okay, okay, for defense, are you looking at, what are the accounts, it is so spread in the unpolluted country, okay, inflation is rampant, tell me one thing, I want to ask, many times people say this to the public.  Or is there no negativity, something good must be happening, look, even a stopped clock keeps the correct time twice a day, it does not mean that you should start clapping it, something good must be happening, as if something bad happens, something good happens.  butt question  This is whether it is doing well because of the government. The question is this question is the performance of the government has to be checked. If out of these 10, eight things are not going well and two are going well then the performance is bad. We want us.  Whichever party is in power should fix things up to 6-7-8 out of 10 because it was you who made those promises, not like this, but now 30 days have passed. Government formation is fine, no road map is visible, it was said that there is a teaser and the main course is about to come, where is that main course and how much is it to check, tell me what is the great happening.  What were those plans of CAV? What does it mean? What difference is it making to our livelihood? Triple talaq was done to the public and they were very happy. Triple talaq, it means it will be someone else's eye. Okay, you are happy, it's great, be happy.  Yes, it is a good thing, I am not refusing, come to UCC, hey brother, money is coming in your pocket but Article 370B is there, so yes, it is a good thing, Adani ji has bought land there, Lithium has arrived, now Adani's electrical vehicles will come.  The couplets will probably be read, maybe it is a good thing, I am not saying it sarcastically, it is genuine, it is good that it has been removed, where am I saying that I am refusing, but what happened in your life by removing it, this is the new judicial literature that has come.  The good thing is that IPC is now applicable in Kashmir also. Yes very nice, it is very good. However, you should also read the section 172 in it. You should also read the sector 16, section 69. What is it about? Videos beyond that.  We will come, okay, it is a good thing, so who is refusing, it is a good thing and it would have been better if there was a discussion, just like that, all the MPs were passed by suspending them in the Parliament, but it was not.  Discuss a right thing now. The question is not that what has happened has not been done, but the question is that our life is not getting affected right now. It is like something Papa ji is saying that she roamed there after seeing it.  Will go on a tour, then it will be like this in future, see like this, hey, don't do it, tell me something right now, if people use that in many videos, that of Arvind Kejriwal ji, then do it for one second, you must have heard that, now I am my editor.  This is not done by editor but they create many good content like this in everything, people use it like this, then why is nothing happening here, why is the budget not being spent, the middle class is watching very well.  I will also analyze it very well because the numbers will be given, this was done for the poor to increase the rural income, this was done, hey, in this country, apart from the poor, there are some other people who are taking this country forward.  and paying taxes See something about them too and understand because they will all run away from the country and then there will be poverty and then there will be no tax to help the poor. Also, it is okay and these poor people are in the middle. Look, my audience is clearly defined for me.  There is support for the poor, it is okay and there is a lot of love, we all are Indians, we are brothers and sisters, but brothers can talk about one person, otherwise the whole content goes up and down, okay, so brother, poor, poor, now. Middle class also shows displeasure. You people don't know how to show displeasure. People only get angry with you. Those who get displeasure after seeing my content, they get angry at me too. When you write, trolls come at me once.  It's okay if you get fired, but you can fire it on someone else, do n't you have the courage or have you used magic, only one of two things can happen, bye because the ground situation is bad, we are only telling the ground situation, just check the GDP per capita.  Look, how much are you now and what were you? Check how many years have you been there and what have you been there. And let us not even talk about the happiness index. If we do n't like the index then they say that this is wrong, this is wrong, this is that, and so on.  If it suits you, sometimes you jump on the Ease of Doing Business, we are wow, wow, and then if you don't jump, if you are stuck, then yours has become spoiled. You people can't do it selectively like this, so there is a way of becoming a slogan, that's a little.  like you somewhere else too  Show your displeasure. All the displeasure has come after voting. Now the votes are visible, it has not been erased yet. Okay, so after voting, I am not saying that there may be a little change. I voted for 5 years but now.  Check, whoever voted for you, check even more that he voted for you, perform, brother, player, or will you cheer leading for him, I have selected him, no one will say anything to him, he is my brother, he is like this.  Do you want to live with the feeling or will you say that yes sir, government, please answer, what answer do you want to give, what will you say, tell me, what do you people say, these are the figures in your face, they are real, they are false, they can be checked by doing the analysis. What is the market cap, no need to jump so much, we Indians have a very long journey, we still have to feed 80 crore people, they do not provide carbohydrates, they do not even provide proteins, they do not provide pulses, we are fine, we are giving only rice and this is what we are giving. carbohydrates are just  Okay, and they are giving 80 crores to the people and are celebrating that too, I have given 80 crores, I don't have to pay for putting my photo, the farmer grew it, the tax payer gave the money, with that money the government bought this wheat which the farmer worked hard for.  He grew it, took it and distributed it among the poor people, he has put only his photo, there is nothing else and if you give it without the photo, then maybe the cost of that bag gets reduced, because even with the photo, there must be some cost on the bag, isn't it?  bag by the way  Just give it as it is made and put a photo on it and write something on it, there must be some difference in the cost, so this is it and add Rs 22000 crore for that and then even if you go to vote, sing the same thing next time.  They will also say like this, gave it to 80 crores, gave it to 100 crores, okay then please, you will not get such good marks, this is a very normal thing, please share, like and if you get pinching pain in these things, then those who  If someone writes pain, instead of trolling me, he is angry about me, what is his anger about me, he never says anything to the messenger, many people get angry, like it happens many times, oh king, he has become a prince, so he should take it out like this and give something.  Okay, why are you killing the messenger, I mean, some news should be given by mistake that he had gone there to fight, now that has happened, now people kill some messenger, this is the problem, I am just a messenger only. No messenger of no, no big messenger, no small messenger, who is watching and reading that brother, GST has stopped, forget to give the number, why are you doing this, there is no reasoning, we will not tell you the GST number, GST is collected from us.  And how much is collected from which state, how was it done and to tell it to everyone so that there is competition and everyone knows how much Haryana is giving, how much UP is giving, Noida vs Gurgaon, do anything, it is okay Mumbai vs.  Do Delhi or whatever Maharashtra vs Tamil, don't tell me, don't tell me, how much is happening, it is important for the states also because when GST is collected, it also goes to the state, is n't it right? How much is IGST and SGST? How much is CGST, what is the problem in telling openly, but why would we ask questions because most of the audience pay GST when they buy goods but some of them are vouchers, we don't know and we are What should we do? What should we ask? What do we know? The public has to be aware that is the message. It should be known. What is happening? What are you doing? Otherwise, what is there again after a year, did that, did this, did that there, did that now.  I am not even getting to listen to those stories, I am just saying tell a few statements, do a few statements, do some good work but even that is not something, if you don't see anything happening then what do you people have to do in the comment section.  pour thanks  you very much