Hello friends, One Think Which Nobody Bill Tells You About Inflation and Employment, We will discuss this, I am getting very good response on this channel, a lot of people have come to this channel from Bill Note, Love Affection is not what I want as much as I am getting, for which I am very thankful.  I am six, read this message friend, no one is discussing everything like this, inflation and unemployment or employment is fine, this is a big issue, this is news these days.  This is explained on the channel and everywhere else, let us make it clear once because even the government cannot tell, neither can the opposition tell, nor can any politician tell the thing, because if it is told what I am going to tell, then their further  Will fall further, those people will say that Hindus are only one, then they are making people crazy, politics, politicians, government notes, control employment and inflation, just leave it, some people can do this and go and some people who want to understand new things can join.  To get some fear, ask yourself a question, if it is in their hands and they can generate employment easily, making a promise is a different thing, but making a promise to someone which is not in their hands, then it is the same thing.  These are the clocks of C. If it strikes 12:00, you will get votes. 6. Inflation is a matter of timing. You tell me when Ukraine can control it. Will the dollar printed here in our country print so much and export its inflation?  Is it in the rest of the world and the whole world imports, can we back it? Can we control the prices of crude oil? Everything is linked with the date. How much fear will the society go from here to there? Can we control the rain and weather that will happen? Oh no, the government.  Do something Shakti, listen then right government, like if someone has fever of 104 then look for paracetamol, he has power to do 1021 but can't cure his disease Shakti, why did this fever come, then it became 9900, then what is the start up?  There was an uproar, this child then started to bandage him, then gave him some injection of cold water and then he came down a little. There is an English saying that give is power, you give money, this poor man, I will reduce the inflation or the government will give petrol and diesel and him. But there are other duties which are sometimes said that if the elections were not coming then this is the market link then if the elections are flooded then reduce them now means no one is in it now if they reduce the taxes then if the taxes are reduced there then there.  If you get a little release then brother story and some more floods.  It's something like date, you have water in one area, you poured water there, like there are two buckets of water in this bucket, now the water of this party is getting too much in this bucket, so you picked it up and poured it here that this party  If the water of this big bucket is a little less now, then it means that if this bucket gets flooded then you can reduce this inflation from a temporary story, you tell me, if the government fixes the minimum selling price and increasing the minimum selling price is a relief, then brother, that food will never be less.  It is possible because they have to pay that much which is not according to the market. Now they say that we will pay for onion and tomato also. When onion and tomato are priced at ₹ 200, then no one talks about SP. It is okay because now.  So I got it because of this, but when it falls to ₹ 24, then for some reason people get very sad, this is not the case, so now for the sake of the farmer, we have to see the condition of the farmer, what is the farmer's choice?  bye uselessness  Is it or can he do something else? Hey, if you want to open your mouth in the matter of which of them, then it was like that young picture was like that of a farmer, how did you show it, how much is discussed in the matter of farmer's suicide, but this, my brothers, if 60 crores  If there are people then suicide happens from many regions, film stars are also committing suicide, TV stars are also committing suicide, government employees are also committing suicide, private sector is also committing suicide, daughter-in-law is also committing suicide and son-in-law is also committing suicide. OK  Men are also doing it, women are also doing it, okay everyone is doing it, even students are doing it, those who are unemployed are also doing it, those who are engaged are also doing it, those who are married are also doing it, those who have Rakhi are also doing it.  She is not married and she is also doing it and a farmer is also doing it, then you will say that there are so many accidents, it will be like walking on the road that there will be lakhs and two lakhs of accident dead in India, no matter what the figure is, you will get more, you took anything and did it for her.  take that narrative there  Then if you make money there, then this inflation cannot be controlled and this is flooding this, this is causing losses. Think about how to create this system of employment. So, when we create this system, we say something to a businessman that let's go.  You do it, you open it, you get employment, in this way some hidden devotional reporter is a caste, this one is taking advantage of someone else, someone is doing this, someone is doing that, then he becomes silent and that.  They were buying companies, they were expanding, they were doing that, they become silent, then the opposition would speak, then they would say something, then nothing would have happened, if this was the old system, 500 thousand 2010 years old, here the king could decide anything. If I could, the economy would have been running very well. Yes, I have a business, you are a businessman, I will give this to you and you do this like this and the public will be benefited. No one will say, why did you do this to this businessman? I am a king and I too am.  Should I give a condom to a businessman? What is the big deal in democracy itself? It is a shoe, but I am not saying that leave democracy, but I am in it. Nothing is in their hands, it is not employment, it is flood power. Employment will increase as much as it increases in these terms of opportunities and  There are many types of jobs that no one wants to do, that is, if you beg in Gurgaon, the electrician does not come to your house.  So that means electrician is in great demand but one does not want to become an electrician, if one begs then the plumber does not come, it is less than ₹ 200, promise 500, even then he does not come, you need a good cook, you are ready to pay ₹ 20000, you are not able to find a good cook.  I do n't know of any kind, I don't know, I have n't taken any hotel, I am telling him here that you don't have any kind of employment but everyone has WhatsApp as something. And if employment is to be made then the dynamic of employment is something that no one can do. Right now Amitabh Kant is the only scenery government official. He himself said in the interview that he was behind the government job. He was very big in NITI Aayog. He was also Sherpa of G-20. Meaning, he is a very spoken or powerful or inflation or whatever bureaucrat but he is still associated with the government, he himself is speaking in the government capacity but now he is the government.  Which type of employment should I give to my peons? Give me a raise that brother, we are doing peon recruitment, what to do, where to increase it, but at least he will not accept it, not ours, because when he was in opposition, he also used to say this.  The opposition has also come and is saying this and the public also feels that no government can control employment and inflation, will power be achieved by a thousand jobs in 4 months, will anything be achieved by lakh jobs, 10 lakh children policy  The Commission's figure is that 10 lakh children are coming to the market in India every month, 1 crore 20 are coming in a year, no one can do employment for 1 crore 20, they will have to stop doing small business on their own, they will have to have a full-fledged plant and if that is on the face  Once someone comes to speak, what do you want to do, then tell me, then why did you catch him? Once the Prime Minister even tried to say, 'My friend, my chai is not a tea stall, it is a pakoda stall', it is good.  Will put oil on pakoras, now this quality will remain, it is better to sell pakodas than doing nothing, it is better to do nothing, I am not of the opinion that this should be your first choice, you did not even say in your first choice, why am I? I am here, you open a restaurant, you make a movie, you launch a broom, but I am here, it is better to sell pakodas than to do nothing because whatever you do in India will sell you dead crores.  You will do anything in the population, what is the history of what to do, this is a practical history, I give the last time I made a video, it went on for so long, I had to stop it, so I have an idea, I don't have a sexy history, but you can work for good money and I What happened to Pappu's affair intentionally? Why did I become sad? I got such a good idea from this video, everyone got hooked on me. Hey, tell me how to do it, then tell me. This is the problem of the middle class, this is the problem.  Give me that, you will catch it completely, you do it, I had also said in the video that friend, give me the bank account, I will give the money, then why do you have to do anything, keep preparing for UPSC, keep preparing for the exams or else you  If you tell me, I will give you a practical history where you have to do it only, I will not tell you about multi-level marketing and will only give you the idea, do not think that I will execute it completely, you will have to work hard to execute it.  If you are told that A plus B is a whole square, then put 8 plus 5 square of 13 plus B square and you will get the answer. No, you are not going to do it by doing mine, no one has that much time and energy, so spread this thing. This message is very important and if you have not subscribed to the channel yet, Sir, if you are watching ahead, then definitely subscribe it and if you press the bell icon, the benefit of it is that as soon as the video is released, you will receive a bell.  When you see the icon, you will get a message because sometimes it happens that a video becomes such that I don't want too many people to see it, I have to say this many times, friend, don't forward this one, keep this one, that's it.  People take care of me in that too because sometimes, whatever we believe, people definitely have to do less, this is also psychology, so sometimes they ask you to stop the video or not, if everyone gets to know about that message then it will hurt. Soil  But in India, the population is so high and things are so dynamic that once you tell one thing to one person, if it gets back to him then everyone will understand, everyone will start doing it and then it is as tight as counting, good money is good, all the people will understand it.  Mandal G Gayi, have you become so much, are you sitting idle, then this is the problem, the advice given today will not reduce it after 3 months or 6 months, this can also happen, thank you