Hello friends, today we will discuss Kangana ji 's slap gate. We will discuss the slap incident that happened. Beyond that, I will try to give clarity to you people. There will be two aspects of it, one is this aspect and the other is the first aspect which is important for any woman.  Slapping, be it a woman or anyone, is condemnable and justifying it is absolutely wrong or not, these people are being very sadistic, I know but it is wrong but it is a matter of utmost concern.  Any person inside the uniform, whether it is a man or a woman, did it because if the word uniform is used, they will see you as uniform, that is, everyone is equal, the moment you wear the uniform, then your caste and religion becomes secondary, when you wear the uniform, you have to protest.  If you want to do such things, killing and doing violence like this is never justified, but if you want to protest then there are different ways to do it, you cannot do it in uniform.  This is absolutely wrong, so this is one aspect, now people are supporting what that girl has done, this show has come down to because of this, now the second aspect in this which I would like to say is that when Kangana ji says something to the people  And nothing happens to them i.e. there is no loss case and she has been saying for many days that Hrithik Roshan case and then Javed Akhtar case and even then many people were told Rs 100,100. Khalistani are sitting in the Congress, they speak words loosely and this is called freedom of speech, so this thing is also very condemnable, whereas this act is not being justified, but no one stands in their support, they created ruckus four-five times, Bollywood  If he is not saying anything, then everyone liked a tweet and shared it, that much is his support, but one thing which was not discussed because as soon as he came and made his video, then he posted it somewhere. Khalistani has also used such a word and now his picture is coming emergency, now every time like us it is not a speculative stunt, has anyone investigated this angle yet? This incident should definitely be investigated in detail.  And it should come in the public domain because if the public is wasting so much time in the public space, then it should come till the end. What exactly happens if I study psychology and human behavior and as a consultant?  I live, I am very evolved. Even if a person doesn't like someone and there is an issue, he doesn't slap anyone on sight. This is also a fact. Was there any more altercation there, was anything said again?  This is what is called when someone is already filled with someone's name and now after coming and pouring more water into it and it spills out, there should be a clear cut of what was said and how it was said to our Sikh brothers. This much  Using this word loosely is very unfortunate by the ruling party MP and it is unfortunate that there is no such thing as such on social media, now that they have got a constitutional post, it is very condemnable for them to do this and these are the sensitivities.  This shows that we are going in a very wrong direction and I request all our Sikh brothers and sisters here that if someone says something like this then you will definitely be angry at him.  But that is not a majority opinion, it is not even a minority opinion, they are like fingers on each hand, put as many or as many as they call, they are loose missiles, they are unguided missiles, this and this is so much embarrassment, according to me, for BJP also.  BJP also does not want such things that Modi ji's third inning is just starting, this is the end of this conflict in the first over, this is a mother-in-law and daughter-in-law drama type because  What happens with this is that neither ladies come anywhere nor comes with all this, so it seems that why do you give them Tiktok, this is also a fact, they go everywhere and bring these issues, now they will not say, what is their fault in this?  That thing that he has been slapped is also true, but brother, what will he say later, the person on whom he has been slapped will come again and act on the same thing. See the slap, I am telling you, Arvind Kejriwal is now busy with Kanhaiya. Such incidents have happened with big leaders like Bhupendra Singh Hooda, in which he never gave such a big blame to the killer that he is getting rings, his cases are being fought, he is getting job offers, if he does not do anything like this then  This shows the political immaturity of Kangana ji. This is not the first time that something has happened to a leader. The law could have taken its own course. Whatever happens immediately, shouldn't I make a video as soon as I land and tell everything, brother, you had told the law authorities that the issue was about to happen on its own, whatever has to happen has to happen, so no case is registered by making your video, it is okay but they have  I thought that I don't know whether I will get sympathy or campath, now I said to that thing that just as Indira Gandhi ji was attacked, in the same way, she made herself equal to Indira Gandhi ji because there is a misunderstanding.  Megla Loman, Megla, I will remember English next time. It's okay. Let me tell you exactly. What is the problem in considering yourself so big but you are not getting sympathy from anywhere? She has become MP, focus on the welfare of the people there.  Do this, ask proper questions, do proper work and do n't do these publicity stunts, don't do these four boat rides that I will get so much fame from MP and do that through sales marketing. I will not have to put the budget of the movie in it and hit here, don't work like this, both are different works, do them in different places, how will the timing get mixed that the picture is releasing in June, it is emergency and you are equating it.  Yes, and like that, you are making it an issue, there are other things in India, no, the woman got shocked, what could be higher than this, there is no end like this, the woman was also a female wrestler, she was there, what did she do at her time, so where is this?  getting slapped is a lot  It is condemnable especially from the uniform of personal and it shows that even inside the uniform we will have to put some checks and balances, we will have to put something or the other as to who is posted where according to how long and what is the account of whom but in this incident there is a must inquiry and that inquiry.  What should be made public? What happened? Is that Kulwinder ji his name? Did he slap Kangana ji on seeing him or just wait?  I was just wondering when she would come from there and I immediately told my mother this and I was waiting because it is a bit difficult for me to believe, maybe I am not denying it might not have happened or it might not happen but what?  Something has happened before that, whether checking of purse, checking of mobile, speaking of some words, something else, everything needs to be this thing and whose mistakes should be addressed to that extent.  There should be as much warning as is justified and as much punishment should be given as per the fault. If both the parties are at fault, then both the parties should get it. And there is also a social thing that you cannot open your mouth just like that, one does not go for the other just like that.  You can say, oh you are all like this, you are all like this, you are all like this, then you are like that, brother, we are all this and all this, this is the middle word that you all are like this because they are all not like this, not even a little, very like.  They say even with the whole finger You cannot blame anyone for such a thing, in this way and by force, I feel that these are incendiary acts and in this, they are exactly like they are in the society, if they do not get support, then they themselves have to introspect, then those people will say.  Why support you, you read something to you, you told the law, now what should we support by casting a vote, the police takes the decision brother, if a person does something illegal to another person, then the law will take its course. If every person is not supporting in that, then introspect why he is not doing it, why are you shaming him or not, he is not doing it, you yourself should release that Vishal Dalani ji who again does not support you when he goes against you. Why are you going opposite to the thing and saying that I will give her a job and after doing this, you have to just introspect why not because where did that Karina Sena go, who considered Kangana ji as his daughter, a Rajput person?  It was said that when Shiv Sena did there in Mumbai, that Karni Sena was standing like this, but the same Karni Sena also gave a statement that when their personal Vikramaditya ji, who again comes from the same community and his wife, said there, on the contrary, they made such a statement.  When given, he also removed his hand. He also removed his hand. He too, he too is not supporting. Your community is not supporting Kangana ji. Your fraternity is not supporting. Your party is not supporting.  I too did not make any statement, it is very big, if you saw it, you would say, what kind of footage is this, I mean, everything is happening here, everything is going on here, we are moving forward so much, this is our own separate footage, so when there is no support from anyone.  Found your own community, your own fraternity where you work and where your party is, you have to introspect that you should not create so much noise, you should not get so much weightage, it is wrong that if someone's car gets stalled, they call it an accident, then whatever the police will do about it.  There is an activity, there is an inquiry, it will be a departmental inquiry, the culprit should be punished, again I said, it is very wrong to do this to a uniformed personal, it is wrong even for a normal person, but doing that to a uniformed personal is very wrong.  This is me because sometimes people also become like what are you doing, there is no uniform personal support to this at all, if this protector itself becomes a predator then the society cannot run.  That is certainly condemnable, but beyond that, how much more can we talk about? It is condemnable, but Kangana Ranath ji will also have to introspect, what is your opinion on this whole matter of you guys who are my audience, please tell us that we cannot use abusive words, speak with her.  It was very good, it should have been like this, she deserved it, this is also a very wrong thinking, saying that nobody deserves this is a disappointment, that is wrong, so question that too within the law.  How can you come and say this and get away with this but some times what happens that someone gets away by saying anything to anybody and one feels like crying at one's time, this thing also has to be done by the society that one should be of law manner.  That if you say something to a farmer, he cannot defame him because the farmer is poor and you are telling him that you are sitting on Rs 10,000, then the poor farmer is deprived of his rights.  He is fighting for the same, yes he will go and defamate a person and if someone does the opposite, if someone tells them something is ok then it becomes defamatory, then a case can be made that by doing this they have defamed them, then it is ok.  So, it has become very laugh- sided, that is, if any person becomes powerful, he will say, 'My name is mine, you have defamed me, it is my name, and if you defame me, I will file a case, but you people are disrespectful'. What is your status? I label everyone. If the whole community gets together and files a case, then what answer will you give? And then a judge will sit in the court and say yes madam, tell me, what do you mean by all this? I know my Lord I want this to happen again just because they are not doing it but now I want to say through here that this is happening to some extent in our North India in Haryana Punjab.  This is based on emotions, but brother, listen, there is law in the country and you will get recourse in it when you give the woman who has done this, which according to me is a matter of condemnation because the uniform is personal, she should not have done it, but you are giving her a gold ring.  You are ready to give a case to defend him, you are celebrating him and doing this, then brother, when you were there, if you had been asked to do so, you could have filed a case at the same time, do you understand what I am saying? put it at that time so that  In future, if anyone wants to get involved in the cases then it could have been done like this. This is my independent opinion because I am working to pour cold water wherever there is such a hot pot in the society, but here to give clarity on this issue.  But it was very important that something wrong happened because what about people, whenever any issue comes up, they take sides, no, this is wrong, this is wrong, or this is right, or this is wrong, this is slapping.  There is definitely something wrong with the uniform, there is no denyer to him but there is a story behind it too, there is a back story, there is a story of that day and there are also actions after the incident and it is not that it will end and You will not see any episodes like this in the future, they will keep happening like this until someone is there to say that do introspection, it is necessary here. When I say brother, get married, do it, if you are a husband, if you are someone's husband 's wife, then someone will teach you firmly.  to teach  The rest is there, no one says anything, then who is the one to say it, this is the problem, no one can teach, whether it is a husband or a wife, it is very important for the society to know that brother, he will tell, friend, do a little because no one has the courage.  Had he not said, then who would give advice, he considers himself a man so much that the status of the new MP, brother, MP is not such a big thing, as it seems, if there are 543 members of Rajya Sabha, then it becomes 800.  be close So many people go and go like this in India, after multiplying by the meeting, I do n't know how many came and how many went, don't think that if you are a law- abiding citizen, if they tell you to get checked, get purse, get MP, something like this happens.  It is not written that your check is empty, it is written that those 20 people are the President of India, that your checking will not be done, it is written that if you are not his name, then brother, you will be checked, you will feel bad in that.  There is no need to accept this, this was a message, it was a balanced message, I liked it, got clarity, please write your opinion on this in the comment section, and my request is that there is no need to make a toxic opinion that it was very good, it was not good at all.  This incident is not good for anyone. This incident is not good for the society. We as a society have to learn a lot from this. So like and share the channel. Thank you again.