Hello friends, I feel like teaching a little politics through this video. The audience will enjoy if you can learn it. This is not learned anywhere in the study of political science etc. The real politics is that of a person from a different background.  If I can teach, then I have chosen two provinces, Haryana and Maharashtra, I have a good relation with both, okay, it is a very great relation, so what is the relation, let's leave it and start the discussion on politics, here a particular party supports and opposes me.  Don't do anything like that as if you have to give a disclaimer, many of my audience also get irritated. Did I understand or not? You tell me, hey brother, new people also have to be added. You are finding the food tasty, the food is looking fine but tell others.  So it will have to be a little more chilli in it or if it is like that, then listen to it for 15 seconds and then let's start. Yes, there is a dominant caste in Haryana and Maharashtra. There is a community in Haryana of 30 people.  Is there Maratha or Jat community there? It is okay in Haryana and this kind of politics was going on. BJP is a very intelligent party, it has intelligent leadership and there are many people with brains. BJP was nowhere in the 90s.  And there used to be a dominant caste politics, okay these things which have been applied in these two states in this formula, this has happened in other states also but it has happened with variety, so in those states I am not taking the example by asking because then he is a complex min caste, he gets matured due to which over a period of time the rest of the people start getting matured. 36 fraternity, by doing this and that, these pitchers have become famous, then if we will do politics of it.  And if we make it this dominant cast versus this, then the story will be, then whatever they did, they did, they achieved power by doing it, when they achieved it, then like here  But our Shri Khattar ji was made the Chief Minister of Haryana, who comes from the Punjabi community. When his turn came, Devendra Fadnavis, who again comes from the Brahmin community, was made the Chief Minister. And beyond that, I will not tell about the personal of both of them, what are the administrative skills, here I will only  I will talk about caste and caste and what is its difference. If I talk about only this, then when Devendra Furnace was the Chief Minister for 10 and a half years, then  You have done a lot of this politics, they call it social engineering, this and this is good, good politics, I will say, it is fine from the political point of view, very well done, now you tell me, now my people will also be there, now see Guruji, after doing it in feeling, you have to tell me to speak like this.  While I am with my caste, they say with him, don't ask about the caste of a sadhu, take the knowledge, do peacock, let it be about the sword, I have come, I have to tell, now here I am teaching a lesson to the BJP people also, I am Congress.  I am giving it to the people also, I am giving it to my community also, I am explaining it to the Marathas also, I am explaining it to the Jats also, I am explaining it to the Punjabis also, I am explaining it to everyone that brother, this is what is happening, this is what I have seen with my own eyes.  The situation is there, there is no need to believe bad in it, there is a need to learn. An intelligent person will learn that there is no win or loss in this and that thing is not like this, it will be like this, it will be like this, okay, so whenever the spun spring goes to one side.  if yes then rebound  The effect is that the pendulum goes to one side and then it has to come to the other side. That energy is filled, so when the leadership was Jat leadership, Devi Lal ji, earlier there were many leaders, it is fine, then only those Jat leaders had less feeling, they were like this.  There was a feeling that they are the leaders of the farmers, even before that it is okay that you go away and take the example of Chaudhary Charan Singh of many other people in leadership positions, now Chaudhary Charan Singh's son is in RLD.  Are you contesting the election of two MPs? What happened? I became the leader of only Jats, the same thing happened that if the leadership was there, if you are a leader, you have to be no one else looking other than your caste because you You just join the cast, you come to your community and then you become their leader, through that you can never become a great leader, you cannot remain sustainable and then again they say that  Aren't cracks exist? To take advantage of those cracks, a political party will come and take that ideal. Now, just like Naib Saini ji has been made the Chief Minister in Haryana, there is a vote bank of only 3 people, so what is there for 3 people?  It is not that the vote bank of 3 will greatly shake the politics of Haryana, but the message is that brother, everyone else will also be seen, our party takes everyone along with it till the elections are held.  If we put Jats versus others or make it like Maratha versus others, then it will work. This is the first time that Congress has either called Jats or it has told different communities, listen brother, you can fight the elections. Rao Saheb will contest from Bhiwani.  This is the first time this has happened in the politics of Haryana, I am telling you and I am very dear to you, I am a Guruji man for me, so many times people approach me for consultation. Give a discount to the community, I said no brother, everyone is equal, it is free, so it is free for everyone, if there is money, there is money for everyone, there is no discrimination in this or if you are of any choice, then it is mine from within and I have to say this for the first time.  It will happen that Jats will vote for Yadav and will also do canvassing. This is happening for the first time in the history of Haryana and I consider this thing as brotherhood and a very good thing and that is also an effect of Covid. Many people released in Covid also. Political party does not belong to anyone, they have separated us from each other, brotherhood is ours only, I know the Jat agitation that happened in 2016 and how much happened in it, it happened like this, it happened like this and it was in bad taste, I was the agitator, how did it happen?  What happened will be very political and someday we will create an environment for that too. I will explain it by making a video and a case study. I will try to bring more positivity in it because no politics was played in it. It is okay for the general public.  Misuse and use is fine and there was a very bad taste in it and you know how that happened and after that everyone turned to finger lips, then 19 came, 20 came and then this farmer agitation came and you know what this is with the farmers.  When the accounts were settled, this was what it was - this time the elections are not going to be this Jat versus rest. I tell you from Haryana that Maharashtra has become very complicated but the same politics has been played there too, that is, Maratha. Take Maratha here and set him against you, because what happens is that even the people from the dominant caste behave badly, period or time, and all this happens because power always corrupts.  Give it to someone for a long time It's not about cast It's not about gender It's not about party It's not about idol  Yes, you make someone Chaudhary for a long time and others will definitely like him, this is a fact, so this time for the first time, that feeling of brotherhood is coming, if you see that the Congress candidate from Bhiwani seat is called Jat.  They do this election against Jats, they have given ticket to Rao Saheb whereas BJP has given ticket to others. You are thinking that if you go to Sirsa then only non-Jats will get the ticket from Sirsa.  Ticket has been kept, you come to Gurgaon, Raj Babar Saheb is not a Jat in Gurgaon, okay, so the community you know is fine, after that we go here to Karnal, see who is fighting, see in Ambala.  Look, who is fighting on the basis of caste, I am opposite, it was a mistake in Sonipat also, last time Bhupendra Hooda ji should not have fought because he is like you, Bhupendra Hooda ji, he is like others.  Yaari keeps friendship very much on personal level. Many people of the community also get irritated with the fact that you are a smart leader. They do not want to give the perception that I am the leader of only Jats or I am the leader of Rohtak and Sonipat belt only. So it has been successful, I will not say that it is very successful but still personal genuine relationship has been maintained across it. Now the Brahmachari ji who is fighting from Sonipat also.  I think he is considered very close and it is he who has got the ticket done for him, it is okay that whatever he got done or whoever is the high command or whatever happens, he has got the ticket, it is okay, so this thing should change now.  If this is the case, then BJP also has to learn that it cannot tell the story of one thing for a long time. They thought this is the law of diminishing returns of any state because the dominant caste will be in the leadership position.  You never did anything there, you did this kind of politics, it went well for 10 years, your butt is not working now, so now there is a request to BJP also that you can't just leave the dominant cast like this or no, now polarization will be done only against it.  Caste says polarization is ok, that polarization of caste is no longer working, this social engineering which work earlier is no longer working going on because now what is the real problems, they are of caste.  It is beyond, if a Jat is not getting a job or he is not getting a job or people from other communities are not getting a job then that is a genuine problem for everyone, it is a problem for everyone, it is not for one caste, it is inflation, it is for everyone.  Inflation, marriage is not for everyone, there are issues of gender ratio, all these issues are for everyone, so this was a common thing in Maharashtra also, it happened like this that brother, you are dominant. If you look at this one and this is done in other places too, in the places where tribals live more, if you follow the second one especially in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand or Chhattisgarh, you will see the trend there too, just like you are seeing it in Rajasthan also, but now it is working. Rajasthan's I am not predicting that there will be a change of Chief Minister after the elections because whatever you say to the BJP people, one thing is that they are smart, intelligent and intelligent and they see that here they are not like the Congress people.  see given  It is happening, it means that the child is failing, it will happen, it will be seen after the exam, whether they do the correction, if BJP people do the correction, then it is an appreciable thing about their politics that they will listen to the feedback even if they do not clap for you.  Do n't thank you, maybe even get angry at you that who are you to tell, but still somewhere their leaders understand that this is a very intelligent thing and what you see is that people live this kind of life at human level.  Fifth note of musical scale  Even at the individual level, if he progresses, he will complain because he makes mistakes, he learns, he does course correction, he does it now, like in Haryana, what did he do earlier, everyone used to change their candidates, BJP changed the Chief Minister, used to remove anti-incumbency.  But that is not working in Haryana. The people of Haryana are a little different. The people of Haryana vote for Congress, not to bring someone to vote, but that is a different thing.  I am still in many seats, I have still kept my stick out in a different way. Many people are giving one to Congress in Haryana. I am not giving one to Congress in Haryana. Even today I am saying this, if Haryana's  If you see, I can say the seats of Sirsa and Rohtak, rest of Bhiwani and Sonipat I had said tight finish, but even if you take them, then the matter is visible only on the side of four, six, nowhere, it is not visible that nine or one is BJP's.  A lot of voting is coming  Yes, there will be a difference in the percentage. The margin of victory in the election will be very close, but the party which is running with the cushion of 6-6 lakh votes, whether it wins the election with 500 votes or 5000 votes, the party is running with a cushion of 6-6 lakh votes, that victory is victory.  And if he is an MP, then there is no talk of him, the election will definitely be closed, but this is one thing going forward, when both of them have Legislative Assemblies and I will be evolved.  During the assembly phase will also happen after four months, but today I am telling you that this was common politics, BJP played it very well but now its time has come, now it cannot be played anymore, now you can play it whenever.  Their voters who will reach the level of workers or who I have seen as Lalan Top Pe Lalan Top Popular This can be anyone versus anything but it is not that this time I personally feel that the Jat community is fine.  These people have come to this realization and it is a good realization that if you want to take leadership and want to become a genuine leader of any province, then you will have to sacrifice, you cannot pretend to be Chaudhary everywhere, if you want to become a genuine Chaudhary, that is an actual Chaudhary or  Whoever you call an actual leader, an actual king, anyone, what words will they use in democracy now, they have to give a feeling to everyone.  That yes brother, we are all one and let's go, I have a lot of desire to do all this, I have a lot of energy or we are many, we will do it, but you will also get support, you will also get inclusion, you will also be listened to and all these things, whatever you get or like this  No, this is Batni, it takes time to give this feeling, it takes time to give this feeling and the rest of the people also come from the society, they also worked very hard but sometimes what happens is that you are 2 on 1.  be at 3  If yes, then you are not heard alone, because if one dominant cast keeps winning all the time, then someone else will do it and bring everyone together, on 2, on 3, on 5, on 4, on like this, it goes to 40, 45, then the game is done, it's fine.  If yes, then it has been done like this, but what now is that if politics will have to think a little differently now, BJP will have to do something in the state of Haryana, somewhere within the dominant caste, you will have to look at the leaders who are there.  What is the condition of the leader, you see, they are keeping it in name but those leaders are not even able to speak. Just like it was happening in some rallies, but let's go too far and it will become like I am influencing the votes, all this.  I will not talk after the elections because my genuine intention is not to benefit any particular party by doing vote bank politics. There is one issue very dear to me which I would like to tell my audience and it is very important for the country. I have decided on the issue of Agniveer, there is a lot of content in it for me, there is a lot of content in it for me, I have elections on 25th May, so I am not doing it according to the elections, otherwise it will not be imposed on me or no, you are here.  Their side is like I will do it after the elections, what is there to do now even after the elections, people will listen because it is up to the one who can change the government in Haryana to tell me, even if there is a change then it will be Agniveer.  Don't come because the state government doesn't decide. Central government doesn't want to decide. Rajasthan's Agniveer is separate and Haryana's is separate. The recruitment of the armed forces is done. He comes under the center and reports to the central government. Whatever the system of recruitment is, it is fine. So where it will make an impact, it is those people who have to tell it. I believe that if it is explained properly, all the people come together, all the political parties come together, then they tell once on Agniveer.  It is possible that this money saving system that you have implemented is neither saving much money nor is it benefiting the country and it can have an impact on defense and national preparedness and national security. That's why we have to tell because unfortunately the rest of the players in this are not opening their mouth for some reason or can't open or they have compulsions, so some public will have to do it and that public which is genuine faceless public in the terms that we are not from any party.  If you are not doing it with funding, otherwise what happens, the credibility gets reduced. Now if you raise any issue, within a minute someone comes out and says that they are wrestlers, so you are doing this with Congress, you are doing it with this, so it is not me.  I want to because otherwise he will remain political, this is a conspiracy, you, there is no conspiracy with them brother, there is no conspiracy, I myself want the credibility of the people who are fighting in Ladakh. They also did not get any credibility, Sonam Wangchuk also did not get any credibility, the movie on which the movie was made in Three Ditches, you would know what they said, they said brother, issues are happening here, come and see, understand that there is no one to them, just look at one thing, country.  I have become better, which I like. What used to happen at some time? After 2014, after 15, can someone say something? Go to Pakistan, go to Pakistan, now I am thankful to the athlete. I am saying these things, but no one knows me.  He doesn't say, go to Pakistan, it's okay, go to Pakistan, meaning earlier they used to say like this brother, why should I go, this is Pakistan, I like my country, why should I go, if you are in trouble then it's okay, then this athlete, this thing, at least go to Pakistan, stop saying this.  People have made it a list, we have reached this far, I will consider it an achievement that now if a person wants to talk a little sensibly, then the listeners, if earlier there were 100, have now become 500, this is a fact.  Other things: Those who used to talk about everything by going to Pakistan have disappeared, now they don't have the courage to speak like this or people do n't want to listen to them, whatever they say, go to Pakistan, there is an issue, they will cover that issue, this is politics.  Polarization of caste is not going to work any langar, we will have to do something else across everyone, we will have to do it genuinely. Bharatiya Janata Party is a very intelligent party, their feedback system is very amazing, even through RSS.  It also comes through workers, they also hire private agencies, they take feedback from three places, Bharatiya Janata Party is not from one place, so the reality is that the top leader is theirs, this is also a fact which is a good thing.  Now they come of course, because of what ever reason they can't tell what feedback we are getting, they change the Chief Minister just like that, elections are about to come. Change it friend, not like this brother, feedback goes, feedback goes and this party takes quarterly, monthly and half yearly feedback, I am giving one more feedback. I have a lot of relation with Rajasthan too, so I have a lot of relation with all the places, I have a lot of relation with Sri Ganganagar. I have a big relationship with Anupgarh. I have a big relationship with Hanumangarh. I have a big relationship with Suratgarh. I also have a big relationship with Jodhpur. I love Jaisalmer too. I love Sirohi a lot. Okay.  Sikar Jhunjhun, I love Rajasthan very much, I love Bikaner very much, I love Bikaner very much, Rajasthan is on foot, everywhere is fine, Phalodi is fine everywhere, Phalodi is fine, everywhere Udaipur Udaipur  I am very close, intimate means this is the kind of work, so I consider Rajasthan as my Haryana, similarly I consider Rajasthan too, relations are like this everywhere in Gujarat, one has to become a leader, one has to make relations everywhere.  It is like this that the channel does not work everywhere, every place, Sawai Mahadevpur, there is a big connection, okay, then the CM of Rajasthan will have to be changed, I think so, I think so, rest on June 4, we will know whether the change will have to be immediate or after two or four months.  You will have to change after a month, but brother, you will have to change, it is not like this, it is okay, make Vasundhara ji, if you cannot make Vasundhara ji, then who is Mastnath ji, then make someone, friend, look a little, leadership in the state should look like a leader just.  Because the top leadership does not need too many powerful people, that too is an insecurity, but then you cannot do it like this that there is only one batsman left. Now Yogi Nath ji, who is the Chief Minister of UP, has a brand and personality in himself, so BJP will be defeated by him.  No brand has gone down, no one should rebel like this, Congress had made a big mistake, it was Jagan who was the son of YSR.  If he had kept him a little, then this situation would not have happened in Andhra today. Congress had separated Andhra and Telangana, but who ate the bread, that KCR, now his government has been formed. After so many years, he made another wise, and he was the one who was in 2004. When the government was formed, it was limited to Andhra Pradesh only. Now he died in a crash. There were insecurities while giving it to his son. There was some bullying, so this.  In arrogance when you say your sat raps local sat raps setup is the English word I think ok or Hindi I don't know setup S A T R A P is ok then satrap say set raps whatever tell you tell me my English Hindi you  Please correct it too. Okay, so whatever they are, we will have to pay a price to them, brother, we will have to pay a price and this is the election they raise, this is the election they raise, you have given the price to DK Shivkumar. Karnataka will have to give in to that domineering leadership. If it is from any party, then these leaders will not run like leaders. There should be some discipline and a sense of respect and a little meaning, I will not use the word fear, but it means a discipline.  It should mean that you have such a leader, it is ok so that otherwise, how many provinces have been run by one leader from Delhi, friend, this is the time of such an emperor, even in the time of that emperor, it is local.  There used to be Mansabdars and there were Subedars and who used to say what, they all used to run, they used to run, there was a Nawab, whatever happened, the meaning of province is that according to me, politics will have to be changed a bit and the change will be for the better, I believe and  Our country will move towards a good democracy and if any wrong things happen, then I want the citizens to do so comfortably through social media, without getting themselves excited or doing it to anyone else. In this entire video, I In any video, I never try to provoke even a little, I don't cry, my tone remains tender, I tell things in a relaxed manner and now you people must have slowly started understanding what I am in terms of ideology.  If those who have liked it have enjoyed it, then add a subscriber, one, two, two, minimum, like, subscribe the channel and one more good thing, there will be a gram group of Guruji from Gurgaon, if you join it.  So on that I keep doing some polls so that I get feedback in creating my content and call it polling percentage or quantity, it gives you more opinions than these big news channels or something.  If you get it, I also get benefit. I had asked in the last video which city my audience is from, so write once again that I will always ask at the end because it helps me in that video.  It has also been proved that there is a pan India audience in this video also. I want to see that if you are listening to me then where are you listening from. Many of our NRI brothers are also listening which I am feeling very good because the NRIs who tell you this.  I am saying that from this channel you will get to know some reality, on the other hand, very different types of things are coming, whether it is good or bad, so this will give you peace that whether you are sitting in the country or sitting outside, you will get the genuine information about our country. Where are we not going to be taken and I want that we should quickly burn the country in such a way that even our NRIs should not stay outside full time, for some time, six months, five six months, five months, six months or more, then we will have to pay tax.  If you people start coming to stay here in India for five months, then if India becomes ours, please share, like and subscribe. Where are you joining from, which city are you joining from and write the name of the city and you participate in it.  thanks  you very much