Hello friends, let's talk a little about the Kolkata case, I keep a little aside, when a thing is going on, because of not telling much about it, some or the other details keep coming out, but now a time comes, till then there was a lot of demand for it.  I want to give a perspective on this, whenever something like this happens, the society gets shaken and the question that is always asked is that this should not happen again, why did this happen, I am to be blamed and this should not happen again. This is a very simplistic approach, first order thinking, which I call natural, beyond this there are certain things which no one is saying openly, I think someone has to come and tell this thing, because ultimately, what is the government to do, what if it doesn't happen.  It is one thing that the culprits should be punished, it is natural that it should happen, such a severe punishment should be given that even the Prime Minister said recently that this case went on as it is, now a news from Rajasthan. Now it is coming like today itself, in Uttarakhand it is being told inside the bus, it is coming everywhere everywhere, it means coming from somewhere to everywhere, now that case is going on separately because there is a doctor there.  If this has happened, then she lives at a higher level in the society. What is happening at the level of the poor? There is less noise there. Answer: If the nurse is from Uttarakhand, then there is less noise. 3 year old girl in Rajasthan. 16 year old girl here in Uttarakhand.  So  What is this, what is this showing, the police is not that, effective law and order is not effective, people do not have fear, there are mental issues. By doing this, we can put five-six things in the initial first order, but one common thing will come out to you.  Whatever no one is telling, here a common thing will come out and you have to check it and everyone is a little afraid to tell it but still it has to be told and here your support is needed. Increase subscribers, write comments.  Share the video, I dare to tell you, at the cost of sounding classist, I will not use the word other than that because I am not doing any community or that, brother, rich poor, great poor, here are some links, if you do profiling as many as Crimes are also happening here, the first thing is that mails are being sent, more people from the poor section will come out. There is no need to say here that the rich do not do this or this has not happened or the people with BMW are not rich or  He has never committed any rape and there has been no case in it, we will not talk about it. We see that if thousands of such incidents happen, then what is the pattern in it? A male who is not married or whose marriage has been broken or who does not have a family, is poor and  Drifter is a drifter in the society. He understands that there is no one for him, he has no incentive, no one is going to catch him, what are you doing, where are you going. Take an example from the recent cases also, before that, take a  Look at the common patterns, their identification comes out, many times, the same pattern is coming here too. Literally, you are like there is a forest in which some of you are girls, some are deer and some are wolves or some such animals come and do that.  Will you take it? You have to save yourself, you can't go there and say why this happened, this kind of work has been done, now blame the government, the government will be blamed, change has to be made, change the officers, change the officers, make noise.  Create a ruckus, take out a candle march, this candle march has become so irritating now, light the torch friend, then I get angry at the candles, do you have to go out at night, stop it in the day by showing the lamp in the candle, if you have to do it then one  I will tell five-six things for women and for this country, my talk is a bit extreme, I also know because I am here, this cry of public is like Mamata Banerjee calls, yes, it is a useless administration. Kolkata Police's handling of the case is very stupid and it adds to all the speckle fake narrative and all because people say that the details that are coming, this is not a person, they gave it to CBI like this. So there is an inner voice in the country that we cannot solve even a single case, we do n't even know that there are no CCTV cameras, no one comes to the hospital, one of my videos on doctors will be very good, that generally.  Doctors have got nothing to do with this case but doctors are there, anyone is coming, anyone is going, anything is happening in the medical colleges. The principal there is highly politicized and his principal, we have  Have you seen what is happening, there is not only an ecosystem of safety, when the ecosystem itself is not of safety then all the women who work or have to go out have to demand. If you cannot guarantee the safety of your organization then give us SOP and Norms. Do not keep you after 5:00 pm. Many people will say that yes, then women will not be able to work like this. You have to create ruckus, you have to work too and 5.  Do not do anything after 00:00, do not do any night duty, see what is there in this, keep one thing in mind, a general hate towards women, recently England has passed a law on this.  I have done this for Missoni that if you do it like this, this thing is going on in India too, I am telling this with great observation and personal whatever is my touch, I live in it and people also get a lot of comments on five channels. And the rest also I see, General Ted is towards females, it is about 498, they will do it like this, they will do it like that, so there is a different class there, they hate only from the mind and there is no physical crime happening there.  But ultimately there is a lot of poison in the ecosystem in the name of women. Today I want to ask the men who have created these lodges. Now understand why they are created. One things go with women. What is the extent. Put your hand on your heart. Who has made you  Like this, has this happened to any man till date, does it say that she makes false allegations, goes to jail, what to do, what to do, even after making the law so strict, this is the condition of women in 1980's and 90's.  They were burnt in the matter of dowry and the stove used to burst every day. Somewhere in India, there was a gas stove which was used and the woman used to get burnt if she did not come and nothing happened. I recently made a video of this on Rakshabandhan.  Whatever property should be there on the other channel, many people felt irritated, those brothers and men, why look, we cannot keep the deception, you cannot say that till this level it will be very bad but we do not have the right at the small level.  will give every  The place is Missoni and there is toxic petki Too much petki is not bad but toxic petki is bad petki It should be that I am father and everything is equal and I will protect I am a man I am a man Men have become less because there is no definition of a man  There are men who say that they are not the real real men. Yes, I have no shame in speaking. We are failing our daughters. We are failing as girls.  A country is not manhood Manhood is the real one The man to protect is the one who is the protector The father is the one who is the protector The protector It's a man's world Yes it's a man's world And man is supposed to take all the blame If things are  Not OK and that rush is visible among many people in Kolkata that how did this happen, that is why they are sitting there taking out their time, the same thing does not happen in Uttarakhand, they do not.  I feel that something has happened to Uttarakhand, I didn't know what happened just now, then something happened inside the bus, something happened in Rajasthan, this anger of the general public should come out, only then the big politician is very smart, once he comes to know, he votes.  Wherever the bank is to be found, all the work is done there, but saying this like a minor irritant should not make this case such that it should be closed. Last time when it happened, you had seen that the government was shaken in Nirbhaya case, it was the Central Government.  Now the atmosphere in the country seems to be repeating itself. The same central government has been going on for the past 10 years. Modi ji is becoming disillusioned with the BJP. If this happened in Kolkata, God forbid it would have happened here.  Something like this would have started in Delhi, that fearless one would have started here, but now it has happened there, so the government should be formed there too, West Bengal government should not be shaken, should not be shaken, in the sense that they should always. Brother, do not be pro-active so that this does not happen again in the future. They will make a separate video that it is a crime and never become a victim in a crime. It is very important for me to make that because I believe that this thought process of human minds is beyond this level of mine.  It is a little blessed that I have some understanding as to why and how, so I would like to make that separately, here I would like to keep it on politics only, on Kolkata politics, Mamata Banerjee herself should protest against her government.  They are taking out protest marches. Hippocritus suffers a lot. If you see the average girl of Delhi who goes to college or the woman who goes, she runs to bite in such terms that if anyone around does something wrong because she has given them a gun through so.  Much of this harassment, now when Anam Lee comes inside the girls, now some normal decent man is coming from outside, who does not know what Delhi is here and what is there in the bus, to whom she shouts, pick up.  And they have to be a little aggressive, then they can't even handle it with men. Aggressive females or those who are aggressive, what should I say, self-assertive, but I think there is no other option but women to now treat all men like this because brother, ultimately.  Which woman feels so scared after seeing her? Normally someone is going on the road but does anyone get the creepy feeling after seeing a man? So there will be a man on 99.9 and these drifters, no one is calling them out, these are poor drifters, not every poor person is like this, but in crime, it was also seen in Nirbhaya case, drifters were like this, they were just going somewhere, there was no such cleaner.  There is nothing to do in life, there is no incentive, that's why someone like me says, don't get married, do it late, check athlete, we keep creating drifters in the society. These have been and are important now that there are many people who are mentally such that they should not be married, hygiene wise, they do not do jobs, they do not earn money and have a criminal mindset, they have addiction, all these things are too much and now they are  There will be issues for the society, now I will call them identification, many cases are coming, because what is the matter, in India, if someone is poor then it is fashionable to speak about his rich, there is no fear because everyone gathers for the poor. Why are the poor not able to speak August? They are not educated, they are poor, they are drifters, they are addicts. I have given so many definitions. I have not made anyone poor by just making them poor because poverty in itself is a very big disease and there are all these things.  Mentally, in their society, it is a very common thing for women to be like this and to think like that, it is considered that the brother is beating the woman and is not doing anything, it is okay, some misbehavior is happening with the woman, molestation is happening, something.  If it is happening, then there is a section where there is not that much noise, so they feel that it is just like this and what percentage of them do we need? If there are 100 poor people in India and even one out of 100 turns out to be like this.  So you also see how poor people are in India, even if one of them comes out of Hajj, you see for the society because there is this pattern from there, if there is a pattern then there is a reason to call out and gradually those jobs.  Will get into these kind of jobs and also due to a class divide, a lot. No result of the Kolkata case is known yet. What exactly is this, but the accused who has been caught in Kolkata also exactly qualifies the definition of Drifter 10 12.  Haj job, there is no place, sometimes police volunteer, sometimes going to medical college in barracks, fitting jugaad there unnecessarily, doing this, rest of the details.  Will it come that there may be something else, maybe not, then first of all we have to do with society identification, this eco system is coming and if the middle class has got four paise, then it means that we cannot speak that much about one section of the society.  We can't lift it or we are only busy in doing Hindu-Muslim thing. Thank God, whoever has been arrested here, his religion is Hindu, so what will you say now, so much barbarity has happened, what will you say now, tell me, those who make Hindus Muslim are in trouble in everything.  the seekers  Yes, it would have been convenient if we had got something else, the masala, the criminal who has no religion, the dirty thinking has no religion, she exists everywhere, she exists everywhere, we as a society have to be very alert and that is what I will create next.  How can we save ourselves? We can't go and inject something like magic to fix someone's thinking but we can protect ourselves and that will be very important and its topic will be the script of crime if we can.  Break that script we can save our sales and that is I specialize in that in a way. I have a lot of research on that and a lot of clarity on that and how other countries have achieved that thing. Yes, government also has a role in that.  But we can create such a situation with our intelligence, prudence and consciousness that we do not fall victim to true things, things will not happen and we will continue to roam in the society if this jungle remains a jungle even at this time.  There are many wild animals roaming around in the world but we are not that scared of them because we are not in the jungle. It is a simple thing and we are never able to match. They are roaming around in the society and how do we manage.  This will be my next topic. If you people want then please write in the comment section. Please write because I definitely want to make that video. In the Kolkata case, we have failed as a society. Politics has definitely failed.  Mamta Banerjee, their system administration is 100%, there is no doubt about it, there is no second opinion, the way they handle the case, in the beginning it is suicide, then making them wait for three hours with the parents, then why does it mean that it has become a crime?  You have to take action in a proactive way, it doesn't happen, it means you wish that it's not a small thing, it's fine by taking this approach, then the main thing will be that if it doesn't happen, then you should think about that part.  The second part of this video is that I want that the athlete is there because I have a lot of clarity beyond that, otherwise now I am giving its hint again and again, whatever is going on on social media or in your mind.  It is that this thing has happened, it has happened very, very terrible, so who should be blamed in this and the rest outside, should it happen that this should not happen, this is being done but there is a helplessness in it, everyone knows, everyone wants to do it, now the government.  let it be like this  People 's thinking should become such that people who have the capability to do so should disappear from the world. This is a bit of wishful thinking. Whatever I say, I will say and tell you what you can do because whatever you can do is in your hands. For that you do not have to go and learn any permission from anyone who is in your hands to keep yourself protected and not to fall victim. If there is a case of women, if there is any other case then definitely write it in the comment section. Thank you.  you very much