Hello friends, this is my first video on D New Channel, why was there a need to make this new channel, why am I making it, what is its mission statement, I would like to tell you that you have subscribed on the media and are on many current events which are happening in our country. Where are you going, there are many view points but there is one look, everyone claims that I am neutral, neutral does not belong to anyone, it is not possible to be neutral, I would like to tell you that a point can never be neutral.  It is being reduced as per the agenda, you are seeing huge number of subscribers on YouTube, okay, so I am creating this channel for you to have an independent view point, it is according to that, it will never be neutral, it can never be neutral.  The thing is gum, it is cold, it is black, it is white, but there can be an independence point of view in this thing, this and this strange way, they can support anything which is on the opposite right, D D on individual and D on country. Secondly, focusing illusion is being created too much on social media and there is a lot of confirmation by speed because if your view point is here then you will see such content which is your confirmation message, this channel of meaning is this.  But these people are already aware because 30 to 40% of the people who have fixed history are sitting on the platform, there is no channel for them.  Because you have a fixed idea, be it winter, be it summer, be it rain, be it a storm, your V point is not going to change, I ca n't do anything, this channel is my new channel, it is for the seekers, it is for the curious. Yes, this is also possible, this is also happening, this is happening right, this is right, this is wrong, this may be wrong, this may be right, where it can happen and maybe and maybe these two things.  Of  There is more element who already knows everything on his own that it is absolutely written in stone so he is not for him, I always call him an Illuminati, I have other channels as well, there is some system on them which we will keep.  Nice cannot be done by some people or by a force, which sets a narrative, which sets the narrative, the story itself is caste, the one who has power, it sets the narrative, it is caste through truth, this is also a fact.  Negative set is a caste and the one who sets is successful. Here I am declaring it to my intelligent audience in this channel. I am talking about this the day after tomorrow. I am doing higher order thinking and intelligence, so these narrative sets are given to them.  How is it happening? How is caste set up? Is it good or bad? This narrative will be set. If we have to see through this and see the real picture, then there will be a very interesting channel.  Parody will also be there, political priority should also be there, power is there and I want to make my subscribers aware of the public Janardan here. If this is good, then there will be some more things in everything which we can do for the benefit of everyone for the benefit of the social society. Whatever is required, to create a consensus on it, to create brotherhood, to tell about the good things, we will do that but we will hope for your support, there will be some open batting, it is okay here and current events will be discussed. Dick letter will be given in a way that this thing is like this, explain it like this but this is actually like this and you see it in this way, a different perspective will be given that brother, this thing can also be seen like this, like there are many truths of any thing.  It may be the last thing that you will enjoy to see and experience, it will be trends, that train is very important to know about the society, be it of economy, be it of financial nature, be it of social nature or their emotional nature. Changes are taking place among the public, where are the trends going, where are the trends in Hindi, what is the trend there, is this trend right, is this trend coming on its own, many trends are being created, what is happening and this  But if things remain like this then what will happen next? We will not discuss here about right and wrong because mostly if I too will enter into this thing that what is right and wrong is too many, then there are many channels of right and wrong, every person is sitting with his own thing which is right.  And in that there is this kind of thing, here it is not like this Here we will have a little detector, okay, we will look at this thing from above, it is called a bird, we are coming to know how to understand things, what are the important things for our personal life, for the people of India, what are the important issues for the people of India, which  These are real issues. We are provoked by left and right by those issues or are not discussed. What are the compulsions? You will also see a positive. Coming here, you will not get bashed by anyone, it will be fun and this kind of content is very less in the market.  Because in most of them there is bashing where you get debates of politicians or bashing of one cup, it will not be right or wrong, it will be a different thing, this is my promise, I will keep trying, I will follow these guidelines, I have set these guidelines if  I have set my own guidelines and am very left and right in front of you. Look, it may be Creator 1920 a little bit, but if it is happening too much then you guys can check me in the comment area so that we can be together. Intellectual channels will remain at the intellectual level because intellectuals have not remained the same. It is said that intellectuals have been insulted so much in the past and they may be intellectuals too, they may have had their own agenda at some point in time that now their level has reached such a level.  Debate and Star has happened, which means you get to see and feel that big people are talking about big women. If you listen to their arguments, it is okay.  So you think, friend, what is this, what level has we reached, which level are we talking about, then we will discuss those things tomorrow and will fearlessly question, okay brother, why are you doing this in this civilized manner? Will be ok means they were bill maintain decorate i bill request people who are joining me that one decorate maintain another vice on other vice in the comment area it is not necessary to watch the content because sometimes if your emotions  I told you, don't you belong to this country? Out of 100, there are 40 of us who are clear about everything. Brother, I only know. You are definitely not like that, maybe I want to know. I want to learn everything, I want to understand this.  There are a lot of people in our country, this is the majority, only then the future of our country is very good, according to me, but we have to increase the number from 60, currently it is 468, so these 60 are my audience and this This audience of my baa has increased from 60 and the other one, the one with fixative history and the one who derives the possibilities, should reduce a lot. If he is the only one of mine, then it is not a journey. This is the new start of the channel. You guys definitely have a license.  It is definitely worth subscribing to the channel and because as soon as you see the increase in subscribers, that energy has come, it is the same and not a small baby, hand holding is required to make it walkable.  Then made it suitable for running, ok then it will remain for you guys, please share it in your friend circle and subscribe the channel and there will be great content. You guys can write in the comments what kind of issues you guys would like to raise and discuss. And ISP, I also want to give a platform to people to write their comments and discuss in a positive way. Thank you very much.