Hello friends, why are there so many M's on M? It is a very important topic. I will try to work as a mirror for the society. If I do n't want to make it political then it is completely political but it is a test of the society. Who is this M? A sharp person, our female MP from West Bengal.  You will get to know in the video who is M and so on and M is for silence, she is silent, that and beyond that will be checked, you people will participate, a woman MP is being photographed very personally. And a campaign has been started, M for campaign has been started against them, there is a strong leader, there is no one standing in support even morally M for morally and it is looking like the downfall of the society, the political issue is that brother, take money and do something.  Ask questions, investigate them, there is no topic for discussion beyond that, they keep making allegations, these women MPs also make noises, that is par for the politics, okay.  But personal photograph, personal attack, shaming, this society seems to be enjoying it and all fingers are on your lips. Last time was when there was another Prime Minister of silence M. For you know he was also shown to be of this silent mind but now many people are M  For mind, there are many women MPs, many ministers, in fact, the biggest leader of their party, that too MMM For what, she is also watching what is happening, the politicians are watching, which side are the people on, which side will the public trend towards? Things will move forward only in that direction, that's why many people are not reacting and now this MP, who is a male MP, on whose M for MBA degree, he had faked the degree, after six months, someone else and this woman's M for  He brought friends who got some things done, who is a Supreme Court lawyer, coming to this level of personal politics, having such a low blow is a very bad thing, especially Navratri is going on where women power is worshiped, Goddess Shakti.  Is worshiped from within the society, now if we all remain silent in the society, then the last time M for Mahabharata was when Draupadi was disrobed and all the gurus were looking at us with fingers on lips as if we should do something now.  If not, then at that time Shri Krishna was ahead. Now in what form did Shri Krishna come? Who has to become? We are all the descendants of Shri Krishna. In a way, now in this modern 2023, we have to stand for this issue. This photograph business is not correct, rest of you do whatever you want to do in your politics, everyone knows about it, no one is doing that, if anyone does anything wrong then you do investigation, you do inquiry, you all have Tantra Mantra.  Do everything, do everything, but till now no one has tried to close or remove those photographs, which is very easy once someone comes from the side or the system comes to remove them, friend, all this is not right.  In fact, something else will be released, the pleasure of this is even greater, just imagine what that woman must be going through, she is a member of Parliament, she is not the type of thinking woman, she also keeps the form of a lioness, but this can happen to her. Which woman reservation bill has been done? This is empowerment of women. Which woman will come into politics when she will be shamed like this? Who would want to reveal anything personal about her or you?  All those kind of women want, by acting like this, I am telling all the servant women without a brain of their own whose mouth does not open, you are all such M'for women who do not open their mouths, who remain silent, take it, bring it.  You want to be in Parliament because you are doing this work with the one who is opening her mouth and you are posting photographs. That typical stereotype used to be shown in Bollywood is of a villain type who smokes cigars like this.  He drinks some alcohol, eats some, gets photographed around, how did he do it, it is clear from here that money has been taken for asking any question and by doing this, you put people in front of you and along with the photo, that means you get yourself judged.  They want that the public will judge India, India, India, but it will not judge the woman who is showing this photograph. This is the message and to you, the viewers, who are listening, the channel should be small and the message should be less.  The message should go that only a small needle is enough to take out the air from a big balloon. It seems that what will happen is that this is their army, this is troll army, this is paid army, this is IT cell, it is okay to threaten so and so, but they are running for paid, right?  Running for an agenda M for Morality Listen to the heart from within and do this as a country man as a country's brother This will not be tolerated This is a photo business This is a shamin' business Personal attacks  For a woman of this level, when there are sexual allegations of harassment from men, MPs and even ministers in many states, then everyone stands up to support them, unless there is something against someone.  It has not been proved, I too do not want to blame anyone, but when there you create an ecosystem of great support, there is no such thing here, there is no such sexual thing on personal life.  It is not an act of harassment, isn't it, he has made it a reality, the questions were asked last time, the questions were asked for money, that incident took place in 2005 6, 10 11 MPs, I think they were dismissed, one of them was from a big party.  Big party is B for big party, it had six five MPs, rest of the other parties also had two MPs, one by one, from all the parties. Okay, last time when this happened, if it is proved then do it.  If it was proved then it would not have been proved because if it was proved and there was actual proof there then there would have been no need to take out these photos because that would have done the job. If you were sitting with the proof then the work would have been done with that. This is an attempt to intimidate, it means. Women who are independent, bold and speak their minds will have to face this. In India, many women will have to face this. According to me, according to you, I will put it in the category of sexual harassment. Is it from or not at the work place, now that you have not done anything directly, get those photos out from somewhere, the very fact is that you are not keeping any check on it and people are not in support of your own party. She is coming because she is also seeing where the vote bank politics is going. The politician does not do anything on his own free will, he looks at the public. There are two reactions of the public, one reaction is of creating an uproar that why did you make it like this? Against and doing like this is wrong and we will not tolerate this, there can be one approach and there can be one approach, yes, this is a photo, it is with her, her men can take photos with someone, there is no issue in private space, she has  It is said that whatever is the nutritional element, it is described as such; a personal woman is sitting with someone and if you look at the photographs, she has been completely photoshopped, she looks like that, she is so big.  At a table where so many people are sitting, it is okay to selectively show photos of two people in a group, it is okay to not show them who were the other people, it is visible, it is visible, so what is the intention, a movie came out by Drishyam, there was something in that too.  It was like this, she took the photograph and the girl was being harassed, I will leak you, I will leak you and at that time it felt like, man, this is like this, what is this, what is this, so to speak like this means leaking. Degi will do it, what happened but now see in reality, when someone happens like this in reality, what kind of issue it becomes and the society is completely finger on lips in this, there is no opinion at all, do you have an opinion on this, please from any side. You write in the comment section, you will be judged, what is the public doing, the politicians are judging them, on which side your noise is being made, then it is on Twitter, it is in danger, it is in danger, so today in India, women are being judged.  Honor is in danger and will fellow Indians stand up for this? I don't want to make it political at all. What he said, what he said there, Draupadi said something to Duryodhana, it means chirharan aloud, that has become a religion, he said it laughingly.  They said this on your degree, they said something on your fake degree, you got someone's chilli or whatever got on the system, now you have found some ex-friend from somewhere, he is giving the photo and all this. Action is not being taken against it, it is clearly visible what is happening, there is one more M for even after knowing that those who talk about M are also M for mind, M for mind is one state and M for M is another state, why is there beyond that too?  Brother, why can't you say quiet, why can't you say shut up, what nonsense is happening, elections are coming, everyone understands that all these things will keep happening, wherever anyone opens his mouth, an attempt will be made to shut it somehow. Politics  i would be like this  Yes, but there is M for morality, will something be maintained in this country or everyone's conscience and all of them are asleep, no one will open their mouth like this, when Pakistan's cricket team comes to Ahmedabad, then the mouth opens big, doesn't it?  Courage comes because there are 11 people, you are 1.25 lakh people, the same courage comes, go there, take a gun, send them there and say, show me, I am showing the mirror to the country, it is important to show that when mom mentality is for mom.  Mentality today everything is going on MC M for Mob Mentality This is the mentality of the mob and the one who is rejoicing in it is enjoying, in pain he is opening his own karmic account for future I want to tell you that Navratri is going on.  This time is very good, it is the time of power, it is the time of Shakti, Durga is worshipped, other goddesses are worshiped, you all know what happens at this time, if this is happening and if no one has even a little mouth.  It is opening just because of your loyalty. If you have loyalty, then who refused to vote? They are not even talking about voting. There is little influence on voting here. Through this video or through this thing, Batamiji is being told that he has called out.  And why are the rest of the women MPs and MPs and ministers not opening their mouths? You ca n't say that whatever you want to do in the future, what is being done against women is very wrong and we condemn it.  Irrespective of party, it is being told that there is no empowerment of women, there is no power among women, if other women do not stand with other women, then with whom are you standing, then if you stand with your party, then that is that lame post.  He is right, lame posts were erected, he was picked up and thrown into the Parliament, neither did he open his mouth, nor did his conscience awaken, nor was he talked to because the ministerial post would be lost or the party would not give him the ticket next time, so how did you support him, hey support.  What  They are not supporting her, they are supporting all the women, there are many girls who are watching all this because this work is done even inside the corporate, wherever a woman is going for a job, where she says something or  It gives peace of mind, in this way there are mechanisms to silence, what message is being sent to the country that a woman and she and I are not able to understand in personal movement, what if in some old time  You  If you are in a foreign country, how did you wear some clothes, then what is wrong in that and today you are wearing those clothes as per your India, as they say, one in Rome does as the Romans do and dress up as what ever they do.  What happens is that you copy an old photo from somewhere and do some photoshop shoop on it and by doing this, what impression are you trying to show? What is the point of running a campaign by showing what is the point of M that we all need to discuss as  For the judgment of society and we must judge, they have come out that now the society will judge after this, the rest will be known after Lok Sabha elections, there can be two-three situations. According to me, these two MPs are developed, one is a woman MP and the other  Is that a male MP? Does the party give tickets to both because it is possible that the same party as the female MP may not give them due to some reason out of fear that this will reduce our votes because their leaders are 10 by 10 feet tall.  There are two sarees and slippers in the room and that image. Okay, so it could be this, it could be the other one, it could be that these men did not get the ticket, why were you doing too much, it could be like this or they could get it.  Whether you get praise or not, you have done a very good, great job, Ajit, then what the public decides will also be seen, it is possible that both of them may win, both of them may win, one may win, one may lose or both may lose, that will be seen in the judgement.  what is there but so much  It is true that if this woman does not get the ticket, neither the party has given it, then some other party will give it, and whoever this man is, I do not think that if he does not get it, then he has no future. I am also telling you one thing, India in India.  Assertive women who want to come and do something in public space are less in India. Don't suppress them like this. If they are doing something wrong and you feel it is wrong, then there is a law and procedure in the country. What is this method of suppressing that we?  Will post photo, look at this photo, look at this photo  If you look at it like this, right and below, all your women who are trolls are posting comments through them and with their hands off they are saying that we don't know that this is a normal and public posting.  So we are not doing anything, we are not doing anything, that is what happened when Draupadi was being disrobed, all those who were silent and sitting with their eyes closed were saying that it is Dushasan who is doing it, not us.  Hey, when something wrong is happening and you are watching that wrong and not doing anything, then you are also guilty, you are also guilty, I am a YouTuber, I can do only this much through this video, I have done this from my side.  Try, you people are listening and watching, you share it, 100 thousand crore things are shared, from good morning message to now, Happy Navratri, Happy Dussehra, when Happy Navratri, when you do, then Navratri.  Is it worship of women power or just superficially, to go to temples like this and worship only at other places, it is a ritual which should be done but this is the real test of real women, real women power, the whole country should sit and enjoy like this. Hey someone, please say something, please say that this thing is not going well, the rest is someone's fault, someone has done something in public space for cash for questions and all that, investigate her for that, so I think this woman MP should also speak.  Take care of him, who is speaking for him, if something wrong has been done in the public space, then do it to him, but what is this, what is this thing happening in 2023, this is the most disturbing issue for the conscience of the society.  And this is happening so quickly, you guys, don't let her go, catch hold of her, say that we have nothing to do with the party, this woman of politics, say, she could have been anything, she is an MP, she is a corporate employee, she is a government officer, she is normal.  She is an actress, whatever it may be, we have nothing to do with it, she is a woman and the women's society will stand up if you do something against her and you will do so much indecency and this indecency is being done and whoever is silent on this indecency, whatever the country wants.  Be it any wish, the biggest leader, the smallest leader, the middle leader or the general public, he is a participant in it, make your contribution, say this nonsense will not be tolerated, don't do this nonsense, the rest is up to you.  Normal, you have to play your game, play it and if nothing comes out of it, then you will take its own course. It is okay that you made the allegation, then let's prove it. If you make a false allegation, then the law tells on whose basis you made the allegation, then do that.  It is being said that this is corruption, this is that, this is how it is, this is what this has done, this is what this party has done, so if that party has to put something against them, then put it or not.  If you can, then keep quiet, but now this entry is wrong, this system itself is wrong, please do tell what are your thoughts beyond this and I am saying this with emphasis again and again, normally I do not watch videos like this one.  You definitely share it and write in the comment section how is it and I know that my subscribers and my listeners are intellectuals, I don't want sheepish trolls here, that's why I  I am posting this for my core audience so that you too can forward it to the wise because the rest of them have been collected that we will do it like this, we will do it like that, whoever is against us, then we can fall to some level.  There is a level, that level has been breached, the society has been breached, it is the responsibility of the intellectuals and intellectuals of the society, these are foolish people, of course they will not do this.  They just enjoy doing all the work, there is no expectation from them but if you are a thinking individual, a normal decent person who is living his daily routine comfortably, who comes and consumes normal content, then you have to spread this thing. twittersignin.com so please do and there are politicians who are very smart, they will give that pulse, this is how the pulse is caught, nowadays no one goes to anyone's house and asks what is generally trending.  It is trending that this woman's name has been written and before that the word Harami Harami has been used and further this woman's name has been taken and it is trending. Tell me, is this a good thing for the country?  You should not speak to anyone just because you don't like that reason or for whatever reason then directly take them on. Which entry is this, please share, thank you very much.