Hello friends, this is going to be a very awareness based video. There will be some futuristic predictions as well. A trend has also started to appear and you should understand it well. Elections are going to be held in Maharashtra in November. The wind is changing there and it is changing in BJP's favour. Yes that.  Is the breaking news and why and what is happening, there is a twist in the story, we will discuss it and see its broader picture, and yes it affects you, you are the listen, many people say that politics does not affect, does he talk about politics? Do something else, you will know how this is affecting you. I never leave any demoness behind. By doing something negative like this, I will always tell you how to take advantage of it, how to become rich, how to be happy, that too if you follow me.  If the audience is middle class or upper middle class, then you can watch it comfortably. What is happening in Maharashtra? In Maharashtra, women are being given 15% subsidy by the government in households whose annual income is less than Rs 1 lakh and judge it.  Become extremely super hit I am surprised that how are they implementing and that was the plan to do it for everyone by 31st August but that time could not be completed, opening and linking of their accounts are KYC norms and Aadhaar and along with that  If not PAN, then link it with Aadhaar and with bank account, hence elections have been postponed and this will give a twist to the story. Now the new model is that don't say Modiji, Modiji, Modiji will not even come, like Shivraj Singh  Chouhan had won Madhya Pradesh for the BJP through the Ladli Behna scheme, that thing is happening, Eknath Shande ji from BJP and Ajit Pawar 's NCP people are themselves becoming workers and politicians and only this work is being done, work is being done from morning to evening  The officers are not working or are not able to meet that many targets or whatever, I have heard somewhere, FIRs are also being filed, the entire administration has been told the DC SP, everything, Bhaiya, Maharashtra will do this, now what should happen to it and on what basis, so I am saying this  I want to tell you that whatever BJP wants to do, Rahul Gandhi  Or they say that if Rahul Gandhi is doing that thing then it is effective but Rahul Gandhi will give it back by leaking all his question papers the way he says okay you want to do this, we will do it, you want to do this  If it is there then we will do it because now they have realised that BJP is not working, now you can call it division or in a way you can say that to reach out to a particular section, then women are the best, 1.8 crore women who have been given 00 These people are going to give it per month and it will start from the beginning, a little before July, then a certain amount will be given and in that, Muslim women are also getting it, tribal women are also getting it, whichever you want, it can be less than or equal to ₹ lakh Your income is Rs 1.8 crore but I am surprised by one thing in this. We will discuss it completely. What is the benefit to you from this? Don't go away disinterested. I will make you earn money and give you more than 000 rupees who are listening to this. But I want to tell you also that you are not from Maharashtra. Even then he is  I will tell you a little later but before that I am surprised that ₹1000000 00 crore monthly pension to 8 crore women of Agniveer is a lot of fun to save because there is no vote bank politics there, there is no problem even if the security of the country is compromised.  Votes should definitely come, I am saying that those women who want to vote, keep giving it, brother, change the Agniveer scheme, do some programs there, not now, we need these young people, we need 18-19 year olds to climb the mountain, 18-19  25 year olds are a bit too young, we need 25 year olds as well, there are 26 year olds as well, a 24 year old is not an old man, a 25 year old is not old, here 72 year olds are saying that we will come in the fourth term, third one is still going on  The guarantee of the fourth term has started, he has already started telling about it and here he is doing Agniveer, so let's jump into the issue of Maharashtra, he wanted to show a little, 00 we are getting such change in the vote bank, now the India alliance is Uddhav  Thackeray to them  If we have to promise something more, then in these promises you will see that these middle classes are crazy about BJP, don't be so crazy, this is Congress only, BJP is the Congress of earlier times or the present time or it is the same thing, whatever Congress promises, it does this  They give it to me and then they say that okay you gave me so much, I will give you 3000, this is what will happen and if the woman from Maharashtra is Shayni and is intelligent, which I think she will be, then I will get her to give me 1500, that's done, very good, now I will make this promise, I will promise them this  If you give, they will give this but then the common middle class will cry because this is the tax payer's money going away, the Maharashtra government earns from Maharashtra, it will invest its money and whatever funds come from the center, then everyone's tax and GST money will be spent there, but  This is here to stand, what benefit can you get from this more than crying, let's discuss that beyond that because now this politics will remain the same and brothers and sisters, now the Direct Tax Code will come, there will be a big game in it, I feel so, beyond that if you  If you want the video then tell me and I will tell you in advance.  What is going to happen is the Direct Tax Code which will come in 2025, all the changes will happen directly, if you want then a video can be made, but you have to see how you can take advantage of it, whether you are sitting in Gurgaon, Delhi, Vishakhapatnam, Mumbai or somewhere You can listen to me, you are sitting in India, you are middle class and you think, oh I have to pay a taxi, this is happening, what is the benefit to me, what is the benefit to me, they have distributed this in Madhya Pradesh, now in Maharashtra  It has been divided, the population in Maharashtra is very high and there are 1.8 crore women, now 1.8 crore women will get 00 so what is the benefit to you, you have to do order thinking outside, see if you stop us then nothing will happen, you should refuse, you do not have that much votes there.  If 1.8 crore women are getting votes, then see how many votes of BJP and NDA can shift here and there. These three who are together were being quoted as having 8085 seats and those of IndiGo are going to be close to 190.  I think the assembly was of 288, now the survey  All these are private things, there is no stamp on them, what is being said is okay, they have got a jump of 30 seats, still the government is not being formed, BJP government is not being formed in Maharashtra even today, but elections have to be held today, elections  So it is in November, now the momentum has shifted towards them, now they are at 120-125, the majority figure is around 145, so now they are doing it at a very fast speed and they have realised it, they have realised it, so what do you think now? Brothers and sisters, it can be beneficial. If a woman gets Rs. 100 then that woman will immediately spend Rs. 100 every month on better hygiene for herself and her family which includes soap, bath soap, toothpaste, toothbrush, this is my thinking.  You can stay connected with me, it's ok, you can think of cooking oil, better anything that will improve the hygiene inside the house, shampoo, any such cleaning things, all these things normally  FMCG comes under FMCG. FMCG stands for Fast Moving Consumer Goods. So which are the companies that can benefit and what are their shares and where are they? I have a complete disclaimer here that I am not saying that whatever I say in the name of the lions,  And this theory that I am telling you, I am telling you to buy something, you have to do your due diligence, we two friends sitting in the drawing room are discussing what products Hindustan Unilever has and what are the current prices  What is the rate? Note it down. What is the rate of the dubbing today? Note it down. This video is releasing within September, in the middle of last September, so note down the dates so that you can watch it in the future as well. Note it down.  Take this and these things have started first in Madhya Pradesh, this will be a kicker but it will be more in Maharashtra because this is the first time it is being done like this. 00 Multiply it by 1.8 crores, it is 22700 crores, out of 2700 crores, around 1500 crores is in these things only.  have to go to Because women don't give much money to men, if it comes directly in their hands then out of 1500, 500 to 700 would be better, two-three soap bars, one and half shampoo, some better cooking oil for the family, rest something like this  There is a possibility of some branded stuff going into it. This is first order thinking, but what else can happen next? Whether it's copies, pencils, stationery for kids, what else can happen in education and where? Footwear can do something like this in footwear.  Are organized players coming into the market? Which are the niche companies operating in Maharashtra? What are their products? Do some hair order thinking and suggest stocks to put in the watch list. I am very intelligent to all of you who are my subscribers.  I agree because the one who is still stuck on the channel, brother, because they get distracted by my talks, if I ever speak against the BJP, then those devotees will run away, sometimes I say something against the Congress, sometimes I say something about that, sometimes about this, then they  Who  They tie me up in such a mask that I am not able to gain. My main agenda is that the person who wants to gain should stay connected in his life, the one who is so touchy that I once told him, now I am saying it myself with my eyes  I have seen the situation, I am telling you, BJP is coming back and this is the best thing for BJP, they keep hanging around till the last over, if they are scoring 17-188 runs in the last over, then it can be made like it is made in cricket, if you leave the first match  Now, if you score 55 runs in the last two overs then you cannot win but if you keep scoring 15, 16, 17 runs in each over then you have a chance because two-three big shots were hit, one man got a no ball, there was an overthrow  So you are home, okay and you have seen this in cricket and there is still a lot of time left, so Maharashtra elections, they could not do this work in Haryana because sometimes many things happen on their own and then it is discovered that it is success.  If this doesn't happen in much plan then they have  If this is discovered, a huge honor will be saved. Maharashtra was saved and Jharkhand won. Suppose Haryana was lost. There is no such chance in Jammu and Kashmir. There is no such large assembly. There is no such issue. If there is no two, the score will be broken where it is big.  The states which are financial capitals have won because losing Mumbai is the financial capital, losing hold on Mumbai is very important, Haryana is also important, but if Jharkhand and Maharashtra come, they can claim victory and then who will be the president of BJP, Modi ji.  It will be a big comeback for Amit Shah, his going to Maharashtra will weaken Modi ji, this is also a fact and if Modi ji is not seen in Maharashtra then leave aside Eknath Shinde, Devendra Farnve, these are your U.S. Surya Kumar Yadav and Virat Kohli.  And whoever it is, they will win this match somehow and that Ajit Pawar is also doing his bit because they have tested that friend, we have got the target of opening 1.8 crore accounts and giving money for linking them is a big task in itself brothers.  Sisters in their Bank Officers Ltd  Yes, banks are limited and doing so much work so quickly, I think they are working even on Saturdays and I have heard that work is going on in banks till 111 pm, so when you see how work is done during these elections in India, that is, if  If India wants to work then how much work can be done, you can see that these are the students who have not studied for the whole year, they are burning the midnight oil before the exams, all those kinds of things, so this is something which is you  No, to be monitored, to be monitored, I have told you earlier and if its direct result comes and we will see in November, it will definitely influence your direct tax code and we are now here for this politics in this, brother Congress and BJP are like this Earlier it was not shown like this, fiscal deficit, fiscal prudence, income tax, not like this and how much we had heard from the mouth of the Prime Minister that he distributes revdi, he distributes revdi, so what is this being distributed, mu phalia gajak is being distributed, if you distribute it then gajak is being distributed and he distributes it Rewadi is good for BJP people  yes it is good, it is very good, I am feeling good, politics is like this, nothing happens to anyone by becoming a moral science teacher, okay but here those who are devotees of force, enjoy it, you are also doing it, you are winning, we will win Something will happen, morality was not there in politics, is not there and will not remain there, hypocrisy was there, is there and will remain, so that's why never become their devotee, people say one thing somewhere, people say something else somewhere, they are all idiots and this is how It is but what can we see in this, we will see that if we are giving it to the women then thankfully they will not smoke beedi, will not smoke cigarette, will not eat tobacco, will not drink alcohol, that is why all the governments are discovering because I will tell you one by one that the women  I want to throw another figure, I want to tell you that the figure is one, 28 lakh crore rupees have been given to youngsters in Mudra loans in the last 10 years. But the youth has not come in favor of the government, the youth does not have any job.  If there is no business, then this means that this 28 lakh crore has gone down the drain, because what if this 28 lakh crore which is being told has been given in 10 years in Rs. 10 lakhs in the last 10 years and if the other loans which have been given  If there had been any benefit from these, then it would not have been visible in the country in terms of people being happy and that there is no distress for jobs and among the youth there is an attraction towards the government that if they gave us something, then we do n't know what was given and what benefit was derived from it.  Not only now but then we see in the government that if we give this money or a part of it to the women then votes will be cast as per their caste, religion or something as per their wish.  It will take it but you will see in homes that women will probably cast their votes separately and here, brothers and sisters, to win the election, one does not need to swing too many votes, you are trailing by four-five vote percentage, if you get four-five votes on your side then  The next one's broke four or five and that's yours For example, if the All India Alliance was getting 46 votes from the Lets and the BJP and NDA were getting 40 votes from the Lets, then if their vote bank decreased by 4 out of 6, then their vote bank went from 46 to 42.  His 40 increased to 44, so 44 means he went ahead by two. Now when you have to contest the MLA election, whether you win by 10,000 votes or 5,000 votes or 1,000 votes, on winning that MLA election, one ticket is one count. So this is what can change the game, otherwise the situation was bad, they were very tensed but now a shift has come, now let's see what stories the Indians tell and to what extent their stories are believed if the Indians come  They will say brother we will make it 3000, now they will make it 3000, then some people will become like this, so this is becoming a close finish, but in all this finish the money is of the taxpayers only.  It is the middle class that is going away, so you should not become a cheer leader here, neither be of the Congress nor of the BJP, you should call out what nonsense is happening, what nonsense is happening, what nonsense is happening  We have to say this but the feeling is that this is nonsense, we are not even being asked, so which vote bank of ours is so big because all the voters are less than this 2.5 lakh which is the maximum  Brother we will earn money by doing our hair order thinking but we twittersignin.com Congress has said up to 8500, BJP gradually by the time next election comes in BJP 00 everywhere ladli sister one and a half 2000 the matter has reached  It has happened like I told you, gradually they will take it to three, four or five Haj. The next state government will say I will give this much as old age pension because now the politicians have come to know that these freebies of electricity and water are also there.  I do n't understand how much it is  So brother, just give them the money, this is direct bribery of the voters and the voters will be bribed, the middle class will come and say, no, it should not happen like this, why should it not happen, 1500 is very necessary for that, his soap and oil will be available for him,  Hygiene will get better, he will get some money, it is a huge amount and with this some more things will grow with higher order thinking, I will tell you about that sometime in a different video or on a different real estate channel, in that even in real estate you will say from 00 to real  What difference does 1500 make in the estate? The labour which lives in that place migrates and does construction work in the houses and they are disincentivized to move out, that is why people from outside the state  They have to be brought here for work, which is very costly, whenever any work is being done here, then the local man who lives here will work because he has his own home, ecosystem, everything, so if he gives us Rs.  1 means example  I am saying this in the form of, whether you set up 100 units or it is at 100, then a person from outside will do only 110, 120, 130, why is he coming from outside, he has to live here on rent, there is no ecosystem for him, he has to come and go, if he has to leave, then he  If it will be costly then there will be migration in those things as well and it will be affected in such a way that the very poor people will probably not go to the big cities, the IT sector and all these things are coming, so all that will happen.  It is still happening but it will have an effect. I have thought of a few things, I still have some things to think about, but I want to change the way you consume things, the way you consume politics, through this video and this channel. I am, let out a bitterness and frustration in consuming politics because this has to happen, this is happening, don't cry that it should not happen, just because you are something, it is something like if you do not get reservation, then there should not be reservation, this is too much This is lower order thinking, we know that if you do n't get reservation then there should not be reservation and if you get reservation then there should be reservation, this is a very normal thing, what is beyond this that yes there will be reservation, then there will be videos on that too on caste  The counting of votes is also due, the videos are also coming very quickly, but the things that are happening, the development that is taking place and what is being seen, I am telling you about those things, so this analysis is very important, take a look at the stock market that money  In whose hands is it going, from his hand to whose hands will the money go because ultimately it is not the case that the money will remain in the pocket, even if it remains in the pocket, it will remain in the account, if it remains in the account, it will remain in the bank, according to the ratio of cash in the bank  The ratio which is there gets better because the money with the bank is now in the bank and the cost of funds of the bank gets reduced, money is coming from anywhere, the bank itself is giving the money, money is coming within the bank itself  The government is giving it, the net interest margin will increase, the cost of funds will increase, so what is that?  Yes, it is necessarily not a very bad thing, so I hope you guys will like this and share it and tell me how you liked the video and if you have not subscribed to the channel then subscribe, thank you very much.