Hello friends, it is a very amazing and interesting topic. Try to enjoy. We will talk about the ideology of the topper student. This will be my basic topic. In future, you will get more topics on ideology and whatever opposition there is and the ruling party and the opposition.  There will be detailed videos on the models of both, today there is an introduction and a comparison, I will separate what is happening in the introduction, what am I seeing as a commentator, what am I seeing?  I want to tell you that there was a song in some movie of Shahid Kapoor, ' Main Rang Sharbaton Ka Tu Meethe Ghat Ka Paani Mujh Mein Ghol De To Yaar Baat Ban Jaani', this is the song of the topper student's party, Bhaiya, you come, dissolve yourself in me.  Two, I am the color of sherbet, I will remain sherbet, your identity should dissolve, your identity should end, here I would like you guys like this, what an analogy.  Guruji, are you from Gurugram, do you come with an example? To make the original understand clearly, this is the problem of many people and those who have this problem are in a lot of trouble because brother, if they have to join here, they will have to lose their existence, then the fan base which is a devotee would say.  Those whose self-identity is not that big an issue in life because many people do not identify themselves, some do it by position, some do it by state, some do it by status.  It does this through religion, psychology is the identity of all of us. If you understand, even if we go to the Vedas, we will go to the old religion, we will go to all of them, in all those things, the identity of a human being is very very very big thing, but for many people, when they go to that political place,  If they come to India, they are very flexible, so the biggest problem here is that those people who do not have any identity of their own and if they have identity, they just come and mix, then as many opponents as they can.  There are also those who come here and leave them just like that, they don't leave them anywhere, in the same way, they get destroyed like the family members of a Chief Minister from Haryana who used to create a lot of noise in the other party, where they were originally from, Haryana, became the Chief Minister. Ok, now he has gone to their party, he doesn't open his mouth, he used to open his mouth a lot in that party, he did n't do this to me, he did n't do that here, he doesn't open his mouth here, he did n't give any MP ticket, he is from Hisar.  He is not opening his mouth, son, they were saying to him that they will make him a minister, if no one is made a minister then they will cut him to size and they will come and say, brother, come on, get to work, get to work, this is family, this is it, let's go, whatever.  Now it is working, this is a strength and it can also be a weakness when I will make a video on it in detail later but this was my teaser video that brother, this is a datum that here one footage of a movie will be consumed by only one person like  Earlier we used to see in the media that Akshay Kumar was unknown, he used to complain about cutting the roles and the footage of the fellow actors, many people used to get angry and we heard this and saw that brother, he took his roles for himself.  In doing this, if we cut out the roles of the rest, then what we call is who will consume the most footage in any movie, so here whatever is that of the topper student, there it is only this, that is, think of it, you can compare them, Kapil Dev.  that that  In the 175 innings against Zimbabwe, all the zero pay outs were made, by doing this one by one and the rest of the people also sat comfortably, I am saying that this is very wrong, it is okay to put so much load on one person, so you can give them the glory.  You can give it later also. It doesn't seem that you are working hard. It does n't seem that you are working hard. One person seems to be fully engaged. He is a topper student. He is the topper of the party. He is fully engaged but the rest of the people are brothers.  Some are not doing like this, it doesn't seem like this and the biggest problem is that I told you that they are doing colors of sherbets. Now star campaigners have been announced in UP and in other places, the name of the mother and son is not there, let alone the ticket of the son. Now tell me who am I talking about, all these GK tests will continue, mother has got the ticket but there was a rally just now where her son was there, so he did not go there because he cannot go, his name is not there.  These people who take their head Those who will bow down and show their identity will survive, like there was a leader, the woman leader Gadawar of Rajasthan, her name was cut off somewhere, it is not there anywhere, the names of the MPs whose names were also cut off, but they bowed their heads like this and were straight forward.  If we are moving then the water of Meethe Ghat which is ready to be created will work. Now it has to be seen who suits whom it suits to become the water of Meethe Ghat in life. Recently, a leader of Haryana attended his homecoming original party.  That's why perhaps they did not want to get into the colors of the sherbets or to become the water of the sweet ghat. I call such people a bottomless pot, okay, and I do n't have much respect for these people, okay, many. What happens every now and then is that people look at me in my community cast or beyond and say, 'Hey, you are here, we are all one', we should become like this, no, it is not like this, we should all become one, no, why should we become one, it means the country. Meaning, how can you mix more cast for parties, you will not be able to tell me till the election day, my viewer, where my vote is going, you will not be able to catch me on Idol ji, I will see my ko in the comment section now, you are this caste.  Those who belong to the caste are the same caste and that difference of J and J is ours. Okay, so why are we against them brother, why I am not a farmer brother, no you are not a farmer, they are not like that, I should gather and separate because look at whom.  Where there is a problem, he has a problem there. How will everyone become one by force? You see what is happening in UP, he is eating the bread and butter of an old Prime Minister from two seats, right, Pradhan, who was his grandfather, says this.  Familyism is real familyism or real familyism is not that your father was something, your grandfather was something then you too have not reached the real family or that when you have got nothing to offer other than their name and want to eat their bread only.  You want to hang on them, this is the real familism that brother, you want to eat bread by taking the name of Chaudhary Charan Singh, how long will you eat, how many years have passed, friend, your father has become mean by eating, now your number brother, it does not work like this, it does not work like this.  We will have to rise above the caste system, but the same thing is that if you rise above the caste system, then you become the water of the sweet ghat, then its identity is not that much, the color of the sherbet's identity is that I am this one, this one is of Khus.  I am sherbet, am I a Haja wala or am I an everyday person, it has its identity separately because the color is in it, it will dissolve, it will become that, so this is the paradox of many people that whether we can do it without losing our identity or not.  You can have an independent opinion while taking your own stand. Why should I be completely independent just because I come from a caste? I come from a province. Why should I forcefully be against someone?  Because you are against him, whatever problem you have with him may not be mine because the reason is that what I am trying to say is that there is a class difference also which I am trying to bring, I am more, my more loyalties are towards  My class and this will also come out like I want to tell you, let's talk about religion also, a little bit is okay, in a positive way let's talk about Hindu Muslim also. What I want to tell is positive, let me tell you, there is a Hindu vegetable seller who sells vegetables and there is also a Muslim vegetable seller and I take two actors, I am top Salman Khan and Akshay Kumar. Now I want to ask as a Guruji with lot.  Of affection and love and logic that this Hindu vegetable seller will identify more with Akshay Kumar and Salman Khan will identify more with that Muslim vegetable seller to tell the people that brother, these things will also happen now.  There will be a lot of discussion about all these things that they can no longer be done forcefully, there will be talk of class too, brother, the rich is the rich, the poor is the poor, or the middle class is confused, which is my core audience, this video is for you only.  I have talked about the above, did you understand that the color of the sherbets and the water of the sweet ghat are different, this ghat is below, that is of poverty, there everyone has their own system for the rich.  own  This is a different system, you have to understand this because any person who comes anywhere will tell you that you get into this one's sherbet, you get into this one's sherbet, you get into this one's sherbet, we are not the water of this ghat.  We are the water of this ghat, we all get immersed in this one. This is what I am trying to put in. How beautifully I am making identity politics and how beautifully I am making politics a base first. Beyond this, there will be more videos. Those who are enjoying will come, subscribe the channel, increase some subscribers, I want to bring positivity, there is a lot of negativity, some nonsense is happening on every channel, some nonsense is happening on social media and you know the rest of Godi media. How is the situation? Who will win and who will win? We know who will win and who will lose. First of all, let us be set in our mind that what do I want, brother, we will be united everywhere, we will be united here. I would also like to ask a question on whether we should be united or whether it is good to be united and being united is always against someone, how are we other wise, how are we other wise, you tell me, do you have a family, are you parents?  These are children, these are your family, but if someone from outside does something, who may be an aggressor, if you consider another country as your family, then you become one. Otherwise, how can you be united in everything? If father is doing something wrong, then we are one.  Mother, mother and father, there should never be a fight in life because your family is one, there should never be a fight between you and father, why are you one, why does n't it happen, no, no, even among the parents, there is a favorite child and Even among children, there is a favorite parent. I am talking about him so closely. If I talk about the family, where there are uncles and aunts, there are three or four brothers and sisters, their children are the grandfather, grandfather's favorite grandson is the grandfather.  If the favorite washes, then it will be a different system, this is how it is within the family, now how can everyone become one when we are a family due to blood relations, we are not able to unite, then why is someone else forcefully uniting us on something, why is this so?  We are doing one thing, we are living comfortably in our family, if ever something good happens in the country of India, then we countrymen are all one, we are all one, then all the water of the sweet ghat of colors and sherbets has come and we will make the same for it and we should do it.  but the rest of the time  Why are you sitting like this brother, the rest of the time then why can't we live in the country the way we live in the family? Today Papa is looking good, Papa has done this, today Papa is looking bad and then he is looking good, same with the child.  It happens that today I have misbehaved with you, today I am undoing you, I am happy with you, where is my child, it doesn't matter where he will go, it is natural that he lives in me, or have we become fools that only brothers will listen to mother, now mother has the vote, father has the vote. Never have a vote, it belongs to someone else, take it out, give all the money to the father, then put it in your name and do other work, this is not how life is lived, there is conflict between each other, there is conflict between husband and wife, mother-in-law is between father-in-law. It means that the sister-in-law goes along with the mother-in-law, it's okay, it happens everywhere, brother also, something happens, you know, when everyone accepts it and the color of the sherbets and one thing, they do n't even enter into the sherbets, even into an identity. No  Entering, everyone's name is the same, cast is the same, surname is the same, Leene is the same, even then we can agree to disagree, then write this English line, we should all agree to disagree, that I say bha, it is okay, you say, it is okay, I  Today I say it's okay, tomorrow I say it's okay because it 's a democracy, the country is free, opinion can change, so why is there a need to be so sad about it? It's okay without panta. Someone will say Lotte, I too will say Ko B, okay, so much, whatever this is from inside, because no matter how little I talk, you have been sold, hey, to how many people will one person be sold, I will be sold out to everyone, did the topper student say?  He also bought me because today in the video I said something against him, when I said something against him, he bought me and I mean, I am a lion in the lion market, every day I am getting options trading, today you are sold here, today you are here. A man has been sold, meaning he belongs to one side, he is sold, he is ready to be sold every day, in his break, in his breakfast, in his lunch, in his dinner, today I released his video like this, Oh brother, just because you don't think like this, just because there are no independent thinkers around you.  They are taken somewhere like sheep and goats. We are not animals, we are human children, we have got human body. I will make very good videos on identity politics and will also talk about caste and creed.  I will do it in a positive way and no one will get hurt because from inside, when you don't have the intention to hurt, even words cannot hurt, in the same way I am not saying that no one will get hurt even by mistake. This is coming because there is positivity at the thought process level. My aim is to change the way Indians and we Indians think because these politicians do not give us a chance to think, they always keep saying something or the other.  Go, brothers and sisters, do this, we will give this, we will give that, this will happen, that will happen, we do not allow the general public to talk to each other, that through this video and this my channel, it will give solace to many people.  It is happening because it is the time of politics, do not consume it without discussing it, not because it is in your face. When you are going out in the car, you can see the photo of the leader standing there, posters are visible everywhere, you are going on social media.  Are you politicized?  Democracy is happening brother, there is a lot of it in our country, I mean it is everywhere, discussions are happening everywhere in small cities and it is getting bigger in big cities, still let's go on, people might be busy in the hustle and bustle of money.  It may be decreasing but this is the dance of democracy, we have to participate in it every day, as long as it is about elections, we will participate in a positive way. How did you guys like the video? Please share. Thank you very much. Do subscribe to Much Channel, in this I will explain what was the meaning of this video. The meaning of this video was to tell that identity is important and only by dissolving your identity, I can somehow control you, if you are full of identity in yourself.  If you live in me, then I don't need you. If I live this idol of this topper student's party, brother, when you come, you leave, you dissolve, you dissolve, nothing is yours.  Then don't cry, I told you in advance that he will come and he came and sat in such a yava because I was watching it, if you look at it like this, they take out positivity from it, many people call them corrupt people, they have taken away, look at everything.  Batting can be done in a different way every day, like chess can be played from this side also. On one side, these topper students are taking corrupt people into their party. I am thinking that they  By taking the corrupt, they are destroying their identity and not leaving them anywhere. Now they are corrupt and they will suffer more if they take these corrupt people and give them power and make them ministers and then people like us will come and speak in our name because right now.  Because I can also give you the benefit of doubt, I do n't know, maybe some great man is playing a great game, we don't know, that's why when I come on video every day and speak, I say that my vote is not decided yet.  What has happened is that you have done it so quickly, then it is your choice, we are analyzing every day, seeing what is happening every day, because it is a possibility, because I have just seen, I have seen in ticket distribution and other things, but they have brought something special like this. Now that man is not able to understand. The old CM has been caught by the other party and has given him nothing like this. No, it is not seen that he is giving anything in the future. His mouth is also such that he is in pain.  then go back  If he is going back, then what is the credibility of those politicians? Sometimes here today, sometimes here again, this and this famous came Ram Gaya Ram, it started from Haryana, it was started by the people of Haryana or Ram Gaya Ram, nowadays we know this very much.  It is called this but it was originally here in 1960. Okay, those who sometimes used to sit here and sometimes used to sit there, so we also have to keep an eye on the politicians who are going from here to there, from here to there, irrespective of party.  If you feel that he wants to keep his power at any cost, then we do not vote for this person. Now brother, if you belong to this party, then you have become just too bad. My ideology is against my ideology. Show a lot of principle, a little, then see, if you are in power, I am an independent observer and commentator, then my commentary can change depending on this, but if you are in a public, then how will your ideas live?  There can be a change on daily basis, we can see the situation with our own eyes, those who see it can say that this batsman hit a very good six, brother, he bowled well, brother, he took a good catch, brother, his fielding was useless, brother, he made a good run out.  I am telling you, but how come the players are not allowing me to bat in the team every day, I am going to this team, I am going to this, then you will not have credibility, that is, you can be bought and sold so easily, that is the Message I hope you enjoyed this video, you may find these things a little abstract but it will greatly improve your understanding of politics by opening your notes, what is happening, please share, like, thank you very much.