Hello friends, recently in a Parliament, a lot of things are happening in the Parliament, but I spend some five-six days and a topic was raised, there was a lot of noise and discussion, after that I make videos so that  Mostly everyone has said what they had to say, after that I want to give clarity. This topic will be about women's issue of paid leave at the time of menstruation. Manoj ji in Parliament. Parliament in Parliament.  He had raised it, Shashi Tharoor ji had also raised it, Smriti ji is our minister in it, her statement also came due to which that ruckus and all that happened, she basically said in English that as I would also like to quote that as a menstruating woman menstruation and  Menstrual cycle is not a handicap, it is a natural part of woman's life journey and there is no need for all this holiday butti, so we should not forget this thing.  We will analyze the statement, this reaction is said, should there be a holiday, should it not happen, what should happen, will give clarity beyond this. Normally, from what I observed, all the reactions that are coming are coming from a feminist point of view, one point or the other.  They are coming from the off view that friend, you will take everything, you have taken it everywhere because this is Section 498, there are so many boys from Section 498 whose marriages  No, it seems like the girl got something somewhere. If the woman asked for something, then brother, we have been robbed. Sara will take our jobs, she will take away all the parents' money. Girls are all robbers, robbers, robbers, robber girls, there are many people with that approach.  People with this mentality are fine, even if they are 5 out of 10, there are many of them out there even if they are 5 out of 10. Well, they are those people, we will not mention them. If you too have this kind of thinking, then please do not watch the video. That is one view point, what happens many times is quite grey, the discussion is quite complex, there will be thinking that brother, if you give leave to women, then from where will we give it from our pocket, how will we give it and this will be a loss for them, there are many who  Ladies are girls who have gone a little ahead in business. Which maternal uncle is she or is she someone? She wrote that after so many days, women have got equality. If we ask for such things, then there will be no equality. Today I am very  I am going to tell one thing of high level to women as well as men because women do not exist in isolation, every woman is the daughter of some man, can be a wife, can be a mother and can also be a sister.  If these are relationships, then the first thing is that I am not giving any verdict that I am for the motion. This is not a school debate. Dhruv Rathi ji took something from Wikipedia and started a school debate.  M for the motion and  If this should happen, then Guruji, tell me quickly, should it happen or should it not happen, listen, it should happen, it should not happen, it is not even being discussed, right now this discussion is layered, what can happen, where is it coming from, what is the problem.  The topic is being discussed beyond that, so it will be fun only if you understand the thing carefully. If you are a woman then you have to watch it completely and if you are a man then you have to watch it 100% because I would like to explain this thing to you.  what i want to explain And some strong words will also be spoken which are not normally politically correct but what votes do we have to take and I don't need more likes here nor do I need more subscribers to add here, for that I have many other channels only.  This channel was created so that anyone who has time, money and intelligence can easily enjoy the membership on this channel because if any of the three things are missing then you will not be able to relate.  And yes money is also one of them because if you listen from the point of view of lack then your reaction will be different. Let's discuss further here that I am going to make a statement like this one made by Minister Sahiba, okay.  Because what is their logic in saying that as a menstruating woman, it means that they have said that friend, we are menstruating cycle people, who are you to tell us something, make us understand or make you do it? Who are you, what will you tell us, okay, we are women, this statement has done a lot of damage to women Pan India, this is what I want to say, the second thing I want to say is this, you have won three elections, the match is clear cut, India vs Sri Lanka type is going to happen next.  Why are you hitting your own foot with an ax? Why are you talking so arrogantly by talking like this? Hey, keep calm, you could have said just one line - Government of India. The proposal is not under.  Consideration how ever if there is something then we may consider it, it should not be so much and I Menstruation Hey you tell me, a few days ago there was a scheme in Haryana when this open defecation free drive was going on in India for many years.  First, the house where toilet will not go, Lado will not get married, Lado will not get married, Lado is considered the daughter, the girl, child, girl means woman.  Will Not Get Married Jahan Toilet Nahi Nahi became a super hit at that time Aake Bolte As a woman who goes into the gate I am telling it should not be there because it is a fall dose Hey brother, you being a woman, I am making the same statement for us This statement has been heard in the country and we agree with it anyway but no one speaks like this. In our country, women are the biggest enemy of women. They are special, no women and no one is conscious.  I am saying that I do not take drugs, do not even drink tea. No woman should reach a position or become more powerful because after going there, she gets pressured to think from a man's point of view to become a man.  What has happened is that only men have done it, so women get the power which a mother-in-law gets inside the house and see what the mother-in-law does to the daughter-in-law, because the mother-in-law was also a daughter-in-law, some are getting relations because the mother-in-law is also there.  Kabhi bahu thi hai serial ek aata  There was a woman in that too, because the mother-in-law was also the daughter-in-law, there was a woman, the practice of Sati, Raja Ram Mohan Roy, he was not a man, at that time the minister said, I am the lady, I am willing to die, what is your custom, what do you men like, man? Brother, woman does it, then I told that widow remarriage is the enemy. Vidyasagar ji, now I am not going to give knowledge by doing Wikipedia here, you have given one or two examples in mind which is as much as my GK. Come, I told you because in proving the point here, there is no point in taking out the side of something written like this, rice is cooked, there are raw, after eating a little, you can know all the good things, Lalu Prasad Yadav ji, you know what you can see and hear.  How is the calculation, brothers and sisters, in Bihar, in 90, they have given two days leave, if you are a woman in Bihar Government, then you get two days leave, not from today, it should be clapped from 30 years ago. Now they would say that if the leaders speak in the Parliament, then it is like a Church or Parliament. The elders of this country are the elders. If this country is a family then just like in a family, what the head of the family or the elders say makes a difference in the family in the same way.  What the leaders of this country say makes a lot of difference. Another dialogue was shot senselessly many years ago by a male politician from Uttar Pradesh. Now test who hit whom and whom. They are boys and boys make mistakes.  There was an uproar, right, there was an uproar at that time also that what nonsense he is saying, because you are a boy and you are excusing them, then how many men will become so bossy with this dialogue. Empowered to [ __ ] with you.  Minister Minister Hai Bola Sh Lady There Is No Handicap Because You Have To Understand The Menstrual Cycle Is Different For All  For some, it is a handicap. For some, it is not. For some, it is something. Look, for the women who come from the middle class, at least a little bit, and I will go to the very end by analyzing why this was done, how it was done and you  The pain inside will reach through my words and when it reaches you will know the truth because I have defined the audience very well - middle class with thought process, people with little money. Intellectual audience, she will get pain, that discussion is taking place, women have just won the election, women power, women empowerment are such nice words, then when Ujjwala scheme goes, you give cylinders, then women are getting benefited, only women are getting benefited, then women are getting benefited. You feel good by doing it because by directly putting 1250 votes in Lali Bahana Scheme, you can win the election because only the poor woman will be entertained by the politician and the middle class woman.  No one will do this, this is a pain because there is no vote bank. After 15 years from now, as poor as these people will be in the lower middle class and when these women ask, these same parties will be ready to give this thing also because vote bank is all the votes.  You are understanding that this is the politics of the bank and there is no discussion beyond this completely. Now don't be so hasty that you should meet, you should not meet, it will be in five days, it will be in three days, someone will say this, he will do this, it will not happen, how will it happen? Don't do it like this, the question is that just as you have denied who men are, it is the men who raise any issue of women who have said that it is men who are running the world. Is there any misunderstanding about women that they are running the world?  Can you tell me, there is no handicap between men and women. When there is a competition in sports in the Olympics, it is one and the other, isn't it? In Dialogue Dangal, our girl is girl, I am not less.  I would say, it is not less, not more, it is different, why don't girls fight with boys in wrestling, why is it different, even among men, women also have different categories, right 57 kg, this weight, that weight, heavy weight, 69 kg. Everyone has different categories so that there is level playing and competition. Inside the job, it is the same arena. Is it a job for girls or for boys? Everything is the same there and it is not the same, you know here this is a very deep video on a different channel or after this if you want the explanation of it and want it to be bigger then that too can become there are many men who enjoy a lot come let's fight yes  Yes, be equal, those women who take their rights, sit peacefully and do the job properly, they take care of all the rest, women have won in 12th, this time again breaking news comes every time. that may june  Board results are declared in 10th and 12th, where do these girls of 10th and 12th disappear in 10 years? The winners are not seen anywhere in the workforce. There is a workforce of 19-20 in which the lower class labor class is made class. This class has more jobs in it.  She is a woman and is not even middle class, even at 8-10. Where has that woman gone who was an intelligent woman, used to get higher marks in competitions and was further ahead in studies?  Where did she go because somewhere she was taught that it is okay to be a man among men, still it is okay here, many interviews of men have been taken, many channels have taken many, I have heard and seen, men are asked, a man says, or I know.  No, maybe there is some problem, you should get it, someone says that man, I don't know a man, a man is not the enemy as much as a woman, the boss is the worst boss for a female, because the one who has reached there is like a mother-in-law, like a mother-in-law, sometimes a mother-in-law  Woman  Ko yay, a new daughter-in-law will not sensitize her husband or her son or her sons after coming of age, that these are the problems, don't be harsh, honor, don't be so demanding on me, you had done such and such things to me so many years ago.  Now this will not happen with my daughter-in-law in our house. She says that I had committed an offense and also justifies it by saying that it was a sacrifice, it was a sanskar, she will tell any story.  The same happens to a woman who reaches a position of power. We too did it after having children. Yes, we have to leave like this. No, we have to do it like this. No, I have to come during periods also. No, we have to suffer like this.  I had also done this, you will also do it. In fact, she becomes a more spoken person and those who are clever people in the organization too, I will tell you a secret, this smart man is not the organization.  They are making it not bad, they put women in front in such a way that women are speaking against women, why are we trapped by speaking like this because it is a man who will speak this dialogue, if a man had said this then oh ho ho.  Yes, you know what was supposed to happen, but if the woman spoke, many people would ask about it. The woman said this, now the men will ask, nothing happens, you do drama, who knows, now they say that she is a mother-in-law.  who is elderly and does not have periods and  There is a lot going on right now, there is some fight, there is a quarrel, there is some irritation, hey Munna, this is us, we are ours, had we ever seen you lying like this, had we ever seen you lying like this, now he remembers Munna, he did not know because he never discussed periods. Ask your mother what is PMS but she does not remember that her mother used to be irritable. He cannot relate with periods. He feels that his grandmother used to bother him or his father used to bother him or  Aunt used to trouble mom, she was poor, mom used to do all the work, but mom was like this and look at mom's condition, what is happening now, the video you are listening to in your family 55 Look at any woman aged above 60 years, look at the condition of her body, what is happening to her, if she used to do it, then look at her condition, what is happening to her, what diseases she is suffering from, people say.  It is said that at least something happens during periods, some medicines can help, hey, if the work can be done by rest, then what is the need to take medicines, that is, bring so much passion, bring medicines, I will also talk about some solutions, first of all I will  I am talking about emotions, as the country rises above poverty, such issues come up, it is very important to discuss these issues, it is showing that India is progressing brother, you are in trillion dollars.  If you are going towards economy, then you will have to discuss whether it is trillion or trillion, not half a billion, there is poverty to be discussed, only when you get some money will you talk about comfort, not yes, you could have discussed something at home.  Let us talk about women. I have to ask that women are capable of doing everything. I agree that women are also flying fighter planes in our country, so capability wise it is a very good thing.  If a woman can fly a fighter plane, then what does it mean, there is no issue in physicality, but does she fly a fighter plane during her periods? My question is, as far as I know, you do not fly a fighter plane during your periods. There seems to be no need to fly and two.  So what if you don't waste four-five days, you can do training on that time, you can attend lectures, you can study, you can do some paper work, you can do anything else, then you can do the same.  Like women, when their period comes, the time comes, the first day and the second day are a unknown fact. No matter how many women say that nothing happens to me, they also have irritation on the first day, they feel a little strange. And for many, it stays for all five days, for many it stays for all four days, for many it is for various degrees, first of all, the women in the survey are lady security guards and maids from the lower class.  She does jobs like cleaning, broom etc. She was asked whether she had any high pretensions or not, whether she was of middle class or not, we are no less than anyone, we will do everything, we will defeat even men everywhere. It is practical, yes, it is a problem, yes, if you get some leave, then it is good, now many jobs are work from home, yes, they are running on the budget model, so if you are in that kind of job.  And in many companies it is like this, so what about if at that time, if you work from your home, I have not even talked about leave, now let's not talk about paid leave and that is the first option, so first of all this should be recognized because many women.  So there is shame in this thing that if we take paid leave, it means we are telling the office that I am on my period. There is shame in that. Where does this shame come from within women? Women of one generation, I have heard it in the ears of other women. In my consultation, I have heard everywhere in my experience that I am a social observer, a social scientist and the observations I bring are not discussed anywhere on social media and are not made anywhere because they are written in big terms in English. Who tells by giving an example? Who tells that what a mother-in-law says to a daughter-in-law or a mother to a daughter, that these underwear and vests are drying, they should not be visible, there is nothing on them.  And put the cloth and dry it. Have you heard that? Are you that woman? Why are we so careless in drying our bra and panty? What are we thinking that what will happen if the bra sees the panty? Will he steal something?  And some thoughts will come in his mind, why is he so shy about these things, because even the old ladies can say, hey, why do you wear these pads, use only cloth, why are you wasting money, these pads are made by man.  someone has This woman did not make left to woman woman, it is also like this, call it an Indian woman, she poor woman does not even open her mouth, for her, a man has to stand up every time, be it a son, a husband, a father or even a wrestler in a dance.  It was the father who made it, but the mother didn't make it so that if I come and wrestle, all the work is being done by men, that is why men are discussing this today and only men have to discuss it, women will come and mother-in-law will say anything.  Like, the behavior is like mother-in-law, because once mother-in-law was also daughter-in-law, what is the need, so we put clothes, a generation of women put clothes, now they say, Minister Sahiba says that it is a natural process, Madam Sahiba, Minister Sahiba, it is a natural process.  Pregnancy and delivery are also natural, that too is unnatural, then why do you give six months leave, then only the government gives it, earlier it used to give three months leave, then the government gives it.  He said, no, the work is not done in three, we will have to do six, but there are so many women, women are officers, there are women in the government too, wherever they are, they come with one month old child and do their duty, the woman who does not see her child.  She is not worthy of anything, she is not worthy of any other work, but this is the way it has been created in the society. A woman can become the Prime Minister whether she wants to or what post above that is right or she becomes something else. She will be afraid of doing something for women. This Something Like If the Minister of Minority Affairs is made by a person from minority, he also feels that he doesn't know what will people say to me if he does something. If a person from minority is made the minister from majority, then perhaps he might do more. This is something wrong with psychology, if a woman is the boss and  She has shown sensitivity towards women by saying that if someone fixes the bathroom or if someone shows some leniency or adjustment for them from time to time then it will be shown that she is  Less she is like less of a boss, less she has to become a man, everyone is roaming around with manly energy, do n't know, people want to roam around in the society with this muscular energy, women too, this femininity has made this world worth living in. If left to  Main na to sab ud jaaye, she is the balancing force of the world, woman is Venus, women should not feel ashamed in saying what they want because what is productivity anyway, you want their body. In those times, you can check with anyone, no matter how much you say, to what extent you have to be equal, no matter who is in your company, no matter where you go in this corporate, all those men are women according to the sensitivity of their body. You must have seen women not according to husband and wife, you, he, she is doing 24, she is saying do 26, there are fights in the house, but at home, you have more rights, why do women have to fall, see in the offices. What  A woman who is having periods, she has issues of temperature, she has issues of all these things, it is okay, but what is this sensitivity in men? Still there is doubt in men that I do n't know, if I tell you, my love will be scattered or I don't know, maybe.  It happens that someone asks his wife if something happens, you guys, yes, there is pain, some say it is less, some say it is more, but if a woman comes into it, she says.  Give, as I have already told you by taking an example, mother, now you tell me, in pregnancy, many people have a very smooth pregnancy and many have already given it in a trimmer, vomiting is not digesting the food, it is like this, someone's placenta has become low.  I have as much knowledge about all these things as I have. Will you say, are you just me? I am one of the top marital consultants of India. I have as much actual pain and all these things.  I know, very few normal men would know that if someone himself is a doctor then it is a different thing but I am bringing a 360 degree perspective. Look at the family of any two women, no two pregnancies are the same, even one woman who is listening to me.  And if you are a man and have two children, ask your wife. No two pregnancies of a woman are the same. In the first one, I felt like eating something. In the first one, nausea used to come in the morning and in the other, in the evening. Some people have problems in the second trimaker, some people have the same problem, now some mother-in-law should tell her son, son, nothing is happening, I have given six traffic jams, nothing has happened to us, so in doing this, see who is throwing tantrums.  And the son will also feel that mother is saying the right thing or our five-six were like this or theirs were like this, so what do these people say, she is throwing tantrums, hey, times have changed, bodies have changed, everything is old.  I don't know what kind of work men used to do after climbing the kitchen table, what happens to the men of today, when men are not able to do the work which earlier men used to do, then women have become that much, there is a difference in the food habits, which is in the mind. Everyone knows that energy is wasted in brain work. Earlier people did not eat so much, it used to be like this, I had the strength to eat, I ate the dough, I ate this, I ate ghee, I ate this, nowadays I don't eat, I don't even regret it.  Or that is not a trend, then it is too much to be touchy, whatever you have to say, do it, then the government in the society is the mother father, the government is the mother father, when the government says something then everyone listens. How many years ago has any Prime Minister ever said this?  It was said that now we don't want to eat this food, there is a fight going on in the country, in 65, the country followed, someone had just said that if you bang the plate then the public will follow everything and should do it, I am never making fun, you are our leader.  You will say, bang the plate, you will bang the plate, you will say, close the doors, bang, whatever you say, you will do it, but look at what you are saying, you will be made a judge of it later, but the country has given you a lot of power that what you say in the Parliament, that every person.  One hears when it is said in Parliament, when a law is made that if a cab driver in Bangalore has ever done something wrong to a woman, which can be a very wrong thing, then the rules for women are changed. For security, the last drop will not be a woman, there has to be some other man and something else, the government has changed the rules. This happened with a journalist inside Delhi, so she was packing up at 3:00 and was leaving at night.  And then rules came out that women should not do it before they become blind, not do it here, do not do it there, this causes irritation, those who are running the administration, but gradually they  Processes become systems, people become used to it and that productivity comes out. There are many such things where like if you have a creative field or journalism, then in journalism you have to create something but your periods are going on. It is happening in your mind and in the body, just like I am, if I were coughing for the last one week, now I feel like making a video, but if I am coughing, what should I do, I am not able to make sense.  I will cough once or twice. Videos are made for 25-30 minutes. I cough the whole time. Only the special audience will say, Guruji, take some rest. There is no need to make it daily. It is just humanity, nothing else. Now that is a natural process for the lady. We all know that on the first day of every month, ask your mother, ask your sister, ask her, ask your wife or ask a friend, whatever these days everyone talks about and you should ask.  Boys have to ask, if you are a man, you have to ask a woman and talk about periods, is it difficult, is there irritability, is there any problem, are there cramps, how does the mind feel, those who are married,  Do you know that PMS is also a thing, brother, from the day this period starts, the irritability factor is going on a lot, this too, now what about giving leave for this too? I have not yet said, give paid leaves everywhere, I have not said, I am saying that first acknowledge the leave due on this day, whether in government or private, it has become difficult to get one's rights. Have to tell that mother will be ill, this has happened, this has happened, if you don't get the same, then I am saying that let's talk about paid leave later, we will see from company to company, but at least for unpaid leave.  There should not be any question that brother does not give you that annual leave of yours, there may be some adjustment process in it, the procedure may be that there were 20 days, 30 days, 40 days in a year, some were eggs, some were not, then adjustment in it has to be done for the woman.  Leave it above that there is no cut in it, there is no cut in it, at least give provision to the one who doesn't want to take it, the one who doesn't have it will not take it, the one who has it will take it, don't do the tree now, don't do the tree now  But at least discuss this thing. Right now there was a woman journalist. I was watching her. She was saying that I have so many periods, it is so difficult. She was saying that I have to take injections, so I get admitted. Two days are over, this is a big issue and these women are talented, you tell me who needs this support and the one who is a top heroine, take any one, she is a top heroine, now she has to do some good energetic dance and that dance will cost Rs 50 crores. 30 crores to shoot, so will the shooting happen only when her periods are going on or can it be later because during your periods you are low on energy, in old times it was always told in our place that when they come  So there is no need for a woman to go to the kitchen, there is no need to go to the temple, people took it to do with hygiene that you are not allowing her to enter, oh brother, it was to do with the fact that your energy levels are low.  It was to tell that you will not slow down because the temple is God's work. God has also said to you, God has also said to you, child, right now, you can rest at this time, I also have my devotion.  There is no need to do this, it has to be interpreted in this way, it has to be interpreted in this way that the energy levels at this time are true that you are vulnerable for so many things, now I will make a separate video for that sometime.  I will give the one from the temple if you want because I am also an astrologer and have the old knowledge as to why it was forbidden in the temple and one should not fight every time or not. It has got nothing to do with menstrual hygiene blood and all that and all that.  That is the small thinking of the people, that people have thought in their mind, let's do something else, I will tell that if you people want, in the form of a separate video, but earlier it was said to the women, 'Hey, you rest'.  Do it, some other woman will do the work in the house, the man will do the work, we will do something else in those days, they are two-three days, although maybe the biological process lasts for four-five days, but whatever has been talked about through experience is through word of mouth.  Which is my experience or you can also increase your experience, after this video you have to talk openly with four-five women in your life that friend, talk on this video, post it in the comment section, this is my request.  Those who are women, you can post in the comment section, what is Sharma shy? Yes, tell me, first day is more or first is two days or is it third day, two days is one day, many countries have given two days leave, many people have  There is a provision in this, Bihar, our state, Kerala also has some holidays, Bihar has given rest of two days, Spain has four days in a year, Japan has been saying this since 1947, they do not give trees, they say.  Unpaid Lelo, many women do not take it since 1947, they are saying that the taker is on 1 for 1, but the provision is there, it is not yours, do not take the trouble, take what is due to him, at least he will not be asked, otherwise what will be done to you, the biggest. What is the problem when the periods are going on? There is a problem. There is some irritation in the body. Now you do the normal reception work and work as a receptionist. You have a normal job.  You don't have much problem. You went to the office that day and you let your guard down. When someone spoke to me, I signaled to him that I understood, but there was a high performance meeting, there was a presentation, there was a high stress job because inside the office.  When someone is going to work, it will not be according to someone's period because you are not a top heroine, it is normal for a top heroine to decide when to shoot, dance or do it because her  The whole world will adjust but she is a normal woman, she has a corporate presentation, a big client is coming, there is a very stressful situation and now her period has also come, now she has another period, weakness, stress and after that she fell ill.  It's bound to happen and many women fall ill, then their jobs don't work like this, then it's the husband who leaves the family in the house, this is what's happening when this country doesn't have to worry about our  These are the girls who do well in 12th, score good marks, why are they not in the work force, why will they disappear, because because of these activities they will disappear, ours is aa full and none na se five or full time full all in or home. But sit in the middle, we are not ready to give concessions to anyone and in this matter, now the thing is that a female can avoid marriage for her career, that is, I will not marry for my career, she can also avoid having children.  is that  I don't have a child. To have a child, there is pregnancy, then it is small, then I have to raise it, then my job will be traveling, but no woman can avoid periods because those who do not have periods, they also have a disease or those who have regular periods, then there is no period.  If a woman cannot avoid it, then when the level playing field and if the country thinks a little, then that man has always been providing something for the woman, then you should have a feeling from within that yes man, it is like this, I am a little bit of a thing.  I want to tell you that the women who work as sweepers, come to your house and do the utensils and also when they go through this period, what sensitivity is there or should there be because it is okay to put hands in cold places during these periods in winters?  During the time you give a leave of one or two days, the woman gives leave and the maid also gives her two holidays of the month, as she is authorized, the deal is that brother, we will do it in 30 days.  Will work and also adjusts with the same time, so when everyone wants this, then my request is that first of all this subject should be discussed and it should be said that what the minister madam has said is just because you are a woman, madam.  You cannot stand for all the women. No man can come and stand for all the men. Representatives are in the opposition just because they are men, so if you try to spoil them like this then it is men.  There will be shaming, isn't it? It is man shaming, man cannot speak for woman, meaning for woman, you want to say this, women know everything about women and if woman has not raised the issue and women do not have any problem then you  Who are they to say, women are going everywhere, women are flying fighter planes, women are conquering Mount Everest, women are doing everything, then we are no less than anyone, madam. There must be some trouble in three, four, five days. No  It happens every month, someone is giving you something and you are getting something from him. Has this become a sex week? Who is this strong? Who is this week? How long will you keep doing this? If this was the biggest competition then it would be considered Olympics.  There is a separate race of 100 meters for men and a separate race for women, but this is real work, it is also a competition, there is no separate race here, whenever we play golf, there is a handicap in it.  It is said that brother, this much of this is yours, if you think so, then say that no, no, women should eat less, whenever they work, they will show their full strength, a man wastes his time in cigarettes, the amount of time a man wastes in cigarettes, in getting a job.  I had made a video, do women do that much, how many women smoke cigarettes at the job, how many men drink how much tea, how much they gossip, the most chatty men are, sitting with the boss and giving the feeling, Sir is sitting here, the woman is ours.  taking care of one's own work  She goes ahead and if she does work from home for half a day on the day of her periods or she takes leave for half a day, whoever has more trouble, periods are not like that they come once in 12 days, they come once.  He comes only once in a month, he will come 12 times in a year, in 12 times, if he uses some of his paid leaves, some by Han and sometimes luck favors him, then the next period will be on Saturday Sunday.  So it is a very good thing that periods will come even on Saturday Sunday. If you multiply the probability from 2 to 12 then there will be three periods. There are 12 periods in a year. I can even tell you the math. If there are 12 periods in a year, then three to four of them will automatically come.  There will be default holiday days, there is no need to take it, no need to ask. Out of those eight, you can work from home in some of them and in some of them you can get a half day leave.  Take yours for half a day, you give me for half a day's unpaid, the issue is solved, at least I got a feeling that yes friend, someone is thinking about us, someone is thinking about us and the women who are in need.  No, don't take it, those who don't have any problem, those who don't have any handicap, those who don't have any, but I am telling you that everyone has problem for one or two days, on that day you will call the body and keep it, the soul will not be in the mood to work. That even men suffer from fever, cough and cold two-three times a year. It happens to everyone, men either accept it or they get relief from it by taking medicines. So, if you know what productivity is, then a little.  You will have to be a little sensitive, before making these blanket statements, you will have to think that you have raised your mouth and made a statement, there is no need, we do not need to do this, hey, don't bring the law, you can discuss it if you have opened a ministry.  You can do some discussion, some survey, some report in the name of children and women. How many committees are there in the government? How many surveys are there? Do a survey. Nowadays, do a survey through digital medium with random 2-4-6 lakh women of India.  Brother, who has so much trouble with periods, then it was found out that out of a thousand women in the village, only four have trouble, in the cities so many have it, so many in this age group are working.  It happens to so many of the working people, it happens to so many of the non-working people, now when there was a housewife woman from the Middle East, she herself was speaking, then she said, women are the enemy of women, they get so much maternity leave, they get so much leave, they cost so much.  Hey madam, you have never done a job for two days, you have not come out of the house, when your periods come, you have troubles in your children's life, you are irritable in your husband's life, you do not like food, you do not like food, which  This is a very natural thing and sympathy and empathy is as I am telling from my personal op, but you are the one who speaks for the woman who is working, you have not worked for a day, you do not know what it means to work as a teacher.  Have you ever seen the condition of teachers these days? They have to stand and teach. Do you know that when a man has problems during his periods, the man wants me to sit somewhere and that teacher.  You stand and read like this, if the teacher is listening to me and you also do not write in the comment section, then from where will I get the moral to make my video, some teacher must be listening to me, some must be the teacher's wife, some can still be there.  So you must be watching the video, the teacher cannot sit, a new one has been made in private schools, whether it is government, I have not been off late yet, but in private schools, there is no desk and chair, after one period, second after second, third, third, fourth, that.  Lady is standing, standing, hey, tell me, when there was Covid, we were talking like this on Zoom, so studies were going on, you are the teacher here, raise that chair of yours a little higher, like Judge Sahiba, like Judge Saheb.  We will see a little more, what is the need for the teacher to stand, so you have brought complete technology, power point presentation, computer laptop, pointer, pointer, everything is here, you charge a fee but that is for the teacher to sit.  There is no provision that she should stand all the time. Tell me, which is the office where she sits in the plane for two hours? Even when the plane takes off, she sits for take-off and landing for half an hour in between. No one stands at his job the whole time, and those who stand, then their hours are less. You have opened an eight-hour school. The teacher is standing the whole time, so it has to be seen that she is having her periods, poor girl.  Then she is taking leave  Or she is not able to do the job or she is having cramps or why is she being harassed? Why do we have to harass people? Brother, if at least someone gets periods, periods means he has come to school, period in school.  Confused, if your menstrual cycle is going on, can you sit in the staff room and check your papers, check your book, fill your teacher's diary, do some other work? Is there any provision in the school that Madam, this class is a little free. Madam, she will come for a day or two and do some work. She will do work from home. Is there any provision because I see the teachers' problems and I see the women's problems in the same way?  By looking at it one can know where the problem is coming from, whether it is of the body, given by the mother-in-law, given by the husband or they are running their own programs, I have become a little experienced in that regard, but in vain.  Hey brother, if you take a little care of women, I know this much, whatever you give to a woman for the society, I will give back 10 times to you. Remember, what the society is giving, she will get back 10 times. Time of every choosing and  Every place and women, I am telling you that she is the biggest enemy of women. Again video on the same thing. If you agree with this then write yes enemy YD. Write YD is code that yes enemy. We believe that any woman, be it a woman or a woman.  a lot of  The biggest enemy is that men will have to come in between and tell things and many women are kept like this, they are kept in Tokism where if women have to be silenced then men do not have the courage because then there will be a huge uproar.  Only a woman is kept and when a woman speaks to a woman, then they say that, man, what did he say to us? So do you want to be such a woman? Keep a hand on your heart, just because you struggled, I know Minister Sahiba.  They will say like this, I had so much struggle, I came up like this, it was a complete struggle, but madam, if I can't continue that struggle, now it is easy because the minister has a bungalow and a car with all the amenities. If you get a good one, then any woman has to face problems.  There will be no period, but the woman who is going, who is going hanging in the metro, the woman who is going hanging in the bus, which does not have last mile connectivity, get down somewhere in Gurgaon.  One has to walk the last 600 meters in the office, it is okay that those who wear sandals due to the pressure of their society, cannot wear PT shoes, cannot wear sports shoes because the society says no, if you come to corporate, then wear those clothes. You are having those cut cut cut cut heel periods, then 50 types of hormonal problems occur, PCD occurs, OD occurs, irritation occurs, the pain gets saved, you lose your job, then Your work force participation rate is stuck at 1819 in which the middle class people are not doing it at 9. Where are you taking the country and then you are saying that we have to become world leader, we have increased the GDP, do this, make it 5 trillion.  Do this, do everything like that, the whole story is female empowerment, there is no female empowerment. In the name of female empowerment, pretend like this and cast Rs 1250. Vote for us only. That's it. Female empowerment is the female empowerment of the poor. Only the women of the poor have value because they are the vote bank. Middle class women have no value, there is no value, there is no discussion because brother, they might vote for you anyway, donkey.  So while saying this, it will become political because inside me too, Jaspa wakes up many times when I should not wake up, Guruji should remain in peace, my aim is not to influence anyone here, my aim is here.  This is an awakening that brother, please discuss about them also, it will take 15 years to become a vote bank, these women will not get anything for 15 years, after 15 years they have to meet, write here and take this issue within the elections of 2000-39.  What I want to say here is that in 2024, whatever political party is there, make it an issue and say that we will give that leave, when you are giving reservation to everyone, then reservation.  Many people are feeling chilly here, here one or two women have spoken on this matter, no one has spoken against it in the Parliament, even the men are saying brother, we don't know, try it, no one is standing against it.  Two women said something like this, we have this or that, other wise, you are getting reservation, many people find it chilly, but you are giving free electricity, water, mohalla clinic programs to many people, herds are being distributed, ok.  A lot of things are being given in many places, so brother, then discuss this also because mostly this discussion only affects the middle class women, the rest of the job conditions are different for the lower class women.  There is no such policy required there, you don't take out any HR letter, appointment letter policy before hiring your maid and she does n't come, never comes, sometimes you bite, sometimes don't bite, sometimes she leaves, sometimes you leave.  would have left  Yes, that program is running there, so it is not needed there. If it is not needed there, then brother, then this discussion should not happen because it is the vote bank because give them the cylinder. Hey, you gave the cylinder, so it is possible that 00 are left for them.  There may be subsidy in the cylinder and out of the Rs. 500 left, her husband drank alcohol, it is okay, it is not necessary, there is no benefit for the woman, he did not drink alcohol, you saved Rs. 500 and he started drinking alcohol and started smoking cigarettes.  It is possible that here the direct benefit is to be given to the woman. In this, the direct benefit is to be given to the woman. So, when the woman gets the cylinder, the benefit can be claimed, which according to me, may be there may not be direct benefit, may be there may be no. No, but there is a direct benefit here, but why is it not being discussed here? Brothers and sisters, make this video a discussion. I have made the video with so much effort and so much effort. You know that I am not able to do so normally.  In the videos and I still have a little cough, even then I have shown the passion, so if I have shown the passion, then you also show the passion, share it in some form, before that film which comes and go to the ad hall of Akshay Kumar and see it, just for that. You have left just this menstrual cycle thing, nothing else, no important discussion can be done, it cannot be stopped, society has to see, subscribe the channel, share this video vigorously in the comment section. Write what do you think of it. Don't think from the prism of just what is the benefit to me. Every man who is listening to me will become a woman. She is the mother of all. Without a mother, people are not born. Mostly, even if you marry, you will be the wife. Some will also have sisters, some will also have daughters, so don't think that whatever you are doing, don't make it man versus female. Even today, if someone  You have a choice, right? If I do a poll and tell men that there should be some provision that you brothers, sisters, sorry sisters, no, you will get two days leave. If you can bring periods into your life, then all the men will join hands. Say brother, freedom.  Give, we will do it in work, we don't want period bard para ke ki feeling hai, this is a fact, so when in your heart you know as a man you will never want to take  Two days leave and one day leave and two days leave paid unpaid and what ever changes in this what ever the woman goes through so have a heart and I know men are not so bad here I will tell men more in this thing  Not only this, I will say here that women are the enemies of women, when women are getting something, someone is starting the discussion, it is the man who is starting it, women should be welcomed. Debate, yes, talk, mention it, come and set it on fire, there is no need for nonsense, women are equal, power, women power, women power, you do it differently in the Olympics, you do it differently everywhere else, one half, someone is giving you the provision of his.  Take it, otherwise there is no need to take maternity leave. Don't take anything. Hey, the government has now started giving this leave, child care leave, to men also in case of divorce or if the woman leaves.  And if the father is alone and it is a boy, then it is being done for the child. Maternity leave is for the child. Child care leave is for the child. It is not for the mother. Maternity leave is for the child. This is the leave which is given to the woman.  The woman who was saying that she is a housewife is getting maternity leave and she is getting maternity leave. Hey, maternity leave madam, that is for the child.  It is being given for Chotu Baby, so that his mother will feed him milk. Even without feeding him, the mother's work will be fine. What will happen to her? Maternal tea for the child. Nothing is being found for the mother yet. Woman.  There is nothing yet for a woman. If she does not become a mother, she is not getting anything. If a woman does not become a mother, if she does not marry, then she is not getting anything. She should get a little bit. I am saying this, I am still not saying this.  I hope you can stomach everything.  I am not even saying, do it for five days, I have calculated the math and told you, but I am saying that open your mouth and ask, he or she can make a call, or even say 'not well' today. There is no need to even tell a sensible person, a hint is enough.  Yes, Understood is a very good employer, I am getting a lot of space, maybe Jomat, Swiggy, four or five more companies whose names I am forgetting or maybe I have written about them somewhere, so I will try to read and tell you, if it is written somewhere, there are many.  company  Sugi is giving, the company is giving by marketing, Zomato is giving 10 days paid companies, nine companies are giving this in India, there are nine companies in India which are already giving this, I want this instead of nine companies, 90  Let the company become 900 companies and if it gets mentioned then giving it to everyone is true. What is true in Tokism is that there is no shame in discussing that thing. This is the only message, share it with everyone. Thank you very much