Hello friends, Merry Christmas movie review, these days my reviews are going very well, maybe people don't like the way I am doing, then I will review the Merry Christmas movie which is new, Vijay Seeto, Pati ji's and Kar Katarna Kaif, Shriram Raghavan.  We know the director, his genre is thriller, the first half of this movie is very slow and the initial 1015 minutes feels like it is very slow.  The movie is going on and the picture picks up pace after the interval. The background music is very good as it remains in Katarna. Kaif ji 's acting is showing because now that kind of movie is not Dhoom and that kind of one was Tiger and like this. Vicky Kaushal ji's influence is also visible in acting, I would look a little short after getting married, but it is a fact that the acting thing is visible, however, one thing makes me feel like the heroines of today are age cross.  37 38. I am not very sure should be said on the face. This thing should not be said. The butt is looking as if Botox and something else has been done because the face is not able to smile. If you will see many heroines like this in this age group,  This is too much, I think, if you do a little gracefully with your wrinkles or something, then I think it will be fine that the athlete, when you smile, your face smiles, so this part does not move at all.  I mean, this was an observation, it is a review of the movie, but a new observation is that that face has started looking a little different, so this is an observation of the same kind, you see, Vijay Sethupathi is very very comfortable with his what ever personality.  The body is a little fat but so natural and what a beautiful acting, it is very nice, good acting of hers and surprisingly if you see her chemistry with Katrina.  Coffee is also very good, I think both of them are seven numbers. The energy and vibes of seven numbers are visible in this movie. Incidentally, there is a video of one of my seven numbers which is youtube1 video. Nummol ji's longest and most detailed.  Commented upon the most views, so if you are someone born on 7 16 25 or is in your heart, then see that too, it is the vibes of Ketu, it is the vibes of Ketu.  The movie also has vibes and thriller, but Sriram Raghavan could not make it so much. If we compare it with Andhadhun, then the plot does not shock much, which was similar to the one we had seen in Andhadhun, so that way it is a bit lacking. Even without giving much spoiler, I will still say that I am not telling much of the story. If you have seen your butt, this one was of Kareena Kapoor and this was of Ahlawat ji. Jaideep.  As for Awad, brother, you can avoid this one. If that picture had not come then this picture would have been fine. Now, after watching the picture in the cinema hall, I am like, which one of those Mamas Mal's is that director? Cut to the one above on the top floor, there are four of them.  There were people sitting, meaning two or four, we were born, two or four, so the meaning of the picture is that it is not worth spending money in the hall to watch it. I can say that you can avoid it if I tell you in the short end of the review because it is thrilling.  The aspect is not able to come out, it is formed once, after a short interval, it is also a little surprise inside it, it is not like that, but it is like that promise is never fulfilled, it always seems like this.  That it will happen now, now it will happen now and he says, it's like someone drinks something like soda and it doesn't mean that much, it means he gets a little fussy, it's like that feeling and a lot of acting, but still I would say a lot of acting.  it's good now  You will not say that the acting is good but that plot and that thing is such that it feels like déjà vu when you watch the entire movie and whatever its story line is, it feels like this has been seen before, this has been seen before.  This or that has happened somewhere or the other and what happens in these movies is the same problem that in my opinion the movie has been kept in the long shelf, the problem of keeping more in the long bag also becomes wrong that in that way someone  And if he comes then they will say  Hey, that's what happened, so these are also a lot of issues in film making, this is fine, I now feel that the way cinema is left in India, it is now only this that the bigger pictures are coming.  Neither is it like Pathan Jawan or now there was Salaar or before that there was Triple R or KGF or now there is Fighter coming or in me also Tiger bhi lo tiger tha, then this is a big budgeted picture, isn't this the one in which you will be scared in the cinema hall.  dhuku And that noise and noise is still the same movies in my opinion, however, like Vicky Kaushal's 'Samam Manisha' and '125 Crores' are done quite decently, but now I have started feeling that cinema will be all about now which is this.  Hall's cinema will be all about the experience because now these things have come on OTT, which means that if this movie had also been released on OTT, then nothing like this would have happened, then according to Hall I don't think that it will be able to pull out its budget of Rs. 60 crores, which means I believe it has a budget of Rs. 60 crores, so I don't think that it will be able to pull off the release in 12 to 13 days, 12 days, 13 days, it's 25th.  It seems difficult, even inside the end halls, there is a feeling of excitement. I noticed one thing in the movies, only if a big movie comes, people are coming for the small one, so today I saw that  The way Animal was, it is fine, if it is a big picture, there is a lot of adrenaline rush in it, there is dopamine, there is adrenaline, there is music, there is noise, there is some background score, then people will be attracted and people are getting very choosy, call it inflation or different-  There are different platforms also, people are paying different fees for them, take this into action, which movies should we make next because if you release the film in cinema halls and make its budget Rs 60 crores, then it will be better than this.  Perhaps You sit for a while and watch a web series or something, because a movie is of two and a half to three hours long and there is an interval in it, and then you reach there half an hour earlier, then you walk from home, then you park the car in the mall and then outside.  You go and then eat something and then come back, brother, it takes about 6 hours. Even if it is a movie of two and a half to three hours, it takes 6 hours to leave the house and come back. In winter, if a person makes an effort, it will take that much time.  Any good web series ingressing c  That can also be seen, I had reviewed a web series, it was also very good, so if that can also be seen, I have already reviewed it, Fal Me Once, now I will post the review on this channel, I have posted it on different pages.  Finally the demand came that I will include only the Guruji form Gurugram channel for review because it is a current channel, it is a channel of current affairs in a way, the videos in it are according to the latest happenings in everyday life. I will put it here, so all my viewers from other channels also come here and watch the video number seven. If you want to see it, then you will definitely find it in the comment section. The chemistry with Neurology is very amazing for Katrina, this is from Vijay.  Vijay Sethupathi is a very fine actor, he gives very good vibes and from within, whatever scenes he does, it is not very easy to feel affection after seeing it, there is attraction in the personality and if  You see his movie in Jawan, like see, it has become a super hit, The Way He Speaks Hindi, so there is something good in it, there is something good in it, we have seen it in fake, it is okay and which one was it in which we have seen it, I am forgetting right now, it is okay  So Varvara, he has been seen very affectionately and he looks good, it is okay and I am liking his acting but some how acting, what should the poor girl do, if the plot is as it is, then a man cannot go beyond it, so that is where I am to the director.  I will blame a little on that, although Sanjay Kapoor's acting is very good, Vinay Pathak's acting is good, his scenes are like they are there all season, the actors are fine, that Amani Bhave ji also always comes in his roles, his last two or three.  The scene is she also likes good, okay, so if anyone has seen Jaane Jaane, the movie is considered tough, then he will watch it, save a lot of money, save time because time and money are very precious, okay for all of you.  So the times come, if you have seen Andha, it is even till the last scene of Andhadhun, that too seems like the ending because I was always like that, what is the ending? Starting and ending are like that, if you have seen Andhadhun, then what are those times?  It happens that some work of a director becomes so good that even an average or high average work does not seem as good after that, otherwise this is also a truth of life that many times you set standards for yourself.  You achieve so high that later on you are not able to reach even near your set standards, then people verdict is Disruptor, it is a little Disruptor, it is okay and can be avoided, however Katarna ji's acting has come out, Vijay Sethupathi's acting is very good in it.  There is no doubt but still the movie as an overall a dozen hold together and wow and it is not fun when you come after watching the movie, one is enjoying it, so why see?  Short of it, I will give as many marks as people review. I don't give movies. The review should be straight. Brother, go to the hall and see it. Or don't go. It means there should be a clear recommendation. I liked it, you liked it like this.  It didn't work, I gave three stars, 3.5, I gave two stars, I gave five stars, this does n't make any sense, I am simple, no, don't look, don't spend money, it's okay, don't spend time, so you people want this kind of reviews, you will accept this.  Channels will keep coming to the channel for you guys.