Hello friends, it is a very important topic for the society, middle class children and heart truth about job and career. This is not being digested by the middle class and what is happening, I am telling when our country started progressing after independence in 47.  When independence came, every subsiding generation watch doing butter, give the previous generation because they came out of poverty, everyone used to work hard, payments took hard work  Kari children were infiltrated, literacy rate was very high, children were not educated throughout the period, children got posts and then their children got more posts and then a growth pattern was seen. Be it the reforms in 91 or our own economic reforms, after that the economy was accelerated, there were government jobs and  A middle class was formed because at the time of independence, there was a lot of middle class, okay, now the small quantity of middle class is the definition of everyone.  She keeps worrying a lot, what is the big problem that now in the middle class, if you are a group officer or a group officer or have reached here at some level, I am talking about the father, then the son is not starting from here and reaching here.  It is no longer a different era who is now clamoring for these jobs here, now access is through reservation, there is competition because of technology, internet has increased a lot, the passion has increased a lot or the population will increase a lot. That reason is very high, 30 years ago in 1990, if you were middle class and your father had decent money and was normal, then you did brilliant tutorials, you bought physical books, you had access to good schools, then you  There was a huge advantage in percentage and numbers. Now with respect, you do well in the fellow country, so children, the result of true has become right. The right one of a3 has come out now.  They have become parents, their children, we are coming inside the market, their children are coming in the market, and now the middle class also lives in the upper middle class, Milli-Milli class, what a time it has been, but what is the government now?  If you see, there will be no jobs even after 20-30 years. If 180 were taken then some 180 vehicles have been running for many years. There is the same vacancy and the population has increased a lot. You know, now the jobs are the same.  Now people from poor families are trying to compete in jobs. The children of poor families are currently at a disadvantage, they are not that much advantaged but still their numbers are so high, you can see that the girl of a porter has become the son of an auto rickshaw driver.  If the news of becoming IPS or something like this has come, now there are so many lakhs of policemen that even if a few of their children become theirs, so many lakhs of auto rickshaw pullers will become theirs, then the stories of those belonging to the middle class are not being made, now they will not be able to cry.  Because this is the progress of the country, but the problem was facing the middle class, now they are not progressing because they had extrapolated that if the father was at the same level 70-80 years from now, then the child will be at the C level now.  When the child came to C, he became a father, then the child went to B, now the B person went to the same place, the A person came to B again, now there is nothing above A, he is in the middle class and by the way, I have become a tycoon. Becoming a hero, becoming a star, that's your story, but now the children, it does n't feel good to take it from their father, now someone's father is a film star, he is a strong one, Jain was such an example of a very strong person and if the child's pictures are not becoming a hit.  The child will remain from there only, now Sunny Gavaskar ji is his child, so not so many matches, what to do now, I have to look at the box, now what is the middle class crying, is reservation okay, the government is asking.  Now the same middle class children are not getting employment. Some children are ready to go to foreign countries and do lower class work there because if you do it here in India, you will be billed as losers. You also do this work because you are a father.  Father is working. Yes, if he was working, then if the child is doing this by going to a foreign country, then he can tell these stories because no one is checking the kinship and all the students of this doing brother-in-law history. They are only chip labor, this is our foreign country and they take great pride that they do not take any expenses from us, they are leaders, they are doing the work here too, there is no expense here too, but India is on priority in late purchasing, such people do not have an arrow in the pumpkin.  Similarly, there is so much housing crisis going on in Canada, we are stuck on this political thing going on, we saw the housing crisis there, Canadians don't even have a house, they have it in the basement.  Children are living here, there is happiness and music class here, there is no sunshine there, it is so cold, mother lives in the basement and there you have to see also 400, 400 dollars, 500 dollars, you have to accept, a child of lower class when 40  If he gets a job for a year, then kudos to his father because his father's earning is 15-203025, the child is doing it from the beginning and is an officer in the middle class. Take it from the government or take it as it is, his father's salary in corporate is 2.5 lakhs, 2 lakhs, 3 lakhs, his child is starting at 40, starting at 35, starting at 30, then he is an Exide, isn't he?  And the child is also not exhausted, isn't mom?  If you have reached lakhs in 30 years, then you are starting now, so brother, you will start with this much, it is very important to start, but middle class is not able to digest this because that child is roaming around with a phone, iPhone worth 8000090000 dead lakhs, now his  Salary is 14 of the date Price of D The phone in his hand Video He is wearing Papa's expensive T-shirt Now he does not understand that this and  What is happening in many cases is that in practice, if a middle class child is losing his job in some other city, then it may be a child from a lower class, if he earns a salary of 35-40 thousand in another city, then he will go to one such child.  There will be a system where there will be a camera on rent for five rupees 6000, which will be in a busy place, the food will also be eaten as per their choice, the clothes they will wear will also be worn by the child, but here, those who are the children of senior officers are a little middle class.  There is an attitude that if he can't stay, then what will happen if his saree worth Rs. 40 thousand will be ruined and he will also ask for Rs. 10000 from home that I have to spend more, this is a fact, he will stay even if the condition is very good and only one camera is installed.  That camera will also cost Rs 14-15000, his system for minimum food will be like this, then his girlfriend's boyfriend's system will be like this, then he will have the system for buying a car and his clothes.  The system will end, the mobile will end, then the attitude in you, if there is no savings of ₹ 1 and frustration, then that father again asks how to get married, now he is a boy, if there is not even ₹ 1 left as a child, even in 40-50, there is no ₹ 1 left in the bank, then who will marry?  Girls will come today, keep it like this, these sarees themselves earn 35-40 thousand, they want all 2.5 lakh 2 lakh boys, they are like this fencing park, fencing plant, this kind of boy gets first  When all the boys have gone, even the Azhar girls are not getting married because this is the story of the middle class, neither what they say nor about the numbers, they say in their mind what are the good numbers, what is the good thing. Like bringing 70% at some time, very good, sometimes 80 BCM, very good, give 90, then 95, then we have reached 100, now even that 100 has taken on meaning, the number is roaming around in public money.  If there is no work then middle class has you do a reset no in their aspiration and in reality ki bhaiya competition is a raha hai you bill have you to do things where you have advantage default setting advantage middle class still has lot of advantage over d lower class  But unfortunately the debt advantage middle class is not doing it because maybe Shikha is not telling that middle class is yours.  There is an advantage and the class does not have this, you leverage it and whatever else will happen in the future, otherwise it will turn into ketchup, now can you people become moral science teachers and this Guruji, you are suffering, lower classed Kari, I am suffering.  There is no problem, brother, according to me, there can be a blacksmith class, there can be a rich class, there can be a middle class and I am telling you one thing, I am not getting angry with anyone.  He knows that he is a middle class, he does not need guidance from the lower class, he is ready to work for 16 hours, in the morning there is newspaper left, then he hits the cloth on the car, then he also goes to Zomato and then he drives the car.  Now he is doing six jobs, people don't know, if I tell them that I am no one in Gurgaon and am running Rs 90000, then people will be useful to them, they will believe that we are not getting our engineer here.  ₹ 30000 are working, ₹ 3000 engineers are working and they are needed, but one day this engineer did three lakh jobs by learning such coding for ₹ 30000 and that 90 thousand rupees went for ₹ 90. Will these people also think of writing in the comment area or will I think? Before thinking further, I am telling you that this is not going to happen, this 90 rupees will also go towards dead lakhs, it is going to increase the value of your workers a lot, brother, you are doing this also because it is too much.  Are you doing it or are you coming in the supply? You tell me a simple thing, are there more people coming to do clothes on the car or is it going to be a bad college with an engineering degree whose life you are a faculty, neither is there any engineering friend nor is it running a fan. Know that these engineers are getting more money in the market, think for yourself, it means that the good engineers are roaming around as stand up comedians, it is okay and they keep doing their own comedy, they too are so useless, 11 lakh plus engineers are earning 12 lakhs.  Every year, there is nothing which is not necessary, no such engineering work is being done in India, so it is for you to see, the middle class has to reset its expectations, you have some advantages, if you want, then I am the next one.  In the video, I will tell you that these are your advantages for you and you have to do them for yourself. This is how you can do them. Please spread this video in the society, discuss it with people and the video will force you to introspect yourself.  of Yes friend, this one is correct