Hello friends, there has been a very good reaction on the channel, thanks to all of you, I have started the channel with a purpose, that purpose is being met and I am on my track, today we will talk about nationalism, this is fine.  Fear and other think of overdose of nationalism. By doing this some concept is formed. We will talk about nationalism which is the environment of ours. I would like to talk to you people under some examples. Request is to participate. Through the comment area and tell us about nationalism, this is a good emotion, love is okay but this fear is called anything, you can call it match of love, it can be something or you can match of nationalism or brother-in-law, this is what we call this. Sensitization of any one emotion, having so much of it, having it so much, having it so much that that emotion is not a pun, this is of Amitabh ji from many years ago, I had seen the interview of Amitabh ji, Jim had said that in the movies, he is so much  We have done the science of father's reaction, mother's reaction and have found out the emotions that when it happened in reality, it was a very very doubtful and careful emotion, how would it be because of these actors, all these people who have been watching their movies for so many years, so this is a real fact.  Have you thought so much about anything, because the game of anything is only of hormones, that is dopamine, call it Serato, now I am not going to know biology and life in it, but you know this. Whatever happens, even if it is excitement, I should not run away from it now that I have said a few words with nationalism, but just like a person feels one in the evening and relaxes and blossoms, but for many days, if the father is a relief, then  You will not get that problem from one person because nationalism is also a problem for some people. Talk about it, talk about it for a few days, do it once a week, then tweet it, then give him a WhatsApp message along with the tweet, then forward it, then do Chandan Chilli, and then send it to someone.  to one of his  There is a level to all these things, like they say many times, no it can't be a match of love, no matter how much should be done, this is the fear of limiting it, because if nationalism is so much, then brother who suppresses all the taxes.  Don't stop even at 30-40%, say 80% of the cat's clothes, we don't talk about that, pressing buttons with hands on social media and doing chillam-chilli or even doing some actual thing or what should I do?  It is like this, you tell me whether it is right or wrong, in our country it is a different thing in comparison to other countries, in our country anger and frustration are on the default setting, I am a marital counselor, I am also involved in war at different levels, sexual frustration, Merkel.  Frustration: The frustration of earning money has become too much. When a person travels on the road, it is not that he gets angry because of the car that collides with him or if he gets scratched a little.  It is like if I put a glass of water in it, then let me give you an example, I was drinking water as soon as it is a class, now this class is not the whole of India, there is only so much water in it, so if I pour some more water in it, it will be filled till here.  Many of us Indians are wandering at this level, till now India has become this, it is not our place, it is not our place, now if anyone of ours puts anything on it, then there is a lot of frustration, so we cannot pamper ourselves by asking for anything. Someone like this  Can't give a recent take, recently I am laughing, there is an MP who is a cricketer, you have to write who is that MP and cricketer, the fans of another cricketer were making fun of him by taking his name and the same show it is I too am feeling a little shy in showing the middle finger like this, okay and he did not know it, okay, that is on the entire record and the voice is being heard, when he was asked why did he do this, then he has to go and say that. Pakistan is mine  He was saying, meaning, this is the last excuse of a scoundrel, I would like to say that this is not their example, it is not just them, it is speaking to everyone, when everything is argument less, caste is there, then the address of the soldier who is standing on the border, but  The one who is standing at the border is the one who is sharing his opinion. He can also share his opinion. I will give him two to five for calling him nonsense.  I am waiting for the day, I have got a review on another channel, it is okay and I will review it in detail, it was a village murder, I came after watching the movie, no one has the courage, let's go ahead, Kajariya is a normal brand, it seems to be a tile. I saw his ad in the movie during Holi on TV, Ranveer Singh also came and this one also came, what is the name of our Akshay Kumar, earlier he used to sell tiles and the other brands were the girls, it is okay to show that also they are clearly showing-  By doing this neat and smooth and But now flavor of D'Math is low, air is low or time is low, this is nationalism, they are firing guns in it, driving on the streets, they are doing something like that and then they have linked it, both of them have become soldiers and they are using it.  I linked up and then I went to the tile, it has nothing to do with it, it has nothing to do with it, it is so expensive, so expensive and smooth, smooth tile, I don't know where it is found, it has nothing to do with it, you also talk about your tension, about the quality. talk something to him and do something to make him feel like this That ad also linked up with it, like earlier it was done to women, any society had come to sell something, there was a girl of A caste, I do n't know, swimming in it means there is no match between a girl in swimming costume and cement.  It was a ridiculous paint, but time had come to him, so now he is taking it to this level, it is big to open one's mouth in everything, yes, it is big, it is decent, you understand that it is necessary to enter something into everything.  Not many people Brother, if she bothers about any name, then what is wrong with her is that I should not live in my co-worker's house, she has an agenda to stay there or she bothers with her daughter-in-law too, so I can give you an example. I have to understand that to show money behavior, to show narcissism, one must be inquiring about something. When you are in the office, then in the office, inquiring is a caste. The lodge of the organization is on gold.  Very good of the organization and this is the caste that listens to English. He will always speak like this only. He is not asking me to make him private. Do it like this. So do everything. This is the catch caste. People are fine like this. Now that is what it is, isn't it? I will say for a few days, I, I, I will tell my story because after one stage there is a little pain, Gadar, you know that this is a useless picture, oh you are this one, which one is their party, this is the other one, you after.  This is telebrandu, now I said this one, which one is this Jawan, this also happens, now this is from someone else's group, so called, people feel like this, although Shahrukh has come, he has a very high opinion of us, next day, very high.  I will make a separate video for that too sometime, it's okay, but since I made that date, I have to say that you are a devotee, I am telling this to my audience like this, you also learn my words carefully. Look, hey brother, listen, don't hack every person so small that if his agenda means yours, mostly our thinking has been made such that we are common people, we are below and these ABCs are different from the platform.  If you talk about something like hockey in the party today, then maths follows, sometimes you do it with A, sometimes you do it with B. You learn it because you think that the next person who will be there, brother, will be one of them.  This is the platform brother. Why can't you become the Prime Minister? Now you will remain happy. Why is a tea person able to become the Prime Minister? A stand up comedian can become a minister. Someone of spiritual yogi type can become a minister. Someone with a story can become anything. A stand up comedian of Ukraine can become the President.  The fight is ready, I am caressing anything, anything can happen with Rasiya, who knows, I am sitting with this big [ __ ] like a young picture, do you know, do you know that you, your face, are going to you here with my hands.  I am not looking young, if my sister is not looking, then how do you know whose agenda is yours? Why are you making YouTube younger? Why can't I become HRD minister tomorrow? The number is only a sign. Now see this picture. Whoever sees the young etc.  There must be some technology. Do you think that what will happen next? Will the rally triumph in the sun, will the tents be put up, will everyone go to the village in tractors? That India will end in 10-12 years.  If you want to become one then look at me with respect and respect yourself too. Don't put an agenda. The agenda should be of my own making. How do people become like this? How can one become a minister who listens to me? You are my home minister and I am the prime minister. Second and third, the one who is clapping for me is the Finance Minister i.e. Devra Palmer. Many people have not elected such a university. Brother, luck has the power to open up to anyone at any time. This is what I have to say.  I am not targeting them. Whatever happens to you, understand that any story can reach at any time, I don't know anything about technology, so these ads which are coming like this, there is nationalism in everything, ask them, you put nationalism then  When you speak saffron in your tongue, your nationalism is reduced. You are not ashamed of it, it means that you are taking the youth towards cancer, it means that Ajay Devgan looks a bit similar to Shahrukh who reduces all this.  I put so much of myself into it  By falling forward, this super super duper star King Khan has done this, he has collected saffron, third, Akshay Kumar has come, in this one, Akshay Kumar is doing his ad, where are you going, he has a problem, that ad was good only yesterday.  I am fine recently, it is the problem of menstruation, do you know how much the cigarette is, if the cigarette is worth ₹ 10, then how much is ₹ 20, do you know, it has life back power, it is a very good message, and this is this Hero Giri.  This is not in drinking, dear, very nice and very nice Hero Giri, when it is not in it, then it is worse than this, you smoke gutkha, then you treat your lens like this, you yourself die because today is the day of money, cigarette smoking, no late.  No, everyone runs away because he has also become addicted to smoking and has no knowledge of spitting gutka in a public place. Any official who walks in it has painted it with all the colors and you know him.  You are doing it, you don't know that that marketing is of that kind, that brand is in the middle, everyone knows what is the calculation, but there is no nationalism in it, but if you catch the movie of his, then catch the nationalism of Ajay Devgan. Now watch Shahrukh's offshoot, Pathan and Catch this one too, Akshay Kumar is a declared nationalist, first there was Canada, now again ahead of Canada, I have done it like this, by the way, why brother, why are you doing this, leave this nationalism, hold on to some social responsibility, your toilet is good, it is a love story very much.  Excellent That padman of yours was also very good, if it is good, then its good will be appreciated, but how does it become such a monetary consonant by doing good, should I also create, I also know that I get paid for saying something, I also have three tax channels.  He is not the only one, others are not subscribing, do it, I also know that there is late marketing, people say, but sometimes you have to see such creators, promote yourself. Take someone whose quality you know about, instead of taking someone else's name like this and they do n't understand that they have wives, they are also intelligent, they also have children, they do n't tell anything, why should you promote yourself, this is nationalism.  Its hypocrisy is very much, very much, the real nationalist is the other nationalist, as if you have taken them under contract, it is like that only you love father and mother, the other brother does not love me, because you love me from morning to evening.  You shout 'Jail to mother', 'Jail to father', what else do you do, you cannot give tea to mother, now you can only talk, how did you say that you are my mother, do this to someone, that means this.  Mantra Bhakti Picture Bhakti hogi Mantra Bhakti Picture Bhakti Bhaiya, it is not a one day thing, daily organization is a daily thought process. Did you think in the big part of the country, this basic of national puts country in everything, it is not necessary to put country in everything.  like in everything  Just as there is no need to include religion in everything, just as there is no need to include gender in everything, just as there is no need to include caste community in everything, just as there is no need to include anything in everything, even different vegetables have been distributed. You have turned nationalism into salt.  Diya and salt are also needed but you know when its mantra is too much then there is something wrong with that too. Salt is a natural ingredient in most of the D vegetables. If sweet dish is not being made, if sweets are not being made then salt is needed like.  there is sugar and there is salt  These are the two basic ingredients of anything, so you people have to see that in the coming times, you will see this nationalism happening a lot and we have to control this thing a little now that we are also here, otherwise we would shout. This does not mean that there is no love, some love their wife, some love children, some feel a little roasted, they are giving flowers by shouting, I love you, I love you, I love you, if something new is new then understand.  he comes  The boyfriend is understandable for a few days but it is not sustainable, he has been living a constant life for a long time, he has been living for 60 years, there is love with your wife, the marriage is not broken, there is love, then this is how nation and nationalism are, brother, our mantra is land, it is our country.  Love is on the default setting. Is it necessary to show the meaning of it? But who will give permission to take this test? You were interested. Question answer: Neither speak nor think. Okay and okay my brother.  Live with sisters, live in nearby society, what will change, elections are a little pragmatic