Hello friends, today we will discuss a little important topic India, if you are feeling it and after G20 you will feel that friend, what happened just now, a very good buyer had typed, the wedding party, what they had gone, what they had eaten and drank, they were very happy, then this is like this.  What has happened, why is it happening, what is happening, is it only Canada playing in this or is there any yes, Western also, what is happening and if we look at it historically, let us discuss it a bit. The discussion is that India is playing this. Finding its fit in this world and asserting its position in this world, and brother Mirchi is singing, it happens in families also, some people have a very bad habit, keep listening to it, keep listening to it, keep it in good human being, do not value it much. Or is it that there is such a boy in the family that everyone loves him by making him miss him or nothing else, then many times we have to play with him in childhood, yours is raw, today we have to play with spice, raw and pure, so many children.  If it was raw then it is raw in many such countries. Yes friend, it is for their big stage. No, India's was good for many years but now it is not India's sure. Rakhi is there. I hope you understand this raw and sure, simple language to understand.  I am telling you the example as I understand that such big premises are not a topic, no one is taking up because they seem like premises but I am trying to explain in a simple way, so brother, Mirchi is singing now, what is wrong in this, what is the explanation?  Book  What is happening now is that the dispensation is a domineering dispensation, so now it is being said in the world that these people are great, this is how they also opened their mouths in Ukraine and said that if they do something then they will take oil from Russia.  Over here, they are not under control. Over there, they are not under control. We were trying to control it by doing something to China so that these paklu remain as ours. We are making them by taxing them and that one.  flower good factor  India is going to a leadership position, it is not possible that the western people will ever sing our praises, but we are the small countries of the African world and in Asia, because we never have the style, they have so much pride. Manch, when they were people of extremist type of organization, they also had the most faith in India, they also said that India should send its ship and take out its people and take them to the whole world. We requested us to give CAT to our people too, so much so.  goodwill  This is because she never harbored any such wrong thing or sentiment from within. You know how China deals with things. Give her the ones that looked like Seth Lee's in the past, or I will grab your land and your interest.  I will give you pulses and give a loan, how can you do that? Well, it does not belong to anyone. The westerners have some hypocrisy of their own. It is a relief that India is emerging like the hero of the old movies. It is okay that we are brothers because they identify us. Isn't it, he was one of us, now he is becoming a bit of a leader, so he is getting angry, now such citizens, what can we do because the video is not just about creating a situation of doing Wi-Bhai, it is about making the city center  What to do inside the house, different from our domestic politics, some different songs are being played in it, okay, do this, do it, that is the beauty of our country, yes, those songs will be played, but one thing, this is to be seen for the first time in so many years.  ours which  The system which is external is whether the external affair of the relationship comes within the ministry or whether it is about external affair itself, it has become assertive for the first time and now even Jaishankar ji says that you tell me, I will call him a technocrat, he is fine, I mean butt and I mean he.  I mean a politician, I don't mean a politician who has been contesting elections for 40 years, but I enjoy it, I don't enjoy it, I don't like four-five other departments, I have become worthy of someone else, I have given advice.  It is said that it is raw, when a small child plays, he feels that he is playing with big players, I will also get involved, not me, you are not involved, brother, that is what I have seen many children fooling their parents, first video games.  It used to be that the motorcycle is moving like this and it is on the screen and the game will run only by inserting the coin and the coin has not been inserted and it is caressing the child, it is doing like this, it is doing like this  The motorcycle is going like this because the game is not on brother-in-law, this is no connection, connection is live only when life is connected, when money is involved, they can't fool the elder child, he doesn't even know what they fool the younger one, so when you make him  After crossing the stage, you came to know that you cannot be fooled, you know because India is playing it extremely smartly and take us further intellectually, look ahead, one, I am this channel, the name is this channel, I am saying this again and again, six. People have risen above the bread and butter house, in their thinking and actually in life. For those who have not got a job yet, they are concerned about money, they will not be able to understand these things and I am saying this with great humility and attitude. No, I am not saying that many channels have made it, I am fine, I also make different ones because brother, don't come here, all those A's are there, there are no A's here, there are no A's here, do it like this, brother, no, you should have money.  You must have a job and your food and clothing.  There should be a shortcut to the house to talk about all these things, I don't have the right to do these things before this, so I am also telling you that I am not expecting 10 lakh subscribers or 50 lakh subscribers in this channel, I am making six but many more.  People write something like this further, I have seen in the comment area like this, Bhaiya is not for you people and you are on Youth Pay on Clarity which is my job there, there are talks about jobs on Singular State which are on you many and channels on Pay which are here.  But what is being said is to understand that there is definitely something wrong with our country as discussed over tea, why do they say that if you do something negative in your big then understand that progress is progress, something is happening now, in that domestic situation, we would have done that.  Hey, I have not got a job. There is something which is happening very well on the global stage. All of them from G-20 are not just America, only China and other people have also brought many good friendships. Middle East likes it. India is to Africa  India is a good country, it is not just this rich country, there are 200 countries, so there is something wrong that you are doing right which is being surrounded by us, but we have to see such countries in the future because that video will be made separately on this too.  For those who are thinking of settling outside, like you saw in Canada, if the relief fails, then bill has you take a call because in the coming time people of these countries will join us or can take over their government.  For this, there is no one better than our country from India, I want to earn money in Jain Bhagan, take photos, see colors, eat food, have fun and the money to do all this is also useful but I am based in my country, have a passport of my country. Debt of the country, list it, advise me, I will do that also to prove it, many people, no, not mine, here it is like this, here the infrastructure is like this, I will also do that thing and here there is corruption, I do not have the opportunity.  This is not that, not all that. Take the opportunity. Have fun. Do India and some of India's exports and imports? Money cannot be earned by coming and going. It is important to be cautious because when those clouds change, you sir have invested it in the country.  The money is like that and then those clouds are like that. You do n't know how the world will run in the next 20, 30, 40 years. If this is the dated and century of India, which is happening now, then there may be some strength because that is ours.  Bhavai, I always have doubt relief that I don't know why the political knowledgeable person is acting like this, it is nothing like this, but brother, when something starts happening outside, when your neighbors start teasing you and start doing it themselves, then something has changed in your behavior.  If yes, then it is a matter of happiness, it is not a matter of concern, it is leadership that is capable to be seen and done and here we have to observe all this instead of the middle class center-literals who have completely risen from the bread and butter house. This is in danger of being observed in the domestic setting, that has happened, we will make it there, we will do it like this, look outside what is happening in your own countries, talk to those who are your NRIs, your relatives and friends, what is the opinion of India because of my our What else do we know in our elders, what is being thought, what is being said, what is being said, what is being written, please find out that, please do not leave the country by raising your mouth so soon and putting it in Jain kinship.  Jain  Travel around, earn money, export, import, do business, earn money, we may be different countries but we do n't know who has friendship with whom. It seems that America is a bigger friend than us, we have to buy goods from it, we do this but forget about Canada.  Now his politics is also there in it, if he is going to speak then that means story or story, something or the other is happening, now he is Trump's friend, he is friend of legislation, science speaks like this, this one says everything like this, that is the meaning. What day are the brinjal people of Pedi?  There are lots of people without pedi, they will enter the left anytime, they will benefit everyone, but India is playing smartly for the first time. International Relations is playing smartly. If not for the first time, then what was there before? Everywhere the meaning of no was heard and told that  You bill do this, okay, they go there and stand silently like this, okay okay, you are also here, let's go, now there is a difference in that thing too, now it means efforts are being made to India from every side, but that is dense.  say that if you  Give interest in this way along with other countries that brother, you will become his friend but if he shows too much friendship then you will suffer these losses. This is the promise of India's certainty, it is very praiseworthy and what happens in many things.  We keep on whining about the daily news, it is bad today, this is how the government should be, something good is happening, we should enjoy it too and here in politics, I had made this in a video earlier too and  I had given a hint, now I am giving a hint again, I see a lot of change happening in politics, some things for the first time in India, in the next video, I will give you a little comment in the comment area, if it is yes or not, then I will tell that in 2024.  What is going to happen in India and where do I see Indian politics and this Indian system is going and only the public will do it and this is the B of awareness and the feeling that this boy has gone, is still in the minds of the people here.  To discuss this openly, I need a little bit from you guys that one more song goes like that singer Rockstar song's rota once more, then I will tell you right away, there was a little bit in the previous one also, let's say this one.  I am also staying in the next one, whenever it comes, I will tell you openly that brother, this is going to happen in India, you tell me how the system came into it, then don't say it to me again, do n't say it to me again, you are his, you are his, till now I am not there. don't paint this or that  Pay anyone because my party affiliation is changing on every video of mine, so I am happy that till now I am not sticking with one party, you hate this, now after watching one of my videos, you will say that I am this one after watching my six.  Ca n't tell, okay, so this thing is very good, wherever a talented person goes, he has to leave his mark, this is a big learning, unfortunately, they are different in different departments.  It is not possible to see across, that is also because of the meaning, where the capable man has been put, that camellia is seen in him, in the department, in the ministry, in the thing, and the meaning is visible only because of the opposition, Shashi Tharoor ji is there because of this also.  Among them and those who have also had exposure outside, like those who are intellectual type people, they genuinely appreciate across party lines and many of these stands are appreciated.  When it is being done, many a times when it is done right, then they go to do that among themselves, we should all gather here and stand here saying that brother, we all are here on this point, there should not be child level bravado in it, how do we do it?  Yes, by the way, there is a little level of discussion in it, but the country discusses it. Foreigners monitor their news channels, their people, their level of discussion is good, this is what is going on, all the people started understanding such a good thing, oh my God, this is ours.  Have you understood this level of our country, we have to increase the debate, this is what the news channel people have done, especially now I will speak in Hindi and English, the English will be more intellectual, it comes very well, today he taught him a lesson, we taught him a lesson now.  Lower your eyes, now do this, friend, what a beautiful story this is and what is the meaning of this and what is this old thing they say at the railway station, I used to sell it not only in magazines but it has been many years for me.  At any time at the railway station, if someone wanted to buy something else at the book shop, it used to be India Today, one person would be given front line, one person would be given the same saree and the rest would be like this, meaning such gossip, Gandhi means nonsense, you mean the retirement of a pure soul.  Do it, read it, you are debating at this level, do n't debate at this level, just to show that everything is nonsense, then your agenda is to grow the party, why are you declaring them idiots? Now, like this work is of such high level, intellectual level, India is doing so well, it is so subtle, there should be a good debate on it by intellectuals who should praise, now this is fine food, it is fine dining type, quality is needed to appreciate it.  Now how can he appreciate the quality of a person if it is not his quality? Do you need it from the mind also? Is it that he is only good at the lowest level? It is not a political person who talks like this. He can't do it, he needs the vote of the lower one too, he needs everyone's vote, the idiot also needs the vote of the blind devotee too, his check also votes, so every vote counts, neither can he do it like this many times, but I am an athlete, now I am a creator.  I am a private person, the day after tomorrow, I can do it, brother, I don't want such people. Okay, tell me now, you come, you do something like this, okay, raise your level a little and there is nothing to be shy about.  The place will be like this on first air, 2 air, 3 air sleep, class will be general, all are there, there is such a phone in it, that means second one is one, the first one has become a scoundrel, has become dirty, general bogie is good, everyone is doing their different cutters.  There are different types of restaurants for everyone, there are different types of hotels, five star or three star, so not every person can cater for everything, so I have been saying again and again that whatever little bit of enjoyment is there,  take as  I enjoy the content and let's see this, man, this thing is good, after taking out one etc., I made it like this, Italy on the chest, and then next next this, this is something, what did they do in Ukraine, this report card type, we have to discuss Ukraine, Russia.  How did the country deal with this? How did we send the message of consensus to all the people? How did it happen? How are they managing China? How are they managing Russia too? How are they not leaving their hands on Ukraine too?  The declining Middle East has also been taken along with Pakistan, so there too there is that chilling feeling that man, these are our brothers, they keep hugging each other, why do they meet each other, what is it, they have done a good job there also.  And the people of Africa are also entering into it. We are also doing it with the countries of South America and telling everyone that brother, there is no need to be afraid of us, our nature is not bad, we are the oldest civilization, we are the ones with the best culture.  Win  If we do this in the situation, then this thing is happening, this thing should be caught and unfortunately, the running dispensation of the ruling party is also not debating it because they do not have the reason to know that if this topic comes up then there will be so much famine.  If you do n't have it then you will be asked for votes. It doesn't matter what is your merit list in the class, the strength of your visa and passport, which country you come from, what is your background, many things matter.  Tomorrow is going to be a global world type, work has to be done, business has to be done here and there, where are you doing from, what are you doing, it will have to be monitored and data will have to be collected, you cannot do this like they are all experts on Indian cricket but batsman. When you go to the pitch in a foreign country, you get hit by the bouncer, so brother, you cannot say that I will follow the domestic system only. Hey brother, if you want to play matches outside also, then the player is very good.  The bouncer is playing and a great match is going on. The bouncer also has to be monitored. You are on this P. Domestic clipping of sixes is happening, fights are taking place over this, so concentrate on friend players also world, you have in D.  The team which is hitting sixes on your flute because that is also very important. If every friend is important then something good happening unfortunately or brief to their spokesperson.  It is not there or the public does not consume it or so much intelligence is great and good. It is very important to appreciate it. So please like and share. If you have not subscribed to the channel then subscribe. Old videos which you liked are being shown. Tell me which one.  Did you like that tax video of mine, it is doing very well brother, if you have not seen Tax Don't Dr in India then definitely watch some videos. In the future also you will get to see and listen to many game changing videos, you will enjoy this, what society needs you.  No more discus so I hope you are enjoying the channel thank you very match