Hello friends, it is going to be a very interesting and good topic. The current topic is going to be political and social. Another small note from respected Nirmala Sitharaman ji on one of her commentary or whatever she has said in a discussion. Beyond that, the discussion has started.  And what is that statement, I will tell you, it is spread on the link, what has respected Nirmala ji said this time, this time because every time he speaks, there is something like this, so what did he say this time?  She has spoken on behalf of Petria, I hope you people understand that where is Petria, where is Petria, where does it stop women, there is no problem, and actually, she speaks a lot like that, isn't she, I am not this.  Saying that whatever happens, it can be 100% right, it can have any color, but do not leave any scope and there is a lot of scope in this, he said, what is it that women can do?  Even if Petki can do anything, nothing stops him and he never stopped in India And I want to tell that Indira Gandhi I will start with Indira Gandhi Did Petki Stop Indira Gandhi Extreme Wrong Example Extreme Wrong Example In two-three ways, she did two-  Three names have been taken, okay so Indira Gandhi ji was taken first, did Petki stop Indira Gandhi and Sarojini Naidu was here?  There was never a Petak who could do whatever he wanted, Indira Gandhi ji, so ask me, BJP people keep doing nepotism, so if Indira Gandhi ji has to speak like this, then brother, should Indira Gandhi ji eat nepotism if she is the Prime Minister?  Had she not had a daughter, would she have been able to achieve what she achieved? It was commendable. There is no doubt about it. She was a very strong leader. Many things were good. But I have a question whether she would have.  If Jawaharlal Nehru had not had a daughter, would she have been able to do all that? And the second answer to my question is: If Jawaharlal Nehru ji had a son, would Indira Gandhi ji have been able to do it? What ever you came from a position of privilege out of?  There was also an out of cast marriage, so at that time, if we assume that Indira ji did an out of cast marriage, then it means that there was no out of cast marriage in India at that time.  If I could have done then what could I have done today, try this shows a lack of understanding from the truth, such powerful leaders are inside so many top CCS, Finance Minister, India, India, India, One India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, India, how many India, India, India,  I do n't know how many there are, it's again like I don't eat onions, onions have become expensive, then what's the matter? Tomatoes have become so expensive last month, so I don't eat tomatoes too.  This is in relation to a lot of issues on ground. Government's 'Beti Bachao Beti Padhao' (Beti Bachao Beti Padhao) went on in Haryana also. We had heard 'Beti Bachao Beti Padhao' (Beti Bachao Beti Padhao). Then today there are so many unemployed educated women in India. Why are they there? Otherwise, what should the government do?  Not everything, government has to discuss, don't start such dialogues, this is Smriti Irani ji equivalent of saying that there are no issues in menstrual cycle, I am a lady, as a lady I am  Selling you, those men are raising the issue. First of all, no woman, no matter how big a leader she is, ca n't speak for all women like when Smriti Rani ji spoke, there was so much controversy. I had made a video at that time and it became very popular.  That many ladies have a lot of issues on menstrual cycle, don't they all have them? Not everyone has them, not everyone has all the periods, not everyone is like everyone, they all have butts, this is the sensitivity that is missing and when a big leader, a woman leader, the government  of When leaders and ministers come and speak like this, it is a very unfortunate thing and it is unfortunate for all the women and women should come forward and speak in this regard. This approach is a cure all approach, it is not right because the government is becoming helpless.  This is because it has been more than 10 years and the 11th year is going on, so now if there is something wrong inside the country, then it will be on them again, otherwise they will say that there is nothing, ladies inside ISRO. And I am saying that there are lady girls fighter pilots everywhere in the Air Force, but it is a system, isn't it? If the population of 50 is at 1 or at 2, then you cannot say to them that you can always mention the names of five such people.  By taking the name of Rani of Jhansi, we cannot say that all the women are born with so much courage and they get a chance to show it, there is no meaning in such names like Indira Gandhi ji Sarojini Naidu or two or four such names.  And if you take that then the fleet of all women in India will cross. This is a very wrong way. It is something like saying that what is the need for reservation, what was the need for it because B.R. Ambedkar was at that time when Dalits were separated from the society.  If BR Ambedkar could have gone so far, then did everything go well? Some people from every society, from every gender, because of their struggle, because of family support, because of immediate family support, because of luck, go somewhere. So this is not becoming the norm, even today I would like to say this and I would like to speak very clearly and there is no much fun in this, it is a matter of great pain to speak. Even today, look at whatever women are achieving in life, the owners of top companies.  If someone is there or is on a top position, then there is something in him or in politics, then I will take an example and tell him that he is either a father's daughter or a husband's wife, she has got some status or  Does anyone have a sister or a godfather? Look in politics, first of all, there was any lady in politics, starting from Indira Gandhiji, then there is anyone in politics who has become the Chief Minister of all our ministers, except one, her name.  I will tell you about those who did not have any other wise. You see, Mayawati ji also had a lot of support. You know her. Okay, before that, there was support from Kanshi Ram ji. You know, Jayalalitha ji also had support.  An example is Mamata Banerjee, who is Judge Amarj. Okay, otherwise you look at any politician, even today you look at most of the Members of Parliament, in some way or the other, they are someone's daughter, someone's wife, someone's sister and you. Whatever position someone holds at the top level is also tokenism and show piece type and if in the rarest of rare case you will throw out five 10 names then it will be suitable for a woman.  Is n't it true that they have struggled a lot, they have spent three times the life of an average equivalent man to reach there, they have not reached there like this, there is no example, even today women are forced to do very routine work.  Goes where men don't feel like going like PRT teachers A for apple B for ball karke unko sikhao na walon ko or Monday in receptionist jobs where pe Hello good morning sir I am  Like what can I do means where the maximum of women is for such jobs only, wherever their mind is, like if a woman is standing in a civil engineer, then she will look like this, what is this cap, this pan, cape, is she standing here, if in an assembly line.  Where cars are being made, a woman will look like this while looking at you, that is, you do not see her in civil engineering, it is from Petya, brother, how can you say this, no, it is not accepted and in government jobs. Also, I want to tell you that those women who are in government jobs will tell me that there are a lot of prejudices there also, there is a default setting on those whose wives do not work and no one will say that as a boss, otherwise we cannot call everyone like this, yes, not everyone is there 80  There are a lot of such people at 90, maybe not at 20, but this is very much going on, look at government jobs, even look at private jobs, every man's own wife is working somewhere. His sensitivity is still there because his wife also goes to work somewhere, someone has her sensitivities, but even today, if you look at the total, the workforce participation of women is very low and that of married ladies is even less if married.  If the number of ladies is less then the percentage of men whose wives are working will be even less if 100 women are not married and their age is below 30.  And she is doing 20 jobs. Okay, so the one who is married is not doing even 8 or 5 jobs and the average is the same. Now they take out 19 20 and give it to the lower class maid level laborer level of this class.  The percentage is very high. If we take a break down of all the jobs done by women, if 100 women are working in India, then as they say, there are not even 10 jobs with pedigree. Either you will get exactly the same kind of maid jobs, it is okay, exactly the same jobs as the sister in school who sits in the bus, very low, those Mandan jobs or above that, they will come again, come on teachers, that too with small children.  Then everything is settled like this or everywhere like in real estate, sir, you will buy this, you will buy this, if someone says yes by mistake and asks a question, yes also tell me how sir, my sir will tell, sir, my sir will tell this, this is for calling.  The girls are kept, this is what is happening and this is their stomach that they are not allowed to come up, I talk to them many times when they are training with me, when I go somewhere to tell them, I say, is that your sir, is he from IIT?  Came out to tell the real estate expert, how much is this carpet area, how many acres is it, is there a payment plan, to tell you there are five 10 things, Sir will tell you that you are not even taught this much and she is happy with that 20 30-40000 because if she learns a little more, then she will have to pay 1 lakh, then it becomes that Monday in job, not 100 people have to call cold calling, 5 have to show interest, then how can a man do this work? Great, hire a woman for this.  In which I am taking an example and telling because these are the things which I am directly dealing with because this is the sector where I work so 100  Cold calling is a very very important thing for every person. Sorry, sorry, disconnected. Why are you disturbing? It's a truth, it is a useless job, it is more useless than cold calling. I don't think there is any job in the world to pick up someone today.  Just call like this, I do n't know what the next person says, I say many times, children, why are you doing this work, because if you ask two questions, sir will tell you, you do n't have it, that's why your salary is 203 Hajj, this is very very very within the society.  It is important that we discuss about the whitewashing that we have done to women and there is a lot of Patria just because girls go to two or five places and celebrate what they say is a glass ceiling or a wall and go somewhere else.  Can't do it, today in India first woman to do this is going on, in 2024 you will still see first woman to do reach this head, do this  Do this, this is still going on, what a big deal it is, friend, how many years have passed since the country became independent, now if someone does it in the first place then what is such a big deal, what is she supposed to do, is there an arrow in the pumpkin like this, but the women have come.  If he speaks like this even at the level of Finance Minister then I feel that Finance Minister should speak more on Finance because every time before this he had said in Cena's case that we should be strong.  You need to do some meditation, there is no time to sleep at night here, do his meditation in Brahma Purat so that you can take the stress of work, there is no time to sleep here, a video of mine on meditation is pending for a long time, you can watch it on that also.  If you want, I will make it, but how did you like this one? We have to be very very sensitive to the requirements of the female workforce. Mandwa, you can do it brother, you do it like this, work for six hours, we will pay your salary accordingly, they too are happy, everywhere they have to prove, they have to prove, the most sadistic pleasure is working, they take every woman in hope.  She does n't take a break, she sleeps, or takes a cigarette break, or takes a tea break, or a gossip, keeps working silently, when she wants to go on time, then the whole universe, all these people, come and see, sir, that Neha is gone, sir.  Sir  If it's 6 o'clock, you won't find Neha, Sir, I am present, so this approach has been maintained all over the place and if she is not there, then you have to prove it by going till late night or not, I am no less than anyone, it is going on very badly, it's called let's not only. No, its treatment will be done gradually, but the treatment will be done gradually only when it is acknowledged, you will not come and do it, everyone has equal opportunity, so the playing field is not the same, it is level playing.  The field itself is not the same, it is about the expectations which are forced to be proved. They forgive 100 times of a man's blood because that man can come and sycophant. The biggest one is a male boss, which is more male bosses, if a male boss is there.  A male junior is repeatedly saying hello sir to sycophant, drinking alcohol on Fridays, taking only quick breaks, showing closeness, then no one would say that he is gay.  There is a relationship, no, they don't say so right now, they say, yes, it's okay, I am a friend and I like her, if this female also starts sycophancy, just to let you know, have a nice work environment, I am giving the feeling to the boss or to the boss.  If you understand sycophancy, then what will people start saying? Just see what they will say, what is happening, if you tell me yourself, then these things are there brother, but if you do not explain it to anyone, you get very angry. But these are the things that happen to the girls in the competition and unfortunately, what is it, women are women, sometimes it seems that men are the enemy, so no one comes and says, I am a man, I have come here and am telling some more stories, but if so much. On an important position, if women speak like this, then there will be many people who want to exploit them in this way and if there are, then they will be given an example. Today you tell me if any lady on her menstrual cycle will talk to her boss.  Said that today is my first day, I have a lot of work from home, if I do this then he will get the clipping of Smriti Rani ji, I am a woman as a woman, I am telling and she is speaking on record even today in the Parliament.  You will get his statement, there is absolutely no problem, first of all, all these Narayan Murthy ji, Minister Sahiba people and all these things happen, they do not have to go and bring vegetables, they have a car, a bungalow, everything.  There are 40 people who are working for us and they are personal, so we think that if we can do so much work then why can't these people do this much also because if you remove all the 40 people who are working in your life.  If you are given a good travel option, instead of being chauffeur-driven, you have to wait in line in the metro, you have to go in buses, you have to go in autos, then you will know that you reach a minute before the start of your meeting and you stay there for 10 minutes.  You can also reach late, these people have to reach very early and there is no loss of your time, you sit and give work to people, they get work, if as PM sahib also says, I work for 16 hours, 18 hours and Narayan Murthy ji.  They say, that Ola guy too, do you know what is his condition? Are all these people who speak from such a top position, we work brother, you don't work, you give work, giving work is not work, working is not.  hee  Work is very easy to give work, come so that it does not happen that in the report by this, ate walnuts here, drinking ginger tea, some nice water bottle, all that fragrant environment, live in a QI of 40, live in 30, whether outside  You have kept it at 400, it's okay to stay like this all the time, some doctors' full face, fast power, brother, give it to me, I will work for 19 hours, give me 19, not 20, I will give it to me, everything.  The system and work will be done absolutely fine, I will go and see and I will not make such statements because I am still connected to the ground, I know what problems are happening now, what happens after 10 years, 11 years of power, that is now known.  I don't go to see what is happening on the ground to see what is actually the problem of the people but here I am a female subscriber who is an athlete and also a male. If you want to write then write in the comment section as a female subscriber.  I will speak, write your pain, things go on the platform, people listen to what things I am telling, you have to hear what are the issues, you look at this English, I will also agree with Nirmala ji on two or three things that friend only  Don't speak English, Pataki, this is a very complicated thing, don't speak it, speak exactly, what is the problem, father doesn't let you, husband doesn't let you, there is something wrong with the boss, there is something wrong with the society, men just say something like this.  Do n't get away by giving, otherwise we don't know what would become of that way, that I agree with one dialogue. They are saying that if it was not of Petya, what would we have become, I may be correct, not even a very great man is becoming like this.  Well, it is not like that, it is not that men are also going to the moon and I don't know, they said that they will go to Mars, they also took an example, but the way of speaking is very insensitive, only to show sensitivity. Shouldn't you come and say that it is not racism, racism is there even today, no more, look at it, Mandela only became the President of South Africa, he became like this, there is no race, there is always racism, reservation is an issue, Caste  This is an issue, now the upper class man comes and says, brother, there is nothing, caste is nothing, casteism is nothing, casteism is nothing, we have nothing.  If it is not a problem, then how will it be a problem for you, brother, ask someone who has had it, count the names of four of them. Look, it has reached here, it has reached here, if it has reached here, then there is no casteism, why is it not there, brother? Ask anyone who is traveling in a village in Uttar Pradesh, Bihar or in some backward district or backward village. If he comes just because I can't see it, if it doesn't happen, then this is a very foolish approach.  Not that you should give your mouth while living, your life is like that, it will feel like this, won't you get up and sit? Last time I went to some meeting of GST, Madam Nirmala ji and there there was talk of Kombu Tor. A very big businessman there had said that my Cream in a bun has a different GST, its age is a product, he asked me how to correct it because the software itself gets shaken and solve this problem, his class had started, he was apologizing later, the video is here.  don't speak  I can't do this, I'm scared of speaking, I don't know what will happen, I can't even speak, friend, the country is free, you are speaking, let us also speak, I feel scared, I feel very scared, I feel very scared, no one is yes, that big, no, no, everyone  Sometimes it seems that man, not so much in dignity, everyone is pleading with folded hands and legs to speak like this, otherwise if this is America, do you know in America how do people speak on social commentary, what language do they use? No one is completely open.  everyone is afraid  They say, America is America, people say to America, yes, America, America, anyone can say anything, be it the President, be it anything, and he has to listen, everyone is a troll there, everyone is a troll, okay, so in our country.  I believe that there is still a lot left to be done, just because of women there has been a sentiment against women, this 498 marriage is a different social issue, that is a different social issue, this is what  Negativity comes against women in this way, it comes in one thing and then it is suffered in another thing also, this should not happen because if something goes wrong there, then hi hi hi hi hi, everyone says it is wrong but  Brother, this is only a negative emotion, we have to make a positive commentary for our daughters, for our sisters or not, we will do it as practically as possible, why won't we do it?  The girl was asking them questions, I want people like us to be called, we will be able to address these questions better, those daughter girls have all their issues, they are seeing it but they just don't know how to articulate that much.  The question and the answer are as simple as the last time it was asked that this much tax is charged. In the share market, the government is the sleeping partner.  You guys have heard that every time, go to any forum, go to any forum, open the meaning of this controversy, just imagine, just imagine, go, anything, it's like it does n't exist, it doesn't exist, say anything, there is no problem, there is no problem, there is no problem, there is nothing.  Not everything is good, everything is good, it doesn't happen, there is struggle everywhere these days and the Finance Minister of the country should be very sensitive about inflation and all these things.  If you like the video then please tell me, share it, like it, discuss the channel on tea, if you want to take membership, then you can write in the comment section. If you are a woman, please listen and if you have a working wife, then you are a man.  Your working daughter is listening so please do share this video so that every time such a narrative is set because she was also talking about narrative in this discussion, every time  The narrative should also be countered. Counter- narrative should also be countered. Just because it should be discussed more and caught, it is absolutely negative that Petki is negative. I also say that it is wrong, but to say that it does not exist is also wrong. Because always the truth will lie somewhere in between and things will happen, the country is free, freedom of speech is within limits, everyone has the right to speak in civilization, keeping the same civility and dignity, please comment.  Please comment in the section. Thank you very much.