Hello friends, we will discuss Normalization of Obsessive Working Hours. By doing this, an article by Kangana Rana ji came in 84 Hours, before that came Nilesh Shah ji's article and you have to discuss it. Similarly, the video was due earlier because of Nilesh Shah ji. Kangana ji came into it and added fuel to the fire. In this video, I would not like to talk about any ill-mannered person, but if there are some strong words then it is necessary to tell.  The counter narrative to this is because if these people are not concerned about our sensibility then why should we be concerned about them, I will explain this under this example, such is the situation, they will not talk about unemployment and will say that whoever has done the work will You work for 84 hours. Why can't the entire country work for 20 hours a week? This one is doing it in such a way that he does n't get employment.  People who are in power now, Kangana Ranaut is in power, it is only BJP and Modi ji also keeps saying that I will work 18 hours a day, I am so obsessed with doing more work and there is no job here, there is unemployment.  We will not talk but will say, listen, listen, O unemployed people, you have not got the job, neither are you unhappy, it does not matter, those who have got the job, we will make them so unhappy that you get relative happiness.  India is the only country where even the one who is employed is crying and the one who is not employed is also crying. It's amazing. Wow wow, dash forward and do it. Every time you speak, you feel scared. Okay, you too are scared. Yes, that.  This is that Amitabh Bachchan's man does not feel pain, man also feels pain, man also feels scared, okay so this is the truth of life, in a country where there is so much unemployment, there is talk about 84 hours a day, where is the work?  is the work  Where is the work people will do? If you are getting good money on hourly basis then why stop at 84 hours? Brothers and sisters, cross the 100 hour mark. If there is work then why is this thing being talked about, why should it be humiliated?  What is this to these people, do they have to pay 40 hours' wages and get them to work for 84 hours? If the work has to be done then we will get it done. Should we get paid for it? Does he have to wear his suit and boots or will he go somewhere like the sea?  Pahad photo clicked, Anga, your work is going on full time and the most painful thing is that the bachelor has not got married, including Kangana Ranaut ji. Hey brother, whoever gets married has to live a troubled life, he has to have all these wives, children and marriage.  Leaving everything behind, husband and everything else, it takes four hours to work and keep taking photos and keep making selfies like this and saying how much work we have done, how much work we have done, who will talk to Kangana ji about productivity?  And through Kangana ji, I want to ask every person who speaks in the last 84 hours, brother, what mountains are you breaking, if you tell me, what do you do in the whole day, what changes have you made, see who is the corporate one.  The one who is in business, the one who sells food, the one who sells food, the one who sells auto rickshaw, he is doing as much work as he can physically, he is doing it in terms of money, but who is there who works for someone and  He is ready to do so much work, the CEO of the company is not working himself, get more employees to work, give 40 hours of salary for 84 hours, this bluff should be called out, it is not good for the mental health of the country.  Those who are from Biocon and two-three others who are promoters have said, what nonsense, there is no focus on productivity, keep working, keep working, keep giving presentations, keep giving data, keep meeting.  Keep sitting in the meeting meeting meeting meeting I took this meeting, now I took this meeting, I took this meeting, what happened in that meeting, then after 4 years, 5 years, then the election will come, yes yes, but look at how much work I did.  Look at how much work has been done, isn't it useful, isn't it a mess, and now it is 70 hours, 84 hours, I am saying do it for 100 hours, this is so bad, they will have to be made a laughing stock, whoever is saying this.  These people will have to speak openly, only those who have no family life, no sex life, no mental peace, no people, these are those people, I speak as an example, there was a song, Meet Na, who will work for 84 hours.  Mila re man ka aayi hai nahi hai, whatever nonsense they are talking, watch them ai n't they have any milita, that is his song and among these mostly what is Dil Jale Woh Yaad Hai Picture Thi Usi Ajay Devgan  In which Amrish Puri's hearts are burnt, all hearts are burnt here, all these hearts are burnt, they come and work for 84 hours, they pretend to do more, they are not, they are all narcissists, they are taking their own photos, glorifying themselves and telling others to do so.  We are working, working, working, working for 84 hours, why will there be any work left after working for 84 hours, is there any more work in it, if only for 84 hours, I am getting paid and there is work.  He is an idiot that he will not work and if he has to reduce it, he will reduce it but work must be done. Here the whole country is preparing for the exam. NEET exam is not conducted by you. Police constables do not have exam papers from you in the entire country.  If you get leaked or give grace marks in the exam, then one work is not done, then work for 84 hours madam, where is the work, Kangana, madam please give us the work, tell me where is the work and whose work.  I have work, I have come, how am I, I am actually there, I have work, but I am looking for my own work, I am doing it, but can I come and shame you people, you will say, Hey, you are too lazy, sir, what do you say while sitting in your drawing room?  By doing this on the shield and saying hello friends, one channel, two channels, three channels, four channels, five channels, one video a day, five videos, it is easy for you, yes, it is easy for me, that's why I don't say, that's why I don't tell anyone that I have so much.  I have sensitivity and intelligence, I do n't tell anyone this because why can I work 16 hours a day because I have nowhere to go, no one is my boss, no one is going to suck my soul, my soul is with me, my body is with me, my mind is with me and  Those people who have mortgaged you all, these people have all mortgaged them, so how will they work? Friend, everything has been sucked. You are hanging in the metro for 2 hours, 3 hours, 4 hours. Someone is hanging in Mumbai.  Delhi  Gurgaon is doing something bad, Gurgaon is doing something, everyone is like this, so where can you do this toxic work culture, you should call it out, brothers and sisters, you should suppress it and make fun of it, you should suppress it, you should make memes of it, you should suppress it, videos This type of video should be forwarded and this video should also be forwarded by pressing and liking. The more you like, the protest will go there. This is your EVM. The likes of this video are yours.  There is EVM and press the button beyond this, if you agree and press it then show them and write in the comment section. Such videos and mine are watched a lot. Some youngster will make a cut of my videos and make a meme and post it. As many youngsters can do it.  Yes brother, do it, I will not give copyright lesson to anyone who can use this content in any way, but the language I have spoken is the same, do not put any wrong language, it is okay, this much.  You can use it and call out this bluff of these people who have nothing to do in their own lives and in the lives of others and say that they are doing the work of sowing hashish. This is a saying that they are doing the work of doing such and such. Hey brother, people have to raise their children, they have to give normal balance, they have to look after relationships, they have to look after diseases, they have to look after their parents, they have to take care of their health, they have to take care of their mind, this life is fun here.  This is to do, to enjoy, to relax and if you know the population of Mandi and the population of Pahari, they are very stable and live with great love, those people learn from them, you are some very militant people.  Paharis work very hard, do it in spurts, also remain relaxed and enjoy their life, live comfortably, there are no diseases, at least you learn something, to beat China by working 84 hours a day I had made that video which became a big hit. The bus driver is driving the bus. He is a Chinese bus. Do n't follow him, don't follow him. We should not follow anyone. We have to keep our mental balance. We should come again and again.  Don't say that we are poor and lazy, there is nothing like this in our country and if someone is enjoying then let him do it, what is the problem with you, there are no jobs for 5 kg rice, you do this one thing, work for 84 hours.  If you want to get it done then stop giving this free ration, the man will work on his own, if you give 5 kg for free then why will anyone work? Give that 5 kg, give that house now, give house to everyone, give this, then it is okay, that is above that.  There is a roof, you are giving food, you get water, you get free electricity, free water, you got a house and got ration, now why will he work, then he does not work for 84 hours, what a contradiction and comedy and what a city man is doing, he has to  ca n't find time to live  I am in tears, can't eat food, today's children have to make their own food and give it to eat outside road side, diseases seem different, there is no time, if you work for 84 hours, then what is the time left for? There are only 168 requests, just calculate.  No, how many days will you sleep for six hours, not even sleep for two hours, what are you looking for, when will he work on himself, there is hygiene, hair has to be cut, bath has to be washed, shampoo has to be applied.  Have to relax a little, have a little phone call, do a little boyfriend- girlfriend, have to see a little relationship, or will everyone become dil jale like you, dil jale dil jale dil jale nahi chaleenge, desh unfortunately kuch dil jale chal rahein ya meet na mina manka, those people.  They are running ' Meet Na Mila Man Ka' or 'Dil Jale', these are the two categories of 'Meet Na Mila Mann Ka' or 'Dil Jale', ' Meet Na Mila Mann Ka' or 'Dil Jale' are in these two categories, 'Meet Na Mila Mann Ka' or 'Dil Jale' are in these two categories, 'Meet Na Mila Mann Ka' or 'Dil Jale' are in these two categories, 'Meet Na Mila Mann Ka' or 'Dil Jale'. You got it but your heart got burnt or you did not get it at all. Everyone else is doing a fine program.  You are sitting with your opinion, don't go and do this advice, useless advice, no 20 hours, how many of you are for 20 hours week, video will come, why this 20 hours week, will solve India's employment problem, I will give the idea in which you have the brain, work for 20 hours.  Do it in a week and then I will tell you what to do. Ask me to work for myself for 20 hours. I am asking you to work for someone else and the rest.  I will tell you what to do in time, you will also become rich, you will also be happy, you will also be happy. 20 a week is what India needs. Do you want a video on it? Please type 20 hours in the comment section. You will get a video on it. Call out this bluff. Whenever you find such a person somewhere, destroy him on the spot as if he does not exist, fly, mosquitoes kill like this, if mosquitoes come, they kill like this, as soon as mosquitoes come, they kill like this, whenever  If someone talks like this, just put it to him like this, what nonsense is happening, he is doing this for 84 hours. You have the luxury of having a house like yours, you also have a driver, you have a car, you also have a bungalow, there are six houses at six places. You have people cooking everywhere, I am arriving, the food is ready, no shopping to be done, no children to be seen, no clothes to be seen, no ironing, no washing, no drying. Do you know how much time it takes to wash and dry a good vest and how much to keep it?  It takes time to dry the shocks and How much time does it take to wash? How much time does it take to sweep? How much time does it take to manage the house? Someone calculated? Work for 4 hours. They all are speaking from their own point of view. Whatever you call work, it is not the same.  The common man says fun, you are having fun, you can exchange it, no, you do it like this, you are working 84 hours a week, no, let us do the work, and exchange the less work we do and our luxurious lazy life.  Tax  Take it for a week, we are ready to live that 84 hours of life where there is fun, everything is good, gold press, juice, almonds, walnuts, glowing skin, everything is good, everyone has invested in everything, it is everyone's luxury, all these leaders, fathers too.  They apply massage, it is happening completely, they say how fast is this speed, sweat is called sweat, that is why sweat is called sweat, look at the speed of the farmer, there is no speed on his face. The top leader was asked, hey. You have skin, you sweat, you work hard. Have you seen any labourer's skin so good? Someone works harder than him. Someone works harder than a farmer. The rickshaw that people are roaming around in in the heat is the same one that runs even today.  Her skin is looking so good, what does it mean, the color of her face is like this, the texture is like this, the softness of the facial skin is like this, now if I too have such a sexy skin, then it is because brother does not roam around in the village, he does not show off his butt.  come here I don't tell you all that I sweat, it doesn't come from sweating, it comes from enjoying, it comes from living in a very chilled environment, but I don't come and shame anyone or I or anyone like me, it shouldn't be done just because.  Your character is such that you have rest and to reach this stage, you have to grind a lot. No one comes to the stage as soon as they are born and these people who are on that stage have also not come.  They have also struggled, they have struggled, but now it is so easy to reach there, it is very easy to say, work like us, where is the opportunity, how much unemployment is there to do in this country, Haryana has unemployment at 38, India is at number one.  Haryana is number one in Haryana in terms of unemployment at 38 and you tell them to work for 84 hours, brother Guruji, we have worked for 10 hours so you give us 84 hours of work, how can you work for 84 hours?  Will you make me tell you what work you will do, what will they work if they don't have employment? So come, don't say like this madam, it's okay Agniveer has done it everywhere, he was working there for 15 years, he should leave in 4 years and then work for 84 hours. Please spread this video, this is the least I can expect from you people because if you don't do it then these people will come and say so much nonsense and so much nonsense.  You will not get the answer, nor will you get the narrative, you just have to share and like, do nothing else, you can do this much, I also made the video with great effort, worked so hard, it took time to upload, it takes life to do this, Hello friends, it is easy.  It doesn't take much effort for me to edit, but still it takes a lot of hard work. If you agree with me to do everything then please spread this one, you guys like it and tell me whether what I said was right or not. Every 20 hours.  Have to take this anchor  They say that brother, if you say 70 hours, if you say 84 hours, then there is no problem in making it 60 hours. If you say 84, then 60 will be less. I will take it towards 20 and will take the whole country towards 20. 20 hours.  Work brother, not for five days, not for three days, we will work for 20 hours, I will tell you what we will do for two days, we will rest for two days, how we will live life, that video will tell and that will make it a campaign.  We will give the rights of our country to us, we have taken the contract to Japan, they have done to China, they have done the work, they have done it, we have taken the contract, we are India, our system runs in a different way, Japan has made it here, it is not an ecosystem at all.  So the population is so high, so many people are sitting idle, their men were less, there was more work, so everyone had to do more, here there are more people, there is no work, if you are not able to work, then what to do if you kill a fly, you worked a lot for 84 hours, how much did you kill?  Take the money and do this work, if not then share a little and do it, then I will make a good video and tell you all, please like, share and post in the comment section. Thank you very much.