Hello friends, 1 Nation One Election, so what is it that I take very frozen, which one have you heard, I have come here, I do not want to make those videos of my mother which have been made in thousands and lakhs, out of which you have seen 10 pieces, I have to come here and do something.  To give some new perspective which exists and it brings a smile on your face One Nation One Election Very Good This is going very well brother means everything One Nation is a country in our neighborhood that  Not the one that jumps, the big one on the right side, the one on the east, you are a genius, let's go ahead, I was telling you earlier too, the one who sets, I am going to tell you with great love, today I am going to tell you with an example, be in a very good mood, I will tell you with a very ancient example, old.  And do it with an open mind, there is a sound in everything, sometimes small nowadays, the country has become like this, caste is my example, listen to the narrative that is being set, the story is going according to that, every time there is some discussion. What about inflation, what about me, job, what about me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, text me, that is, elections will be held as many times as possible, money will be saved in elections, a lot of money will also happen in demonetization.  If it was not then please contact me. I want to tell you one good thing. Listen carefully when you have spent 4 years in Agni Veer who is in danger of being eaten. There is no pension for him for the country.  Now I am not going to discuss it with him, but he doesn't have to cry about what has happened, it has happened, he will have elections, why do he remain in campaign mode, why do he come to do campaign, why is it necessary to do campaign? If I talk to some intellectual type of people, one election, one nation, one election, you will keep discussing after 18 to 22, then the issue will come, then the World Cup will come, then Veer Savarkar will come again.  A fighter will go, then some other election issue will come up, then discuss a movie, then do something by the court, brother, six months have passed of a good life, then now elections are about to come, now do it once for the whole country so that sir the country Hey, these politicians come to say hello during the elections, the more they are there, the more they will ask for two paisa tax from you at one time, then we will meet brothers and sisters, we will reduce the tax after one and a half year, we will not even ask much for the whole year and a half.  Your God, what is this sir? I am not even asking you about the name. The name is a different matter. The name becomes very personal. If there are elections for the Central Government in Girji, then what if there are elections for all the State Governments and it has not completed the operation.  What do you keep saying, this one happened in Madhya Pradesh, the operation was done in Karnataka, first the government was elected, the story in Maharashtra, the story in Madhya Pradesh, then this band went, then this happened, then this happened, then this.  The elections have fallen there and if you hold them again then still the elections are being defrauded again. To do it at one go, you will need so many voting machines and everything else is happening to the municipality too, this is also happening to this, this is also happening to this. This means that when there are exams, all the students of 8th, 10th, 12th class are called together on the same day. In the school or board exam, the 12th class students are separated. Management is also done for the tenth class, relief is also given, first maybe one day everyone comes and does the same thing, because how can a person concentrate, this one is from the municipality, this is from the counselor, this is from the mother, this is from the center, this is this sign, this is made. Which party is it, what are the issues, that water, poor guy, he doesn't know how to vote, half the time he is such a confused dog, so now whose buttons will he press, no, no, this should not even be discussed, according to me, finger on.  You should remain tight lipped and don't talk, leave it because you are looking for a job inside your house, you are facing income tax, you have to do something about your health, you have to do about education, you have to do about investment, you have to give the image of your house.  And that has to be done, do it in such a way that it is as if someone has put a pass, isn't the question exciting? Hey, what opinion do you have of me, of mine, of my acquaintances, many times, you tell me, Guruji, why should I also give up their pension?  No, the political party and the most important party is Apple, but Apple is the only one who is doing this, who thinks this, they say that brother, he was starting the athlete, that brother, this will be that, one person will be his party.  Or is there another party except their leader, no one has opened their mouth, there are two-four politicians who have opened their mouth, one maybe Varun Gandhi has opened his mouth, you can check, only one person will continue, three will go home, now that money will go.  If he goes back, he will come to us, mother, talk to him, very good, good, good, good, what will you do with this child, by announcing whom, what to do to whom, dog, where will the money go, where will the country's money be saved, where will it be saved, what is the tax calculation? You have to see that this thing doesn't last, do n't tell it, I am the one who is this thing, we the intellectual middle class and we are on WhatsApp and these are we, we keep talking about this question, what is less or what is the difference between them.  What less tax does a government employee have to pay? 33 days. Look at the holidays of the state government. There are 35 35 38 38 days of holidays. There is no such local religious leader, no such political elder in whose name holidays are not taken, then they  There are so many festivals in our country, never do any audit on them. Here, we will take the child for two to five days and set the negative right for the whole public. Hey, it will be beneficial.  There will be benefit, there will be a lot of benefit, there will be a lot of benefit in the monetization also, no, there will be some benefit, that too, I will tell you that I mean, you Nazis had put gas inside the gas chamber, it cured cancer, so what is that?  What he was doing about cancer, is that a benefit in the default setting? Anytime you do anything, there will be some benefit in it, man, who said that there will be no benefit, if you don't eat food for three days, there will be some benefit in that too. Remove diseases from some body  You will light a little flower, you will do something, this is my only advice on this, it is very clear that this thing should not be discussed at all, this balloon rises, the balloon flies, I am the one in the department who is always worried about seeing where the wind is going. What difference does it make when the balloon goes up, you know the wind direction, you know where the wind is going, you even doubt and speak, it also becomes stronger, those who fly ships would know this.  Well, the wind is interested in how much wind there is, so it tells that brother, if the wind is strong then it will fly higher and then the direction will also be known. For example, a balloon can be known by its two smokes. Many people do not have a balloon.  We put smoke, we get to know the direction from where the smoke is going, if it is caste, then there are some such things but we do not have to tell about them, date wise is written, today news is seen first and power later.  Meaning, the scene of the newspaper is managed in such a way that the news is sold first and then the newspaper is sold. The advertisement that you see in the newspaper is only that advertisement, there is not much else.  Advertisement: You guys should also remember this thing.