Hello friends, today's topic will be looking beyond the normal things which are talked about by the politicians and the general public, especially the middle class, gets carried away by it saying that yes, yes, it seems right, it is like this, there is truth in it, we will discuss that thing.  This video has been triggered by a short video of a popular opposition leader, i.e. our top most leader, in which he has told about pickpocketing that there are three ways of pickpocketing.  Let's operate, one person will come forward, he will get distracted, the second one will pick the pocket and the third one will remain standing like this, so he has taken the names of three people in it and it sounds like great creativity, okay and I also enjoyed it a lot.  If I even have the courage to speak like this, I enjoyed it, but I don't want the public to get misled in these terms. I feel that as a middle class friend, an issue is being made that normally this politician has helped this businessman.  If curry and this has grown then there is discussion beyond that, this discussion is clarity, higher order thinking, now will I defend any businessman here, am I a political party special, am I not a leader, friend, I am not like that, if you see it completely then you will understand.  What am I trying to say, let's start carefully, if you are middle class, your child goes to some school, you are in trouble, this is how your life is going on, he is a businessman, so called, someone helped him, the airports came to him.  Work  The business has come, whatever has come, what difference has it made in your life? Oh no, but this is not a good thing, hey, the other businessman should be suffering, the one who should have got it and did not get it, he is not making noise, you raised your voice for him. Because you hate the rich anyway. The middle class hits the rich. I am also not a big fan of the poor because the rich are talking about the poor. Look, you used to go to that airport earlier.  Let me take an example and tell you that there is a lot of commuting in Ahmedabad and it was there earlier too. Tell me those who have been to Ahmedabad Airport, has it made any difference or not but they are taking money. Yes, there is no such thing as a facility without taking money. If you take money then there is facility.  You get 100 150 200 300 400 and everything is smooth and good and those who buy flight tickets are 89 10 12 in small sector of Haj and so much more in foreign countries.  You take four people, brother, is there any poor person? If you start going to the airport or even the poor, then the definition of poor has also changed. You see what you want. Rotten country. Earlier it used to be like this in our country that only the government used to do business.  So the PSUs that used to invest so much money in it, Air India were holding their heads and said, take this Rs. 3 thousand crores, Rs. 25000 crores, Rs. 5 thousand crores, that is fine, then when the government takes the initiative, it can do something to someone. You drive it, you drive it, hey, if you help him, should you help Jeff Bezos? Alone, Tesla has not come to Moscow, right now, please help Tesla, do n't these businessmen provide jobs, they themselves sit at home and eat.  No, but if he became very rich, then isn't it your share, brother, that tax is like this, these loans are like this, he took it and then he became rich like this, so if he is not rich then will you become rich?  The government has to take away the money and give it to the poor, your middle class is a fish, nothing is coming, they don't reduce our taxes, if the tax is low, then in the higher slab, above 50 lakhs, above that, if it is above 40 lakhs, then you are rich.  Why is that rich person not paying tax? No, corporate tax is Rs. 25. Hey brother, as soon as he takes his salary, it becomes personal, but if I tell you that your money will stay here and here.  Tax is a little less but you will have to pay tax as soon as you leave, so keep being happy here, it will keep growing, then you also open one, who has forbidden you to put your MCA in the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, for SME or to open your own company, open a private limited, do business.  Who has refused to do the job? There is grinding and competition in it. 5 lakh crores are two lakh crores from these big capitalists. Alas, why did it become from 3 lakh crores to 4 lakh crores? Alas, nothing happens to me.  One lakh crore rupees have been taken away. Hey, don't you take your share? Baba, if the country wants to grow, it will have to be done only by these people, if it is they who provide employment opportunities to the population, this is what you have to see, friend, the infrastructure, garbage is collected in front of your house.  It is not picking up, you have to see who is picking up, to whom did the contract of Rs. 50 go, the 50 you have to pay, you have to pay ₹ 1, someone is picking up the garbage in India.  000 per month, but if you give it to them once, then they will have a monopoly and then those who go to our 8 will take ₹ 10 per month, yes they will take ₹ 120, they will take ₹ 1200, no because it is a competitive world.  If he doesn't take it, then other people will come, things are done through tender, bidding is done, wherever the private sector is providing electricity, it is getting good, it is not going well and they are getting full recovery.  The government is there, everyone has laid their wires there and half the time it is not available, then privatization, if it is what is this thing, what is the approach that has been taken because if it does not belong to the poor then there is no one in it, the poor, the poor, no one is making noise here, middle class.  Class plays a role and creates an environment. The middle class should say that brother, like America, there were so many people in agriculture. America progressed only when they left agriculture, which is a low productivity thing. People have moved on to other things, but in India, if someone wants to take the land of the entire farmer, then the middle class should say, yes, take the land of the entire farmer, the rich capitalists will take it. I am going to have a great video on that. You see, brother, don't buy, take a lease and pay rent to him, the ownership should remain with the farmer, I also agree that I am also a farmer, but you come and we don't do anything on this, all of you together do something.  Do it and give us a good fare  Give it to me, if I get double the money from that farm without doing any farming, without sweating, then what is the problem and that farm is mine and if someone tells me to put an option in it that son, if you even sweat, then it will be double.  You are getting it without any sweat, brother, even if you work here, you also have this salary, why can't this happen, because even if the government wants to do anything, if you do a little, then you will be sold, you will help him. You did it, you helped him, tell me, if there was a king's system, like the system used to be there earlier, then they used to openly allow businessmen, if the king of this country, the government of this country will not support the capitalists and businessmen of this country, then?  Who will do it already? Those of you who have some knowledge of these things, trade practices, international treaties and all this also tell us that you have to give level playing field to the others too who come from outside but at the back door, every  The country does it for its own people, it is mine and the one who should be hit should be hit by other capitalists that friend, you are on his side, it is such a big ocean, the blue ocean of Indian opportunity is an opportunity for everyone to earn money in India.  They are getting something, the only thing is that someone is making noise. Hey brother, if their competitors did not get this, then they got something else. Everyone is worried till now.  Everyone is earning money and they all are one among themselves, there is no enmity among themselves, they are saying that it is okay, you do yours, that is all this, it is wrong to do this with friendship because the rich man who has 5 lakh 10 lakh 20  The company which has reached lakh crores, will reach such a valuation and the company itself will grow suddenly, where will you get this small one with Rs 500 crores, whatever contracts will be left, whatever will be made of it. Also, if you want to see the entire airport or the entire infrastructure or not, did you benefit from it against him? Yes, you did, accept it, why are you feeling chilly, did your son go and plant it there, or did he take my son's share? Lal Office Office House Number 100 A 100 My son had to lose the contract of Mumbai Airport or Delhi or Ahmedabad or whatever, so many airports will lose if private players do not come and manage. So there will be dirt, you talk about your experience, no, my friend, the road is fine, the bridge is fine, because this is what the middle class wants to get from the progress of the country, nothing else, you will not get any subsidy, you will not get any free electricity or water.  No one gets reservation, half of you do not get reservation, those who do not get it, and those who get reservation, that too, if they had reached so many places, then what would be the need for so many reservations, it is just a game of government jobs, so someone somewhere.  If you are not able to reach, then take what you are getting, I am addressing the middle class, brother, you will get only better things outside in the growth of the country, you will get a road, you will get an airport, you will get a clean railway station, it will become one which belongs to the general public.  That is the other way, whether you want to give them the contract or not, don't do it, and then they will distribute this money among the poor, then you will be happy, give more kg rice to the poor people, then you will not get anything. So the businessman is not giving you two or three rupees, he is charging something and he is giving it to you. You can ask him, I gave you Rs 50, Rs 200, Rs 300, I gave you so much, so what did I get?  The question can be asked, is there accountability? Where else is the accountability? There was accountability for the government's PSUs, everyone has got the job, no one is doing the work, there is no efficiency, the union is playing the game of the product.  I do n't know that HMT has been running in losses for so many years. Do you know about Air India and there are 1500 such PSUs, some are Navratna, some do very well, but do you want the government to run the business and then because if any contract is lost?  If any private entity will get it, will you like it or not? It is something like saying that why is this topper student in his class topping, why is no one else getting a chance, this is the teacher's favourite.  He is a student, he is the most honorable child, brother, he will come first, you change the teacher and the teachers also change, in India the teachers i.e. those who are running the country, they came, they came, they came, this topper will remain a topper, tomorrow there will be a second one like this. Suppose the government changes, will these people who are worth Rs 10-20 lakh crores come down to Rs 1 lakh crore? Did they just float in the air or do they have no assets, no underline loan, no underline book value?  There is no underline business, there is no underline cash flows, or there is no management, or there is no brain, or the business is running in the air. Why are you jealous of someone from your own India, if he is progressing like this, then it is because of him that Do it for any reason, become that reason, you do that, otherwise what is the alternative you want, if he doesn't become then who should become, who should become some other rich man from his own community, that is, don't give the contract to someone worth Rs. 5 lakh crores. Give it to the one with crores of rupees or don't give it to the one with lakhs of rupees, give it to him or give it to your son, this is how you will get it while sitting at home, that means he keeps watching IPL matches in the morning and evening, he keeps watching T20, before that he is watching the World Cup.  If it is yours, then give it to your son, is it possible, tell me, if you put as much negativity on it, everyone should say yes, then what is the loss, what is not, he gave it to him as per our rights, what was the result of that, how did you give it to me?  don't understand  All the things are left out of bidding, bidding is done transparently, now there is e-bidding, there is one man on e-bidding, it is like saying, if Virat Kohli is hitting sixes, fours and is hitting centuries in the World Cup and  There are so many stars in India, brother, BCCI favors Virat Kohli. Virat Kohli has talent, brother, as long as he has the talent, he will continue. How many bosses of BCCI?  Look at the time of Sachin Tendulkar, who had such a good career. Look at the time of Virat Kohli, what has changed? The one who has talent will be seen only at the top, while the small players at the bottom will come and go, they will cry, they will keep talking, they will keep talking.  Why are all the fools given opportunities? Brother, a little bit of recommendation is enough, a little bit of friendship is good, it is there everywhere, but what harm is it causing to you, you check this, what harm is it causing to you?  Things are good, the biggest thing is that I, this argument does not mean the same to you, this is a business house, this is a business house, there are many, many, many, okay, you feel that it is progressing, there is favoritism, it is benefiting.  So brother, its listed companies, buy shares, who has forbidden, he is saying that which one is private, its listed company, those companies are also growing, are there any different ports, some have some, some have some, brother put it.  Take the money, people have already earned money, then someone will come and make a report of another country that these Indians have been cut off from the dense forests, cut off their disease, do the shooting, do this, make a story, rest of the Indians, we are ready to do our own thing, isn't anyone of ours  The man has reached here, we have to pull it ourselves, isn't it crime mentality? Yes yes, it is bad, you have not taken the lion, those who have taken it, they have got the chilli, whatever it is, they have sold it, whatever is the valuation or By whatever means, brother, the businesses with these assets will also do very well, even though the return on assets is low right now because these assets are limited, whoever took the contracts, who took the ports, the more the business will grow in the port, the more India's import and export, whatever it is.  Road people will earn money, road people will earn money, the traffic in the airport is bound to increase, if 100 people were traveling then it will be 200, 400, the number of ships is increasing, beyond this I am also clear.  I will make videos. If the opportunity is there, do you have it and through the share market and demat, do you not have the brain to take up this business or the spillover effect that will come from it that if the experience of the airport is very good, tourism will increase, then someone will think of building a hotel. Which shares can you buy or keep crying over this, made him rich, made him rich, leave it, he is becoming rich, so tell me what will happen next, he is fixing the infrastructure for the people.  If the experience is good then if you want to travel then which company's shares can you buy? Which is the company which does some work in the lounge? Write the name starts with D. It has some shares between Rs 500-600. It is not advised.  I did not mention the name of the buyer, I am doing GK test from here that there are many such companies of the airport which are managing the airport but they are managing something at the airport and are earning a lot of money from it.  And you can also earn or keep crying, he has become rich, he has become rich, look, the rich will be only the one who deserves it, you have to deserve yourself, crying will do something, otherwise I hope you will understand this thing.  If you watch, that pocket-grabbing video is a good one, according to me, but it has no meaning, its meaning is less, that video is just that the leader is showing it to show dominance, it is the job of the politician to show it, we too would have enjoyed it.  There is an audience but the intelligent audience will ask once, what is the problem, yes, it has been taken, they say, you have picked up your pocket, where did you pick up your pocket, brother, no businessman is in your pocket, otherwise all the businesses are picking your pockets.  Because whatever product is made for Rs. 100, it is not given to you for Rs. 100, nor is it given for Rs. 110, 120, 140, because if there is profit then everyone is a thief, it means only a middle class.  It is okay because you go to work in these companies and they give you this money, then you are absolutely right, but if you sell their products, then you would have become a thief, they would have become thieves, hey, Capitalism and the modern system of the world. Understand, instead of crying, how can it be that you went, I would say that today you drank two cups of tea and you wasted 20 minutes, you are a thief, you did not work in the office, you had a stomach ache, you did not attend the meeting. saturday  You did not pick up the call at night. You are also a thief. But who will say this because you are not called to vote bank, but all this is theft. That share price was Rs 100 and now it has become Rs 200, which means it is theft because that too. How did it suddenly become 100? Did this happen? Sentiment also becomes sentiment. Nothing has changed physically. If the management changes then the P/B ratio changes. Every company has one company.  Cupid by Cupid, its management was changed in September. Look, Sher Khan has lost his job. Nothing, there is a company which is running. How did he run away? Now say, has the market been stolen? The market is driven by emotions. Sentiments. You should use your mind, awaken your intellect, consciousness and conscience and you can gain from other things. A Tegra group has been given and join it in the comment section.  Do it, I will teach you things in a very good way through webinars. There is also a comprehensible happiness course. I have a very good course going on. The first class is on 3rd December. There is only one intro class. There are five-six classes. Fees are very low. H2 You will get things. Thank you Yuri for moving forward.