Hello friends, today's topic is Politician and dear new friends, the latest test topic is very interesting, I am doing a base formation for my viewers, this is the best channel to subscribe, you will not find such content and in this some people started saying to me, Guruji. You made this channel but the agenda is soft. It will come slowly, so today in this video I will reveal my agenda. What is the agenda? What is the flag?  But what is that, what is that, that is tomorrow, I will release it to you in the next part of the video so that you people can have an idea where I am heading and you have to judge me. The story is going to be very interesting, so who are the new friends of the politicians?  You know that story about friends in politics, you have heard it and different politicians have friends, there were old friends who were earlier known as businessmen or yesterday or influencers in terms of Bollywood.  Personality and then Godi media thing, you heard it now, who should join the latest test, Batman, we are now the latest friends of politicians on YouTube, YouTubers, you must have seen that I told you in the video earlier too that if the 2024 elections will be uploaded on YouTube, social media will be ours. Okay WhatsApp Forward Spread Dham song That's that but the story will run now because now the new generation is ahead, go out in the sun and have fun in the rally.  They don't know how to formulate their opinion in advance, so there are many of them on YouTube and they have friends on YouTube. You must have seen them. Tell me the name in the comment section on which YouTubers are there on whose INLD politicians have started coming and on those YouTubes they have seen them.  Have started giving platform, which party comes from which party, how do they come, you tell me, normal people do not have the courage to call you, people from here, people from there, you  I understand, okay, I will also tell you my agenda, listen carefully, it will be fun, okay, because whatever I am getting done and getting it done, it is not just any six, okay, so you must have seen it recently and tell me who is this?  It's a matter of state, your GK will be checked, I will get to know what is the awareness level of my audience. Recently, on an OAT platform, it happens that the winner of a reality show on OAT is from a normal small province.  The boy's minister sahib came to her function because she collected three lakhs also, this is her on YouTube, that is her Neeraj Chopra [music] serial going on, one of them is fine, that empty man, no, I do n't want to do that, no.  So he gets it in a wrong way these days, Khali Das Das Munde, that saying of the people of Haryana, you can tell it is fine, it is achievement, achievement is nothing, those leaders standing on the stage are educated.  You know that too, but there is a compulsion, they are showing him the achievement that he has earned a lot of fame. Only after raising Rs 3 lakh, I am telling you that when you bring the numbers, be it of stupid people or of intelligent people, vote count in democracy.  If he spends Rs 3 lakhs then if this politician associates with him then it will be transferred, then if he is sitting on YouTube with Rs 80 lakh crores and he is giving the platform to the politicians.  Coming and flattering her, the read sign of the year on YouTube also gives coolness, I am telling you, look how the times have changed, these media people of yours have already declared who are we with, those who keep making noises, they do not know.  Will you open this channel, you are a sophisticated new creature on YouTube, it is okay that they will ask comfortably, they will ask and influence, and what happens, what is the proposal of a human being, you like me, my Now I am talking about something, now I have taken someone, okay, the leader, and now you, if he is with the ideology of the party, then you Guruji, you too and I too, yes yes for sure then he  The vote will definitely be there and the one who hates the party very much and he was listening to me and liked me, then he will also go to me because it does not change so quickly but the one who is in the middle is like Damadol situation.  Are there any or the opinion has not been formed yet  But he likes me a lot and I don't hate him. It's okay, whoever this other leader has brought, he will be inclined towards him. No, whatever political party you are trying to do, you do this only think of this in Hindi, there is a special on YouTube channel.  The party is visible more if you go to the local level. Of course, now at your level, if you do not have that language then you, like my audience is of Hindi or a little English, then you probably will not get to see it.  But if you do everything then the new land of work is your YouTube channel and now I will tell you my agenda also because now I have made a video of mine, I had a painting behind me in it, there was a flower in the painting, okay and related, you Lakshmi ji.  Lakshmi ji's flower Vastu, I told many of you who are subscribers of my old channel that I am also an astrologer, so Vaastu and astrology are other things, if you combine that with the party, then I will make you enjoy it.  You dog me by changing my party in every third video and finally you will know what you want to do, so I will tell you right now, I am also an agent, my agenda is to make all the politicians, no matter which party they belong to, public servants.  The agenda is to make the politicians weaned from politics. Guru can do anything. Whatever politicians have come into politics, the public should wean them. Now Janardan asked him how will we make so much demand to the public.  Be it a leader of any party, he will remain brother, I don't have to do it, there is no benefit in politics in this, then people will move away from normal and genuine, politics will also become less like a government job type or normal and many times it will happen like this, first you first, then you.  Become an MP, buy a ticket, there is no taste, that clarity has to be spread among the entire public, but let me tell you an example, you took a picture worth Rs 200-300, it is okay and that picture was of a superstar last year only, see this.  Which Chaddha did someone come up with like this, the picture of a superstar is ok, tell me which superstar is this, the public showered so much rubbish on so many codes, if it was not good because the public would be demanding, advice, it was a picture of Rs 30400, it has gone bad, Momo also gets spoiled sometime. Now I am going cyber, if my mocktail has gone bad then what will people know but so many people are backless and poor actor has disappeared, I am no longer in this.  Is this a good thing or should I have done this or that? Here you will see in all my videos, I will not discuss what is good and what is great, I will not discuss who is good and who is great because every man is looking at a man from his mirror.  One man's truth is another man's lie, every man has his own truth and whatever is our old knowledge of our country, if you don't believe in the date then read it.  So it's a simple thing, brother-in-law are actions  And the consequences are nothing right you do some action and because also you can change de action please accept de concept again and again aise aise hi miligi aise aise you have shown so much loyalty to your wife and friend and to your parents, mother and brother na you are here political party  You are showing that they have no loyalty of their own, ticket distribution will happen from here to here, let's see how they will change first, I mean, if it is Gurugram.  Let's talk to Gurugram only. Who is the MP of Gurugram? How many times has the party been changed? If he still wins, will you tell him that this is a bad thing, what is bad, but whose ideology is you with and with the party? You understand.  Understand yourself what am I going to tell you, you see many people keep changing tomorrow, not the fairies but the alliance changes everything. People, the problem of food and drink in the North Indian belt is not the same in the North East, the issue is different. i this  I am saying, if you want to do the first thing, then I have a request, you can go and watch it above, there are people like this who are here also, I have secretly started a channel in Koni, brother, it is not necessary to watch your channel Naked Shot.  Politicians were on difficulty, you join politics only if you pay ₹ 3400 ₹ 500 to a small service provider who is taking ₹ 500 from you, meaning of life in Haryana, please type lot of Hariyani people.  No bill, no matter whether I do this or not, I get only this much. Brother, the politicians will have to say this through their mouth, it is not in our power, we cannot do anything, the public is different, the public is defending the politician, that is.  Now I say to him, whether it is the state or the Centre, the government is less, protecting the citizens, joining a political party, every person working in every house, every worker, what is happening brother, hey, such a braided sir, I am happy.  Do it, I am not happy because the one who is not happy, the one who is nothing then and the one who has not revealed the vote, everyone is running after him, it is okay, let me also tell you that until your food, clothing and house are not sorted out, you are an intellectual philosopher.  He cannot go places, he needs rest, he needs peace, because if there is no arrangement for dinner, then you cannot be an intellectual. Intellectuals have been maligned a lot because those who were intellectuals also Overhero times, everyone becomes corrupt, but I will make a separate video on that. The power game happens, that's why they say no, no, everyone has an agenda, you have an agenda, everyone has what they want, but are we the public 's brother, whom will we vote for?  Will ask him because he is saying that if I take it, this is a party, I am voting for it, then I have voted, so I cannot ask the question of whether I get that slip on my forehead or not after voting.  something after Put the slip here and go around and see that I voted by asking in this stepwell and I am asking questions, do n't ask why is this happening unnecessarily, friend, you tell me what question should I ask when I go to someone for whom I did not even vote. Your wife asks questions to your neighbor or asks your husband that he was in love with you as well as for me. You answer why this is happening inside the house or with the neighbor. Brother, these days men are very bad. hey it's a forest  Home You are committed, why don't you tear her down, why do n't you do the same, why don't you lift the fragrance, why doesn't he vote for you, uncle, look at this, I am roaming around taking votes, if Ma Saheb, MP Saheb, if the party keeps changing its ideology, then Rakhi will do comedy inside Maharashtra.  Who gave the board of circular chair? If someone loses votes, then if he gives, he loses respect. You have done comedy and are with the public. Today is your day and you are pampering them for their loyalty. All your common people are making fool of your leader. They are making fool of anyone of any party, of any ideology. You are like the elder of the house who has not divided the property, his dog has to pay the bills.  There is some meeting, he doesn't tell in advance, no family member tells in advance, I will give you 20%, I will give you 10, I will leave bananas for you, that one in Noida, his flat in Gurgaon, that one in Mumbai, this one and so on.  If Sher Market tells this like this then many people will say Namaste and those who got cleared will take it as granted. In Inter Books, do you do politics at home also? Every person is a politician of India and there is as much politics as there is in the houses of India.  No, this much politics is not a story, so you are the same politics, who is my subscriber, in whose house politics is happening too, why are you not thinking about politics, why are you not playing real politics, Babli, with your WhatsApp ID. Why don't you start writing these decisions on WhatsApp DP or on stories or on social media? What's happening in today's status? When there is a status, you have to write marriage, only divorce, some have to write single, some have to write single ready.  You have to write auspicious, I have to write something committed, it is like this, brother, we should also put the status, also from the political party, what is my political application, mostly write 98 committed notes, this decide note, this decide then  Only one interview will be held, no one says this, this is how politics is, one thing has to be said, one man, this politics is bad, Gandhi himself is doing the same things now, what are you doing, tell me, what did you do, reduced this, did that.  If you do, then it means you should not praise them and be suspicious, they are all just one bag, you should not hate them and you should not love them, you should not perform aarti for them and you should not show them any harm, they should be a little different.  A little bit of resentment, you are not enjoying, brother, what are you doing, we have not enjoyed in 75 years, we have not enjoyed even in five, we have not enjoyed even in 10, we have not enjoyed even in one, we are not enjoying and want more, heart asks for more, we are not enjoying.  I did n't enjoy it, I didn't enjoy it, I didn't enjoy it, I didn't enjoy it, you are okay with those things, oh those things, that child failed with you too, he had not studied in the class 25 years ago, so you are a Math.  I had failed him  But not by talking, why did he fail? He is not even that intelligent. See, this had happened again in the 8th and then in the 12th, please get a job. Warrior of YouTubers and a guy who reduces the motivation of YouTube channel. Now he has given an interview to the politician.  He is taking it and he is saying that it is useless, it is good, the platform is good, the relationship and the questions too, meaning what people ask is a question of quality, you suck the message.  Or what question do you suck like a cat? Someone asked this question many years ago. People of India are not fooled. Many of our people are fools. One day we will take this mother and maybe our life will be improved and that too in the middle class.  I too am being very very, no matter how many classes I take, I do n't enjoy wearing a shirt. I am also a person who likes to sit in kurta-pajami. Guruji, but this is a deliberate attempt.  I want you to get into people, I am understanding, I am thinking, I can understand Hindi and I want you to be thinking, water thinking citizens, I have decided not to talk about them, that has already happened to them, what do they have to talk to them about what you have decided. Lia, we will talk about things that will spread awareness in our country. We politicians, whatever party we belong to, should do it like this. This is just a short time for both of them, they have to do this.  List: If you liked my agenda, please type. If you are with me, please type. And in the comment area, you will get the link of the telegram group which is newly opened. Do activities on it and I will take the vote in five days. Do you want to contribute a little? Maybe from inside you have a better spirit than me, but to do all this, you are busy in your job, you are busy in your world, so I am giving you contribution and platform, I am giving to the politicians. I am not giving a platform, I am giving a platform to the public that we have to join, we have to join and we are such an awareness board, so I know that whoever has to vote has to vote only one vote. Gives and see someone is sad, see someone is unhappy, no relief, no one has a choice, we will discuss all that thing, here you bill never see me telling you, you vote on home, so don't think this is what I am saying disclaimer  You judge me, I will not take any side of any particular party that it is good, I will not call anyone bad because according to me neither any one is absolutely good nor any one is absolutely bad. My opinion is that every friend is important for democracy.  It is very important for this, so please stay away from new friends of politicians. Politicians have new friends like us on YouTube, so now we too are looking at them from the mirror like this.  Which direction is it taking? On most of the YouTube channels, I have seen everything being done in black and white. What is this polarization type, this is towards this, this is towards this, brother-in-law, this is objectivity, subjectivity and this is not English, all this is not there.  Brother, let's discuss a little more. If the conversation cannot happen like this, then the topic is a little like this. What do you want to talk about? You will get long episodes, there will be long awareness and this is a journey story and destination too.  It will not be seen that there is only one YouTube and the story is not going, nothing is happening, you have also seen my other channels, whatever I have said is making an impact in the society, in the movie it is getting some kind of success, in the ministry, in a business.  She is coming in real estate, she is doing articles, if she wants to play out all the trends and things, then don't think that this time waste will come like this, by doing something in it, you will see in the video, sometimes chillam chilli, sometimes your hormones are surging, anger is surging.  Is  It wo n't look like this, peace, peace, because the man who is calm, relaxed, takes a long breath, has seen and smiles here and after seeing him, keep smiling, brother, you are playing a good game, we will also play with you, okay, only then it becomes fun.  Only then can one decide between playing and fighting and whether mine is better or yours is better.