Hello friends, I am enjoying the episode with a new topic. There is a good feedback on this new channel. Today's topic is politics, society and people. It is okay, the meaning of 'Bin Pedi Ke Lot' is that it can go to any side, so we politicians.  A lot of people say that man, this is a lot of bin pedi, I was with him then he went there, okay and we are judged a lot on this, okay and now Tech D is middle class Tech N very higher model ground. Our opinion should not change like this, not in this life, so let us discuss about politics, you will say where and how is this happening, now you see this in Maharashtra, you saw the first election, there was a coalition, this one A and B fought together like this means it is fine.  This one won, then this one went with him, now this one, then his little baby was born, this little baby, then he went with this one, then there was another one, brother, the other one, he had a little baby, now he is gone.  big ones  If you don't know, then it is like this, everyone is coming and it is being seen that who is the opposition, who was the most worthless child, only the same opposition, so many times what happens is that people say vote, then I don't know, the vote goes to him.  Earlier there used to be such kind of laughter that when you vote, it goes away, now it has become such a kind of laughter that whoever you vote for will go as per your wish, then this is such a big comedy, Rakhi, so on one hand, you are very irritated.  can ok very irritated  Can this be so dirty? Secondly, be a little calmer, whatever I am learning because this channel of mine is more about what you can do Racer Dan King crime and crime is okay and this bad of telling, that bad world, leave it bad, you also learn.  If something happens, once I make a commitment, I don't even listen to myself, then this dialogue of Salman Khan sounds very good to hear, but please change your opinion, change things in your life.  In dynamic personal life, I am telling you to learn from this politician, he walks away with a straight face and says to one person, he is corrupt, dirty, useless, take him out like this, everyone has said this, after that he is sitting on the stage, then what else?  With such a straight face, all of them are small and fat, do n't think that your favorites are also the ones who seem more favorite to you, the elders, those whom you idolize, are also with such a straight face, now it is alright for you.  I have taken a pass in the washing machine, before that it was dirty, so learn it, don't call them big, learn it yourself. Who told you that economics is very famous, so that it does not become a shame, everyone around you is doing such things that they run in a corporate company.  The two companies were such big companies and there used to be fights among themselves and there was so much bitterness among the employees, it is okay if you become friends, then this story too, anything can happen at any time, brother, it is not like this.  Look in life, why do people have to change their opinions, the way they are, which movie is this, Amitabh Bachchan's Mohabbatein, this is 2023, this is a very dynamic world, Artificial Intelligence is the charge, survival of the fittest is Darwin's theory, it applies to everything. You will not change, the business is over, you will not change, the party is over, everything will have to be changed, you are a state, yours is fine, which used to be Patliputra capital and  Even today it is fine, they say Magadh, now the one from there, who has been turned so many times, now here, sometimes here, sometimes here, here, no one says anything to him, one is explaining with a straight face, now inside Western Up.  There is another leader, his father was also an SSC but now he too has been like this, everyone is like this, there is a story going on with someone at any time, you are getting worried, you are pampering them, you are pampering them. he got a bill  We were there where people went on the road, the date was 2 years ago, you know, they were depending on him, then they drew, then if they were like this then why were they making so much noise, she is giving class to everyone to defend for them and herself.  So much loyalty, so much loyalty, you know, my old subscribers are from the old channel, okay, you know one of the things which I do is medical, also, so brother, show so much loyalty to your wife or show your wife to your husband as much as you can.  You are showing these political parties, why are you showing vomit, why are you becoming loyal to them, why are you writing in the blood that you are the only one, you are the colorful one, the only one is you and you are the one who has played the note, I like Kant with anybody.  Whoever gives me, I will like it. Let's go. Those who are of lower class, they sit like this, you buy, wait till the day, no one knows about it, everyone is busy in convincing them, some buy something, some will buy, some will see this at night.  Of  Some DK, you know everything about the rich people, it is their own, they say that you have also heard their dialogues, it is our shop, it is our shop, it is whatever one wants, it is being discussed in Sanu and they do it like this, they say like this, this and this. These opposition people are from pro government, there is such a feeling that there is a crying quarrel with full emotions, Sir, everyone is with the feeling that you are like this, you are like this, he is like this, there is so much emotion that this  These are the people of this age. Why don't they show their grandchildren? Why don't they talk to them so much? Why don't they talk to them with such passion? Are they as passionate about politics as politicians? Are they servants? Politicians themselves speak, aren't they servants? So it is a big deal to call them servants.  When I go, the servants say, all are different types of servants, there are small, big and very big servants, so does anyone fight over the servants? Do you people fight like this, this one is good or this one is not? Why didn't you keep this one? I have also kept this one. She is giving such good service to me, yet she will keep that one. Hey friend, you can keep whoever you want, you are sitting with one mode, you did not get so much money and she did not give service.  And if that one goes, nothing is going to happen, nothing has happened in the country for 15,000-20,000 years, nothing is going to happen, do n't worry, it only creates panic, C I do Astrology, also the new channels which will come now.  They will come only then, Naam Guruji from Gurgaon, I do a lot of things, okay, as you understand, I am the second type, I will also tell some more details about myself sometime when the channel becomes a little bigger, okay, so what time you are, what I am trying to do. You also know about fair sales, you go to a doctor, who goes to an astrologer, who goes to a lawyer, who goes to a chartered accountant, who goes to an architect, brother, take this architect or else.  That letter may be crooked, there will be no proper loan, then you will get trapped like this, lawyer is not good, even four accountants will also get trapped in tax, this is how it will happen to you, nothing will happen, otherwise the notes will not be issued, this is how politicians are, politicians should be engaged.  Yes, I am the first person on YouTube, I am the first person who is engaged in turning normal people into politicians. I am saying this, everyone is like this, why are you hating this special person, learn this from where.  Everyone is different in category, so it is true that until the doctor says, O stand brokers, it is a mess, block it sir, it is empty, if he is telling the truth then he is lying, then there is no harm, get it inserted, anything is fine, the story is something.  Call me and get it inserted, yesterday I was having pain in the stomach, there was a stone inside the bladder, there was a fear of a stone, there was a pain of gas, this was a fear, the stone came out, did it not come out? I belong to this profession, there is a problem in the whole profession, brother, there are all kinds of people, they do this kind of thing, okay, now you can't say the answer, you hit this person and he likes them and this saree is his soldier, so it's like this How can it be that you love the specialist very much, you love the commander and make boils, I am from brother, love the fat also or reduce your hatred, how would it be that the counselor, you hate me, you hate the local.  Sarpanch, you hate local, you don't like, MP, but give you like, whatever is being said, I am not the name of any party, it is such a unique love channel, I do n't feel stressed from within, absolutely because  What I am trying to understand is that it is so nice and good and good but the country and the people politicians, I feel that they will clap me on a stage and give me an award as an athlete like I deserve because of you.  I am making the profession respectable because all kinds of people are going into politics because they never become middle class. Why would we do less? What is the biggest problem? What I am doing is good and this is bad.  If it is not good then it will be less bad. If it is not good then only bad people will go. Now why do you expect from bad people that they will do less good. Do you understand that cash in dicot is 22 oxymorons or whatever.  English term: If you want to do it to him then do it that brother you don't want you to do politics because you fool it's a dirty think ok nice dirty think if someone does then he will be dirty now he is dirty so you are having problem in him being dirty then Go and do it yourself brother because even these clean people who are going into politics are professionals and thus intelligent crowd, all these are parachute drops, these are some grassroots leaders. People who fought for Sarpanch have become big ministers. If you look at their background, they did not win the elections, they did not belong to the university, then the normal man thinks that if he is an intellectual type then he is going to the Rajya Sabha.  If the people are caste from the second route, then this Lok Sabha route will not be possible for us, it will be possible in the coming time, I want to do in my next channel that a normal good person like you should set up a political party.  Make a candidate and I will tell you the method, the channel has just started, you are a good doctor, your name is Chinese professional, you have goodwill, you have a small social circle, you are in a good city and you want a ticket, then I will show you the method, because politics will also change a lot, such political nobody is like this.  GUARANTEED OF GETTING TICKET IF YOU SEE LAST TIME How many people have got ticket in Lok Sabha, then you can also get it, it is not necessary that you have to be only up to the level, it means you have got the feeling. No rogue type image and so many people and that kind of dabang dabang hood dabang no no normal people are also burning depend on state tu state the difference in local politics is not like this but it is chase how do I leave it starting in this video Let's take water, friend, all this is useless, so let us stand up for something good, fighting elections today, which is called independence, vote and get the votes cut, say no one's cut, and that one, that one, the passion from within. You will also come to know that it is as difficult to get votes as the politicians do. You will get the realization that your family also has 10 votes, so they probably did not read you. Out of those, two of yours may have been cheated. I know that you are a blindly disrespectful politician.  Understand that the difficult entry barrier is very low for anyone, you can fight the election. If you have knowledge then please write how much is the security deposit in MP elections. How much is the security deposit in Ma's election and on how many votes is it confiscated? If he does not come, how much is his security, how much is his security? Keep it only so that if he does not contest all the elections, tell me how much is it and how many people can pamper him.  To see how many have this kind of money to do something like this, please tell me, okay, I will make the content very interesting, the content is like this, it is not the content and don't think further. If it doesn't make any difference, then I have no use, it means that things will be seen moving in the society, you people will have a lot of fun, okay, so please watch, understand, things will become more interesting and if you have not subscribed to the channel, then subscribe.  And whatever possibilities become open to you, don't think that it couldn't have happened like this, you don't know them yet, Abhishek Bachchan's first came in it on Time, if you remember, it was the idea of ​​​​making money through UPI till then.  UPI had not come, if you remember, the audience is small in the past, well, time seemed to him like this thank you idea, money reached, money reached and he did not have time, but the idea came, you never nobody can stop and I am an idea in this time.  Come and I have gone so in history, come in time and let this bill happen and the public will enjoy, the politicians have already come on YouTube. If you have noticed, this is a very big middle. You will see this in six to eight months, the election will be uploaded on YouTube, this news channel of India is going to thank you as much as Chillam Chilli does and the audience of YouTube is being seen live on YouTube because of this, you will write this comment, one more thing. I am posting in the comment area of ​​Telegram group because I get voting on it. In Telegram, if you join by subscribing, I also get live survey and voting on many things. Big news channels cast 700 votes and then tell whether the speech was good or bad. By just taking these 700, I am 100% sure, otherwise I will get more than 700 votes in 10-15 days.  Within my thoughts, I too will be a person of thousand votes. Whatever vote you cast on whether I should do this step or not, okay, so please, I have a humble request to you all. On the request to all of you, please join that Telegram group, you may not be the person in it, but the person with the message will have a survey type in it, what do you think, then there will be a choice in it, so you can make the choice like this, then live, I will get the choice and  The interaction we have will be very cool and I will tell you that brother, I asked this and got the answer, my opinion is actually like this but if it is from people's opinion then it will be even more fun South Indian.  The audience is this also Dear North East Ordinance This brother is the kid of the audience is the brother I have a bill request which of you please make it interesting Way bill change about India What is going on, enough is enough, okay enough, time has passed, now is the time for me Tell me the dialogue is fine, a lot of time has passed on the channel, now the time for action is fine and the platform will become such that it will be fun, you will bill all this platform which is my subscriber.  He will feel that yes, something is happening, nor is it happening comfortably, nor is it going in the sun, there is no post, there is no commotion, read it, it is happening with great love and by love we mean absolutely true, we do not say bad words to anyone, we just take names.  Otherwise, what is the meaning? What can be better than this? Only love and affection will be spread. Clarity will be spread that friend, there can be such a thing, there is power, this can also be explained, thank you very match.