Hello friends, we will discuss the Pune Porsche case, now we will say that this has become very old, this one lasts for two-three hours, the news lasts for two-three days, this one lasted for four-five days, now what is going to tell on this, this is the thing, when everyone  After all that was to be said and heard has been done, I have to say one thing which was not discussed and this is what happens in our country that any such incidents, accidents and these situations are superfish and do not go deep into discussion.  The country moves ahead after finding a bad solution, so now let's revisit that case because there was a lot of demand for it, earlier I did not come again because the news would be bad and old, otherwise it would not have come, then let us discuss that case. A person from Pune.  This is a rich family, there is a builder family, there their own child, who is not an adult, we know about that case, this case has happened all over India, this unfortunate two people were drunk in the night, their death was from an IT person, it is very unfortunate, now beyond this, he  to be punished  It should not have happened, it should not have been tried, it should not have happened, then mother changed the blood sample, grandfather did it there, then father influenced him, he ran away, arrested him, did this, see, the law was very simple, beyond that  There was nothing to be done to him, people, he said that it was written like this, then let's talk about changing the law, we told everyone to see that even Rahul Gandhi ji and other politicians took advantage of it to show that the rich are spared.  Look, the law is the same in the Nirbhaya incident, which was an unfortunate incident which is known to everyone in the country, the juvenile who was below 18 years of age was the one who did most of the crime, I don't want to go into its details.  I myself get disturbed to talk like that but he was not the child of a rich man, he was the child of a poor person and he had committed a despicable act, this is also a very wrong mistake and it is never necessary to compare two crimes.  A good thing is fine but there too he was left out but he was not left out there by seeing it like this, by going to the correction home and doing all that, whatever is their system but the law is the same, so first of all analyze it that the rich and the poor are not like that, it is like this.  This is wrong, now a new law is being imposed, when this video is being made from July 1, it is being seen as new, what has changed in it, what do we have to change, then beyond this, we have to talk about deep rooted things that these are such things. How will we discuss about it so that it does not happen again? First of all, I would like to discuss two or four things, these are the vehicles that run so fast, because we are talking about the issue of brakes in the Porsche car, it is a very sensitive car, how the speed thrills, what is the speed. I have a good idea of ​​how addictive it is, how much more than R at 300 kms, put 350 on it, how it feels on the ground at 350 kms, I have a good feel for it and what else.  Reaction time, I am not saying that it was running at 3500, it was running at a low speed, you know that such fast cars do not run, but some things, how is that thrill on the ground and what is the reaction time and how addictive it is.  And I realize how powerful a person feels from within. I am saying this that these vehicles should be banned in India because we neither have roads nor manners nor do we have the loss for I will tell you under the example that in this, now I look at the fault of that family, it is the fault of that child, it is the fault of the father, the law is already taking cognizance of it, but now we will discuss that which is not being talked about, that is the biggest thing.  It is the government, why do you import cars? No, even the rich people go out and drive them. You have not made the roads suitable for driving in India. There is no eco system for these vehicles and if anyone drives a car, he will drive it for the feeling, so much so.  What is the example that if there is a personal weapon for self-protection, it has one make, it is a pistol, a revolver, of such a bore, it has such a capacity, it has so much capacity, the government gives you a license on it, at any time the government gives you a 47.  They don't give license for 47 because they say that why do we need a 47, this weapon is for the army, for the security forces, because what else is this, this is a very dangerous thing for us.  Example: You will get a license to fly a small plane, a big plane in India, an air bus, this or that, but you cannot say that in a Russian country, many fighter planes are available for Rs 1015 crores, so if you buy them for resale, you will get Rs 15 crores from there.  I have brought this fighter plane, give me the license, I will fly the fighter, I will go from one Mac to Mac, you cannot do this, there is no such rule because it is not allowed, so they should also do the same.  These vehicles will have to be included in this category because man can live without vehicles and without them man can go from one place to another, so these are the fancy vehicles, it is only in these that we see most of the accidents at night and accidents during the day. You must have seen that they happen in many vehicles, some trucks also collide with buses, there are accidents with scooters too, they happen with big Creta too, they happen with Scorpio too, all of them happen with vehicles but which happen overnight. That we listen to these on dark nights at 1:12 am, so brother, this runs for the thrill and thrill speed thrills but kills and unfortunately in this case something bigger will kill anyone, that is a systematic problem which the government is facing.  Have to say that after this case we will stop these vehicles, he is a rich man, now if you want someone to run a cruise ship then go and get married in Italy where  Do what you want, run your boat in the sea, don't bother us here brother, you have so much wealth, it is like this, it is jumping, wealth is jumping like this, banging like this, buy a house like this, put expensive tiles, put stones, okay buy diamonds and pearls. But stop these cars, stop all the cars, now whoever has that much money, then go to a foreign country, buy it, stay there, do you have a taste for India, just to show off, what have you said?  Kudi kah di pehle jaguar le lu phir kina marzi pyaar le lu songs are made up ji Kudi is saying that first you know buy jagar gadi then you can take as much love as you want Yeh to hamare songs hai ji to hume meaning Jaguar aayegi  So then Kudi means the one you are seeing and showing and running it is a recipe. Yes, there is no maturity for disaster. We are as a country. Now there will be a rich man in it, he will be mature.  If it would be good then we can't take risk. Majority is like this because he had hired a driver but the driver handed him over to Baba, Baba pressed his vehicle, he had drunk liquor separately. Now comes the second thing which was not discussed in this case. All the pubs are there, they pay taxes by suppressing them. Again, the government earns money by suppressing the license fees, tax on liquor, so if you know that there is a pub and you will go there and drink liquor, then the park next there is  If it is a lot or a mall or if the shopping is complex, then why can't you appoint a liquor checker there to ensure that the driver passing through is not drunk, a policeman or any security person or  Why can't some mechanism be put in place because we know that scandals have happened, the first thing I want to ask is whether you can drink alcohol in a pub or drink it in your home but people don't let you drink it at home or people don't let you drink it, friend, friend, hi, hello, this.  so you said  It is 11 o'clock in the night and then 12 or 2 o'clock, you have made it because the revenue comes, yes you say that it is a society, enjoy it, do it, but brother, put the check there, not there, he will leave with the money even after putting his face there. So there is a CCTV camera and at least some person will be caught and there will be a scandal if he knows that I left someone like this and it will be recorded and if his car meets with an accident in the future then I will go to jail because I have been here for 18 years. Below  The child will be released anyway because he has not done anything wrong, hey he has not done any wrong, I want to ask this from the point of view of the parents, if you have installed a mechanism by making a driver, but if your child is missing from home at night, then he must not be doing any good work.  At that time, what is he doing in the form of social service? This shows on the parent hood what a guilty feeling you have because it has been seen many times that I will not speak of not taking information about this family and brushing it off against all the rich people.  I will talk about general and specific  I will not speak, but many times the parents themselves are so engrossed in enjoyment that they have no moral right left, they become so stubborn to stop their children from doing anything and giving these cars as gifts to them and running them is due to some old guilt of theirs.  Or due to lack of parenting, it happens that I can't give you time, so I will give you a car. You have to see that if you do such a thing, then only this scandal will happen. It is like I told the example that  You cannot buy and operate fighter aircraft. In this country, you cannot keep AK47 because it is not allowed. Similarly, put these vehicles in the same category. These vehicles are very sensitive, very sensitive to everything, their acceleration is very accelerating. 0 to  100 0 to 150 goes very quickly and it cannot be controlled by very good drivers because it is a big and different type of vehicles.  This and this, if given to a child, then it becomes the icing on the cake. Then that means for it to be like that, it means that it has become a recipe for disaster. That is an event. One night time, a spoiled child went uncontrolled in the car and  That couple on a motorcycle, were they wearing helmets? The couple is gone, their soul is gone, so now we can't blame them, but I have to ask a genuine thing, did they go shopping at night on the motorcycle or did they too?  Did they go to the pub or were they also drunk? No, you leave them, I don't want to leave them, Baba, it is their fault, but sometimes what happens when you are walking on the road, when you have to face the consequences of someone else's fault in life.  You also have to be catered for because if your life is yours, we will collide on the road. When you are crossing the road, will you not look left and right thinking that the next person will hit the brake? If on this theory, every person crosses the road, then he  Ca n't be safe for more than two months because at some point a person will come whose brakes won't apply, so whenever you have to cross the road, you are blaming them, so look at him, the child of the rich, the children of the rich and hate the rich.  Doing it is on default setting, if you want to do it then do it also middle class lower middle class because in this we get the good thing that there is no benefit in becoming rich even after becoming rich the values ​​are bad that this is a different thought process beyond which there is discussion.  It did not happen that when the rich  When a child does something, how much fun it is that he gets caught. The case of Shahrukh Khan ji's son, how many people tried it later and nothing came out of it, but yes, parents, they don't have time, we are the only ones who are good.  We are middle class, we are good, this is also a psychology of the society which tells us that in this case, we are not looking for solutions, we are not looking for solutions, the car should not be there, that car was running without registration and such a fast car, India.  someone worth walking in  There is no space, we are roads, we are not ok, the traffic is not ok, our discipline is not ok, we can't just drive, our ecosystem can't handle these cars, it will be a foreign system, tell them, will we import? No, that tax.  The duty of the government is to consume money, the government to consume liquor and the government will come and say what should we do then and then we have to leave this also because the law  It is written in it - Brother, I am raising this big thing from you for the safety of my life and property. There is a government and the government is the state government, it is the central government, it is their boss, we are the citizens of India, we are the public, we have to say protest now.  What has to happen is that we don't want vehicles on the road and if the rich are so adamant about driving these vehicles here at night and after doing this then brother, let them be ready on the footpath too.  Then people say that the footpath is not a place to sleep, but the footpath is not a place to drive, people will sleep on the footpath, that too the government cannot control because poverty is not a bus, neither can it control them and then in the court.  Do you know what happens, what kind of laws are there, if a person has not consumed alcohol and has a license, then it remains as it is and when the driver changes, who becomes the driver, you know, many famous acts and What kind of accidents have we seen, then the matter is that brother, whenever someone comes out of a pub, he is not there to drink pomegranate juice, then if all of them are friends, then all of them will come drunk and there is no driver or they have asked the driver to drive.  If the vehicle is not provided, then the athlete leaving the premises should be checked and the facility there should be mandatory that there should be an Uber Rolla type facility or a driver's facility or that he will drive.  Or you will go in a taxi, leave your car here, bonfire will not be done, this much tax is earned through these pubs, this can be done comfortably, a person will be charged with the duty, if he is a government employee then brother, he should have 25,30,35,400 Haj tanka.  If someone else is there, then maybe your duty will be reduced further. As soon as their backs open, you put the person on your duty. If people's lives are saved from this, discipline will come and challan will be issued. Because whoever is caught should be fined, a big challan. If you are sitting on the steering wheel of a drunkard's car, then Rs. 50 of the cost of the car should be recovered from you. Then, brother, if it is a car worth Rs. 1 crore.  Will give 30 lakh rupees, only when such law comes, will it happen? If there is a car worth 10 lakh rupees, then give 1 lakh rupees. A car worth less than 3.4 lakh rupees is not available. Nowadays, in my opinion, there is a challan of 30 4 Haj or when and this.  Will it be executed otherwise give me your iPhone, give me your car, give me a car, a car can be bought at Rs. 10 at any time, any car will be sold at Rs. 10 at cost, the car is confiscated, the license is confiscated and other things in this case.  What can happen in such a case and what laws should be made? This child should not get a license to drive in his life. Now he will never be able to drive a car. Say, Brother, you are done, you did not go to jail because your laws were like this. Nothing happened like that, but now you don't have the right, you ca n't do this thing, that is, a doctor can be very negligent and tell him, son, do operation after operation or he is a pilot, his license also gets lost if you fail to land.  If you mess up and something happens, there is a scandal and an inquiry and it is found out that you are guilty then your license is also lost. It is not just that you have made a mistake. Do it again. No, you have to be every buddy has to be.  Very true, the license is absolutely valid, if there is any negligence on the part of the person or especially after drinking the liquor, then it is complete negligence. If something happens then keep following the rest of the legal process, the judiciary and the Parliament will change that, but at least do one thing, this is administrative.  There is a control that brother, he will not get the license. If you agree, then tell me, I have found out four or five things, one of which is that the children of the poor do nothing by reserving the middle class. Let me tell you, speaking in India would sound a bit like that children of the poor, there are more crimes in the poor section. Yes no, that is a statistic, why what is the reason, because there are more poor and more rich.  If there are less people, then their crimes will be less. That is one and incentive incentive. I am saying that the chances of losing it are very high. If you become rich, your public image goes away, everything goes with the money.  If people come at you then this is the nature, I am saying that the middle class has to be removed, secondly, security guards have to be installed in front of the pub, thirdly, stop bringing this vehicle and public opinion and that, I told you that even up to Rs 300.  If you go, it takes a lot of effort, even go to 300, 350 control environment and that means when the ground rushes so fast and you become like this in the seat because of such acceleration.  Indians cannot handle all these things. This is my firm belief on the roads and this should not happen. We do not have such roads anywhere where you can drive these vehicles, there is no security there, there is no one on the big highways.  A car will come, a dog will come, a cow will come, a buffalo will come, we are somewhere else, we are not there in our country, we cannot insure that kind of issue, there is no need for us to make it, so this was the message.  The message was please share like thank you very much