Hello friends, interesting topic, I am enjoying a lot on this channel, I am enjoying a lot, very good comments are coming and I am telling things in a different way, without taking any stress, my political affiliation changes in every video, which helps me.  I feel good, sometimes I become a devotee, sometimes I become this, sometimes I become that, witch is very good, you must have seen today's topic, I will change the whole house, I put these topics with all my heart so that not many people see them.  Earlier, I had also posted a topic about armed forces etc. People said that you could have posted the whole topic, why did you write like this, this is more of that after asking, yes, I just asked after asking, many people do not want to attract like this which is very bad.  There are people with short circuits, I am saying again and again, this channel is for people who have stagnation, whose bread, clothes, house is fine, everything is fine, which is called in Hindi, it is fine, you can sit comfortably and discuss this.  to discuss  I am also telling you that those who don't have the right come and write something like this, then you would laugh a lot that which content creator would tell so openly, okay then let's discuss today, I will change the whole house and one  Asrani ji's advertisement used to come many years ago. It used to come in the advertisement of some bulb. Now the party which is in power, look at the elections of Rajasthan, look at the MPs, all the MPs are putting it in and that means all the old leaders are there. I am enjoying seeing this big change taking place because it looks powerful and has a purpose. One thing becomes clear from this that the election of MP is set i.e. it is not MP i.e. Madhya Pradesh but Member of Parliament there. If you have the guts to stand, then show your MLA by winning. Local politics comes into play and faces change there. So many MPs have been removed from within Rajasthan too and the cards of big leaders have been cut off, Maharani ji.  Of  It has been cut in a way, now what will happen from this and time will see whether the party is bigger or the personality is bigger and this is a risk and this risk is related to taping ability and every time there is a new strategy in the match like there was a new strategy in the cricket match, there was a World Cup of 92.  If you guys have seen at that time, Martin Crowe was the captain of New Zealand. If you remember, he did two things in that World Cup. Tell me, I bring back such old memories with such fondness and love.  Let me explain, only those who stay will enjoy this, this is poetry, this is a poet's conference, you don't have to be that person in it, they did two things in it, they marked the great batch and by doing one Patel, the bowler, meaning the great batch had started pinching the tongue, fours and sixes came in the first overs.  It was seen there once when it has become normal these days. Okay, in 96, then in Sri Lanka, Kaal Rat and Jayasuriya followed him, but that first thing came in 92. Starting the bowling with St. G and spinner. If not the first over spinner, there was always a fast bowler, so this is the one from the ruling party who is also called Chanakya with whom I share the name because he is very accomplished, so I share the name with him.  My first name is fine, I share it with them, so I feel very respected by this thing because this is the fun of what is going on because the other grand old party of mine does not do that with them, no, they say that is also corruption.  is here and there too  Leaders also keep going, they don't get away from them so quickly, this is what I like about the Nobody is Indispensable type of approach, will you tolerate the nonsense and in this, brother, vote on two or four paisa, even if the leader whom you are cutting leaves, left and right.  So it can cost you the election despite the fact that this is being done. It feels good that there are such things in politics in our country because ultimately the country also changes with this thinking. Somewhere you will have to take risks, you cannot hang on to the old days and now we have to enjoy, we also have to see whether the leader who was pretending to be a bully is there or not or is calling the bluff, then as an audience, I will call us as an enjoyed audience because if  If you are not voting in Rajasthan, then you are just the audience, what is coming on the media and the news that is coming on the people there, what will they do such decision making for them, now what does that leader do, in 7071 year the leaf is cut. Now new leadership comes, new people get a chance, so it is good to see, what happens from this is that if you look at the long term, then we can also go in the American way, Republican-Democratic, where parties also have that importance and people.  Changes keep happening very quickly, otherwise it was like this, if you enter politics then brother, all of them are till 85 years of age and they will dominate now, that is, if you also want, those who are listening to me and the normal political way. If you want to go to India, then you can reach these parties. If you work, your image is good and you have it, then it is a good thing. In this, what is called entry barriers have been removed because it is not that he is sitting, he is sitting. He will remain because look, that mattress and the leader will not move unless the place is moved, that line will not move, it has been sitting there for 40 years, so if we get bored here, even if he removes it this time, then this one will go here, this one will go here. it  Paplu will fit here, if he goes here, then everyone's movement starts. Okay, so this is what will be the disadvantages, what will be the advantages, the elections are being held in November, the results will be out by December. Those who have not subscribed to the channel, Subscribe There is a motive to change the whole house. If you see in the cabinet of our poet Prime Minister of the ruling party, you saw that I don't take names even after asking, while everyone knows everything, this is a way of talking normally.  Many people think that no no aise tu yehi shanti hai the moment you start taking names, like in my comment section people start taking names of leaders, don't take it friend, it is not a matter of being afraid, the thing is that friend is in relaxation mode. Why do you have to live like this, he is like this, he is bad, he is good, this is good, he is good, he is bad, he is not good, then you come and contest the elections, no, I only comment from a distance, yes, it is only for me. Thoughts come that I cannot go and do it myself. Our poet who was the Prime Minister, those who were in his cabinet, now only one or two are left, that is, complete change has taken place and there will be change in the future too and when he used to say that those who are in the ruling party,  There is an organization which supports this party. That organization also has no relevance to the ruling party. When the poet Prime Minister lost the election, it was said that there was not much support for this organization at that time.  The political party that was in power, the Prime Minister, had 1.5 crore workers and these people were one, I am telling the ratio, the ratio was 1 1.5 as an example, so the relevance of this organization was very high because there were two workers for every three.  There were also people who were a different organization, which is an ideal organization, now the ratio is 1 29, now the workers of the political party have become so many, the people from the ruling party are so many.  It has become so much that their idol does not have that much value in actual. You people know that everyone will respect this thing but it cannot harm them in practice. Earlier the idea had a lot of power. What is the name of the organization based on ideology?  You can write that when I ask questions, you can write, don't write the names of people unnecessarily, you can write about the organization, so this one had a lot of power and this was a party and the party was a little like this.  Now it has happened like this in the numbers, it has not increased so much over the period of 20 years, these numbers have been these numbers, they have increased 10, 11, 12 times, they have increased a lot, so there is a lot of mismatch in the numbers, you are understanding that the whole story is being done as if  It is being organized and is going on very well. As a political observer with opinion, this is not a neutral opinion but an independent opinion. Let us move ahead.  Let's go, this neutral opinion has been misused a lot. How can there be a neutral opinion? If anything is there, it is good or bad. What mistake do people make of it being neutral? They say that if it is telling what it is, then it is not neutral.  No no no, we have to say that we are independent, in some things the ruling party will be praised, in some things the opposition will be praised, in some things we will be praised, but it is being praised, so how can it be a neutral opinion?  He has an opinion but he is independent. It is not that I love the leader of a party. If I want to vote for a party then I will definitely hate it and I will not like it at all and this makes sense.  If he is speaking sense then I will not promote him and if he is speaking some nonsense then I will not call him out. Brother, I will vote for him but I am saying that I cannot ask questions to the person I am voting for, isn't it? more than that  You should ask brother, I have voted for you, I have a contract for that, it is useless, it is good, it is bad, I have given it to you, why are you doing such a thing, answer me, I am your voter, the answer is that it is everyone's public in the public space.  But more accountability lies with my core voter who likes my content and has been connected with me for a long time. If you have not understood anything or I am there for you.  Some?  I talked here and there and you didn't understand, then it is my responsibility to explain that thing to you, the one who does n't like me at all, the one who doesn't like my looks, why should I keep explaining to him, you don't like me at all. Friend, you may be mine, but you may have understood 90 things of mine, but if you did not understand 10 things, if you felt something bad, then I will say that this was within reason, even after that I will say that it is okay, it may be that some cook fed you for 10 days.  I liked nine. If I didn't like one then forgive me. Let's move ahead. Consume whatever you like. But politics is changing. It is changing in the best way. It is fun and we have to enjoy this fun. We should not take any stress in it.  There should be a lot of political discussion in this country if this country has to move forward but what do we do, we do not know how to discuss, what we do is create political debate, what is there in political debate, you say, this party is good, I said this party  Is it good  We made a lot of noise on news channels like ' At the End of It', you still left the same party saying good things and you came back doing this thing of mine, then what is the benefit, I mean, why do you have to debate then, I am its devotee.  Both are devotees of it, both are of their own, there is no change to be had, if there is to be a change of opinion, then what is the use of debating, this is what is happening, we do not want to debate, we have to do it, we have to say it like this, this is how we have come here.  you are not here  These people are calling you here that you are mine, you like my words, you are mine, come here, don't fight, we don't want to see you, you make a show, what do you have to say, what do you have to offer to speak and you discuss and this  Why are presidential type debates like the ones held in the US or not in India? These are your anchors, why are they debating? Why don't the big leaders come and discuss this? Why are the spokespersons debating?  Why ca n't we go to the template? That's something we need to think about. Okay, so please comment. Share how you feel about this new development. And as a political observer, please look at it carefully and understand.  Thank you very much