Jai Shri Ram friends, today on this auspicious day, congratulations to all the subscribers, there is a feeling of joy from within, but if you observe on social media and in general, then there are some people who are a bit angry and are not enjoying that much. I would like to say that Ram ji belongs to everyone, many people feel that some special thing has hijacked it and today beyond that I want to give clarity and comfort to my subscribers.  I want to give clarity. You tell me whether you got it and whether you agree or not. Many political parties are in opposition to this and say that it has become a political event. A religious event has been made political. Even the religious people are somewhat angry. If both of them are interpreted in the wrong way then I think.  It is being approached, there should be a third word, now the first two words are there, is this a political event, is this a religious event, is this a ridge, but it has been made political, I want to say this.  If you look at it this way, 8,000 people have come. If you look at it this way, it is a cultural event. We can also talk about culture. Why do we have to give everything a political or religious mask? Ram ji belongs to everyone, so many.  After years, a real estate issue has been resolved, finally Ram Lalla has got his residence, now it will be good for everyone and this country, I should look at this period like this and others who do not say so, it is also a very old one.  The dialogue is Nand Magadh, Ram is not Magadha, there is bound to be resentment towards Ram Ji, there can be resentment towards Political Party and Idol Ji, if not towards Ram Ji, Ram Ji, then meaning Rome is in Rome, within the culture of this country, there is respect for everything else.  It is within the culture and I don't think that there is even a single human being in our country India, I have got anything against, meaning Ram ji means anything, it is different from who organizes the event. Who is having a birthday party, who is doing this, who is doing that, if all this is understood, then I will say today, Respective of which side you sit, Adalaj has his own place, light a lamp, celebrate, it is a happy occasion, a festival of happiness.  It is a festival of joy. I want to do a little bit from my side to increase this joy and keep it sustainable. I invite you to a webinar at 7:30 pm for my subscribers.  You will find a telegram group in the comment section, that Guruji from Gurugram, you can join it, there you will get the zoom link till 7:00 pm, we will discuss for an hour, discuss over tea or over water, whatever you want to say.  At 7:30 we will discuss how to bring happiness in life. Okay, this happiness is happiness, all this is fleeting. Okay, happiness is sustainable. If you want happiness in life, then listen comfortably for an hour and would like to listen like a satsang. By the way, listen, you want to make notes, listen to notes with your family, listen with mother, if father is there, husband, children, elder children, then please everyone come, everyone listen, it will be very enjoyable, we will connect at 3:30 and some queries of you people will also be answered.  It will be a great day again, congratulations and congratulations to everyone and what else can we say, good wishes and religious tourism will take off in India, there will be a lot of growth in GDP and we  You will discover yourself, I have many videos on Ayodhya before, I had earlier made one on real estate, 2 years ago I had said that it will increase 10 times and I was happy because it became 12 14 times, I was one of the first one as soon as the ruling came.  Thi I made it for my subscribers on Sango live session that brother, take it now when people will take it and from today onwards the rates will increase. Whatever is the rate today will also increase from today onwards and my request to the government. Ayodhya ji will become very good for giving income to the people by the representatives of the government. There is a request to Yogi ji also in the next two-three years and government, anyone can listen to the video and it is not that the video should get 10 crore likes only then.  If you understand the idea then someone should put three things in someone's mind and in Ayodhya ji, if you people also want one IIT, one IM and one IIT IM and one AIIMS, all three things because religious.  Tourism will increase and along with it, medical tourism will also happen. If you are coming by plane to have darshan of Lord Ram, if you are suffering from any disease then you should have your own AIIMS. Well, the local people will definitely get benefited by having hospitals and big educational institutions.  IIT IM is called AIIMS, it is also for education, doctors are also taught there, so all three are engineers, doctors, management people and there are some such institutions.  They can come, big business houses can come, manufacturing can come, everything can come and as much local handicraft work is done, clothing work, jewelery work is local, all this should also come in my opinion, let's Ayodhya ji increase our hours.  GDP by few percentage on a sustainable basis, I want to explain the rough mathematics to you guys, if you understand the mathematics, I will make a video on that mathematics later, today.  The video was ok, very good mathematics, ok and that's what I'll leave for further so let's meet today at 7:30 pm most of you if not all of you find time join the telegram group and link will be there  By 7 PM and all of you are invited thank you very much