Hello friends, you must have seen and heard that the government has made a good amendment in the indexation on real estate, this is the idea I was giving through my videos, so better sense has prevailed, you can say thank you to the government, okay  Many people are telling me that Guru Ji you made a video, your words are heard, it is fun to create such misunderstandings, if people listen then it is a good thing brother, okay then I would like to give another suggestion to Modi Ji on Republic Independence Day Brothers and sisters, if you want a speech then I will tell you a very good thing that if it is heard, I do not have any guarantee, it is something like I said something and it happened, so what has happened within the indexation, yes, once beyond that, if  Many of you don't know this, so let me tell you that now you can choose whoever has bought before 23rd July, the property owner who is new, there is benefit in going to the one at 20 with long term capital gain tax or indexation If it happens then many people will call it English  I also follow the grandfathering system so that whatever comes, I am surprised that the government changes such a basic thing after hearing it from people like us. It is difficult for me to digest this because I think that no, friend.  Friend, they must be smart people and if it is like that then it is a big lack of a channel friend that if it is like such a simple thing or it was like something that had to be done to shock and off because if they had brought it in the first place then the confusion would have gone away so much because  The sentiments of real estate have definitely taken a hit, confusion has been created. By creating confusion, anyone who is thinking of selling his property and buying it will think that my liability has increased, what should I do now, so why do the government do this, why so much  Why are the officials in the government so casual? Why don't they do such higher order thinking? This could have been done earlier as well, but it has been done now. It is also a great blessing that better sense prevails and the opposition also has a role to play in this. People also have a role to play, the public also has a role to play, I say that we all should love our government from within and should look at it like this and should tell them that we will also talk about you, sometimes we can say it in excitement as well  The government should be like our parents and listen to us because we are genuine citizens, many times see, in the opposition, many times it happens to vote for votes and create an atmosphere like this, but as you people must have realized in my channel, it is not my aim My aim is not to make Congress win by saying anything to the government here. I am not here to make the opposition win. I have not taken the contract of the opposition. The opposition should be strong. The opposition should also ask questions and whoever is in the government should ask questions.  If tomorrow the opposition government comes to power then questions will be asked from them, this thing should be ours, the government is just the service provider for us and if it takes any decision for us it is something like this, I tell people very simply that if your society  If RW is How do you treat him? The government also has to be treated in the same way. Do not have to fight with them forcefully, but if they are bringing some rules which affect your life, then you should go and give them a memorandum and tell them like that. Now we are here with the video  We tell people through this medium that how to go about it, we make them aware so that an environment is created and the officers in the government watch the videos and there is no point in taking credit, if the right thing happens, someone heard it from me, someone heard it from someone else.  I heard, what difference does it make? There should be dialogue, there should not be any dispute in the country. Dialogue is important, who is saying is not important, what is being said is very important, so a better sense prevailed, a feeling of great positivity came and it feels good when people say  Yes, many times I get frustrated, sometimes make good videos, make all this, people say hey Guruji, you have written it very well, but who is going to listen to it, it is not the case that people are going to listen, there is motivation, people listen and repeat something again and again. Speak logically, speak with love, speak without any wrong feelings  Do not say anything with an intention to insult, do not say anything with an intention to cut someone's vote, do not say anything with the intention of making someone else win, without alteration meaning that if you have any agenda other than the one you are showing, this is called altered agenda, agenda. So it will always be like whenever I come and discuss any policy, any decision, any law of the government, then as a citizen, if I am facing any problem, then through my platform I can inform my fellow citizens.  I want to address this and send a message through the comment section that my dear government please listen, if we feel like this, this is our feedback, otherwise keep giving feedback from where, feedback is given like this, yes it will happen through social media and many more  It is a good method and the government has a lot of appreciation that citizens can say such things and can do that, there is no ulterior agenda and even those people from the government often tell me that hey you say such things and you have such fears.  I don't feel this way, friend, I don't feel afraid because there is really no agenda  There is no reverse agenda of any kind, it is just a happy agenda that we will talk logically, we have our beloved country, we have our beloved government, we have our beloved opposition, we have our beloved Indians, we have our beloved people of India, and we do n't talk about sweet things.  By explaining in a harsh way, if something becomes good then why not, why not, it is such a good thing, a lot of positivity will come from this, in the sentiment of realism, people can easily choose because many examples have been given in it  There was a problem with the things that were going on, I had done a lot of that privately in my workshop webinars, I did not do it publicly because there is no benefit in giving so much free knowledge publicly, on the contrary there is trolling and those who want to listen, they come separately.  You can also take the membership of the channel. I am putting a lot of effort in creating content for this channel. There is no cost involved in it but if you want to enjoy good journalism as a content consumer, as Shekhar Gupta ji says, then this channel  you can take membership of  It gives motivation, there are quite a few members but if I do n't ask for them, they don't come, other channels also have them, the fees of this channel is very low, that is an incentive and whenever a membership crosses a level, then there is something different for the members.  Discussion from Chai Pe Charcha Chai Pe Charcha is the name of the membership. You can get Chai Pe Charcha Membership by pressing the join button. If you like the channel, it helps in the growth of the channel and also in its mission to reach out to more audience. A medium is created when there are youtube2 members as well, then you are a good boy, okay, then it also comes on youtube3, so this is also a way, if you like it, okay, its fee is 100 rupees, you can click and see it  Okay, so real estate will do well and what are the other things? Through this video, I want to ask my subscribers what are their issues so that by making videos on them, we can tell the government about those issues without creating a lot of noise and without getting too excited.  Without  You are rude because in the government too, there are officers, politicians, ministers, why won't they do what they can, my approach has always been that whatever is not benefiting the country or the political party, it is not benefiting the people.  Why should we do something that is not beneficial? Someone should benefit from it. Normally, the country should benefit from everything, right? But what happens many times is that the country is not benefiting that much, the people are not benefiting, politics has to be done for that.  Even then, smart people like us understand that it's okay, political parties are getting some benefit, vote bank politics is happening, let's do it, if there is no vote bank politics in India, then where will the vote bank politics happen, but many times  What is it that no one is getting any benefit, so when no one is getting any benefit and he gets that work done, then it is a fool's work and neither the people of the country are fools nor the government of the country, no one is foolish, everyone is good. Then why should such a thing be done, so I hope this video was a feedback video to you, feedback of feedback  If you want to give any feedback on this, then put it in the comment section that brother, it does make a difference, it does make a difference and you guys saw it and I want to promise that preparations must be going on for Modi ji's 15th August speech, the speech has just come.  There is nothing, we do not know what will happen, first of all coming and speaking about it, telling and explaining it is a very good thing, I feel like saying something for Modi ji that brother, if someone in PMO hears it  The speech writer is sitting there, Modi ji himself is there so who knows he might listen to it, okay so who knows what might happen from that, who knows it was already happening, who knows it might get clicked, who knows the attention might go there, so if you want that why me, we  We cannot give advice to our Prime Minister, we are citizens of the country, what is the problem, you can also give it, yes, okay, if you give it then you should definitely give it because there will be no benefit in dividing yourself into factions that I am against this, I am against this  I am a pro and I am here, I am there, we have to move ahead, we have to move ahead in our personal life and wherever we  If there is an obstacle in the family, if there is a child and he faces hurdles, the father has to plead to the mother that we are stuck here, we are stuck here, save us, take us forward, whatever happens, we are the little babies of this government, what problem do we have to face?  If you want a toffee or a chocolate, then there should be no problem in asking for it. Who knows, the government might listen and you might get the chocolate and toffee that you were asking for. You can definitely get it. So, I want to make that video. It is very deep inside me.  It will be made only if you guys write in the comment section. So write 15th August in the comment section. Brothers and sisters, who knows, some magic might happen on 15th August. Thank you very much.