Hello friends, reservation is a very important topic and an emotional topic, we all agree that today I am going to tell you such a clear and interesting thing about reservation that a lot of pain is going to go away. After this video, the pain on reservation will be reduced for many people. You can be of two types of people, whether you are in a position to take advantage of reservation or can take advantage of it or not, there are only two categories and there is a third category.  If no one comes then it is very easy to tell one thing, who is suffering from reservation? Surely the one who is getting it is not, but it is very important for them to watch the video because they can also share it, they will also get perspective and those who  Brothers and sisters, if they do not get reservation and are in pain, then you must watch the video till the end, somewhere it will be fun, somewhere you will get peace, okay, let's start with those who do not get it in reservation.  Big videos are posted on this and people have their own opinion that for how long will the reservation continue, reservation should end, it is going on after so many years of independence, people do not deserve it, some people should not get it, everyone should not get it, Guruji, this is a matter of great pain.  The feeling is right in its place. There are those feelingless whose children come and speak to them like this. There are many parents too who feel like this, so we will talk about one thing that this time the reservation in elections will end and it was linked that the Constitution is a  This thing which was just a rumor will be changed. I would say that due to this rumour, the opposition has gained at least 25 to 30 seats, if not more, and the BJP has lost 25 to 30 seats, it may be more. I will tell you very soon.  I am saying this in minimum, meaning BJP could have easily touched the figure of 272. I am saying to touch, I am not saying to cross, perhaps it could have been 265-270. If this narrative had not been made, then I would have blamed it.  Why am I saying this, am I a BJP person, am I a Congressman, am I telling that this is a politically important issue, we will agree to this and no political party has the power to stop or even reduce the reservation in our country.  Now we understand the reality of reservation, it can increase, it cannot decrease, it is very good if it does not increase, but the good thing is that those who do not get it, brother, it should not increase further, it is only a matter of increasing the other way. Do the cast census, do it accordingly, give it at 85, give it here, give it there, okay, so now what about this much, watch it quietly, let it be a small video of 10-15 minutes, watch it calmly, if it is so much trouble, then something.  So it will take time to remove the problem, otherwise we accept this thing that reservation is not going to go away because why would any political party commit suicide, no one will do it, okay, let's continue until a small party is formed which can become upper caste.  Even if the caste party raises the issue of reservation and we get it dropped, the equation is such that they will not be able to win. The equation of our population is such that it is a rare case and if they win 51 seats then they can win but in Pan India.  By saying that I cannot form a government, this thing has become clear for me. So now let's talk about whether I know the people. Guru ji, there is reservation but the one at 10 has gone to EWS which is not in the reservation at 50.  it was  But if 10 go here then only 40 are left and they say, where are the 40 left? Those who are OBC General and SC/ ST like Tina Dabi ji, that type wins, that is, wins, I am saying, gets selected and he also comes here.  If they are above the cut off, then because their quota remains the same, then in practice it has become even less. Accepted that the subject of pain is also accepted, absolutely accepted, then how to reduce the pain.  This is the situation, this is the situation, I am telling this situation as it is, discuss it beyond this, it is wrong, it is bad, if you cry and wash, then who has the right to it, I want to tell you, listen carefully brothers and sisters, if there is an exam, 3 lakh children appear in it.  There are more vacancies, only those thousand vacancies are there, all the thousands are there, not 1100, out of those thousand, OBC will get it, SC will get it, ST will get it, EWS will get gold.  Those who have people will get it, everyone will get it, whatever the world, that is the size of the cake, Hajj, there is more, there is less, it becomes more, it becomes less, it is okay, but tell me, if we had ended the reservation, it would be as if some God had come and someone would have done it. Stop the reservation for 2 years, please suggest, okay then these 3 lakh children who are giving the exam will not decrease, these are 3 lakh, they will increase, the posts are also not increasing, do you know that somewhere there are only a thousand people on Haj posts.  will remain if Brothers and sisters, your rank is 1100 and coming, then what is the use of you crying? Look, the one whose rank is coming 600, 700, 800 and did not get the seat due to reservation, someone else took it, this is the reason for crying, of course I was there. Whatever was the reason for that, I will accept it, but brother, the 1001 person has no reason, this is what I am telling you, so 99000 people can't cry, somehow I want to say this if he  Out of 3 lakh, there are Scheduled Tribes and all these SC, ST, OBC all together, right? Out of 3 lakh, if there are 1.5 lakh or 1.25 lakh from General Co-Lets, then brothers and sisters, if any of you also.  Merit list will be prepared. I try to explain again. I try to explain only after taking the IAS exam because the popular exam is of UPSC. Brother, 12 people apply. Suppose 10 lakh people apply.  The exam is okay, 10 lakh people have given the exam, there are 180 seats for IAS, but all of them go up to thousands, 800 is up to 900, we round it up to 1000, the first step in that is from Prelims to Mains.  If 15000 students sit then I am taking the example of real time almost real time then if the cut off of general quota is  Lets score is 110. If you got 110 out of 200 then after clearing prelims you will get call for mains. You are fine and if you are OBC then cut off from lets is 101, 102 and went to ST. 99 and went to SC.  98 from late, now when the one from 98 becomes 99th and the one from general quota does not become 108th then the one from 108th becomes 99th.  It hurts a lot Guruji, it hurts a lot for the one who is 108 or 107 or 106, if I don't make it then someone's number comes in the general quota, 105 comes, whoever comes takes the number of 105, then 105 is more than 98 is more than that.  102 So that 105 one is there for the whole life, I am this 98 one, why didn't I go to Mains, I am more than this one.  I want to ask him, let us remove this from LETS and make a new merit list because if an OBC from general quota has got 112 marks in LETS, then if he has not taken the help of SC ST, he will be directly selected.  There will be many children also, it is okay and OBC too, if the one who has taken NEET 111, 112, then that too is not enough, he is not needed, so I want to ask this, remove your reservation from 105 seats.  If new merit list is made then you are coming in 15000, what if you are coming with 105 number, 300 40000 500, your rank is coming, 6 Haj rank is coming, then how should you stop, how should you stop, tell me how, why are you crying, how are you crying, why? You are crying, tell me, this list should be prepared, perhaps a merit list like this should be prepared, a final merit list should be prepared like this so that one feels sad and cries, but  There are only so many people who could have qualified had it not been for this reservation, you guys have made a mistake, you know what you have done that it is happening to the people of 98 and I have 105, so it becomes mine too, not yours.  Because the matter would have been settled in 100, 8.5 or 109, I am trying to say this and then the same matter goes on from 15000 to 3000 and from 3000 to 10000. And then the whole formula of IAS selection works like this. You have to cry for not getting reservation and you cannot give in to feelingless to meet someone. Who are we to speak, but brother, at least use your brain before crying.  Well done, you are so great, then you should do something else in your life, you are so good, oh this is how officers become, this is how they became, you became like this, then again you became like this, then it is okay, now I have become like this, not you, this is why  So You have taken all the contracts of the bad country, otherwise who will we take? If you become one then you will become very Chaudhary. Let's talk further and let's see. In India, Haj is above the Joint Secretary level. Whatever matter is at the Cabinet Secretary and Joint Secretary level.  What has to be done is to check among these Hajj how many SCs are there and how many STs are there? If you check the top 100 then you will know whether those who are allowed to reach Hajj or not are eligible, then it is okay. If they were not eligible then those who did not reach are fine.  Add any region, any SCST person will say that injustice is being done to us here also, there should be a quota here, no one will say that it does not happen here, now the question is that we cannot run away from statistics, which is this and that, it is everywhere. Say, I am left with five numbers. Hey brother, there were 500 more people in those five numbers. I think those who conduct exams should remove this list. Brother, look at the list.  Take out a roll number, there is your roll number and what is his/her number in the merit, that is the place where the final selection is taking place and it will be different whether SC is appearing, ST is appearing, it is appearing that but you will know your general status.  What I am saying is that how do you have the right that if this reservation is not there and you still give the exam 10 times, every time you are crying, then tell me where and how will you cry, then what will you say, then what will be the next cry?  I tell you in advance and that too, I am a poor child, I did not get that good coaching, I could have got it there or someone could have guided me. Look, crying is always there in life, this is what I want to say and I want one more thing.  I want to say that in India, you should remove all the reservations or put all the reservations, brother, everything is reserved, it is okay, for the general category, do the reservation at 10, reverse it, do the rest at 90 for the rest, okay, tell me, you are general.  If you have a category then you have 10 per cent of reservation, just come in all 10, rest 90 should be ours because this campaign will also continue, politics is happening like this, it is going in this direction, according to the census, do this, do that.  Do it brother, even then the problem of unemployment will not be there in India because of government jobs as the total number of job requirement is very minuscule if you today  If we do the calculation also, then 2, 3, will not get more than 4, Doti will not get more than Ch, and in this too, the posts of officer Ghan are very less, remove Group D, Group C, Group B, talk about Group A only whose Because many prestigious people believe what I say absolutely that one should not believe it any longer and you will get further videos on that as well, you should not believe it at all, why should you not believe it, what is happening now and what will happen in the future if you watch the video.  want to  So write down the group number because on that too I will tell you the truth, you are not being told the truth, no one is telling it, I will tell those who are running more for group A, then according to me, there is no need to cry ever in the reservation. Another thing I would like to say is that we have made the exams so tough, no one else has this much tough work, anyone can do it, it is very normal work, it is not a specialist work, if we are engineers, doctors and this course is not so difficult.  Is As difficult as the exam has become, perhaps if we create more colleges, more people will automatically get selected. Now these 23 lakh students give 1.25 lakh seats in NEET exam and 1 lakh 10 seats are around 1 lakh 20 seats.  So these seats can also be increased to two and a half lakhs. There is a genuine demand for doctors anyway, but we do not have the capacity to increase it. We do not have the faculty or facility to increase it.  As an engineer, you should make something because if you make engineers, if you make them bad, then the bridges are falling. Here, if doctors become bad, then people will start getting directly affected. This is also a problem, so that is why you cannot corrupt medical education.  There are assisting medical colleges, they have their own issues of quality. Already all the medical colleges and wherever medical is taught, you cannot call them very great, some of them are famous, some are very good, they have the pedigree, that is why.  This is the limitation of our country, we are not able to make more than that, we do not have the faculty, we do not have teachers, we do not have the infrastructure, we do not have the resources that are needed, when it comes to increasing it, it is the people at the top who take the decisions.  They say in the making that you are not able to handle it, accept that I have also opened five channels, I also want to open the sixth and seventh channel, accept it, but I am not able to handle only my five, but I am not able to handle all those channels, please post the videos on simple astrology. I am getting more, I will post it now, if you have not subscribed then subscribe, what is the use of opening more, this is also a limitation and that is the limitation of the country and we have to recognize this limitation and I am trying to get government jobs again and again.  -I say this especially to those who are my core audience. If you are studying for a government job in your family, then you are not my core audience. If you have watched the video, liked it and subscribed the channel, then  Keep doing it but I want to say that leave these government jobs for the poor people, leave them for those who are poor and if any government servant in your house, your father or mother, then please leave it. I am SC or ST.  I will also tell the brothers to leave the sisters to the brothers, I mean, this is an appeal, not a right, the right is yours, give the exam every time, pass every time, it is okay, but my appeal is that if one or two government jobs are your over period or 30.  If the year has not been able to do good to your family then it is not going to do good to you in future also pass many things and those who are officer level families where officer level people have been there, father and anyone else, those people are absolutely government.  The message is that they should not go into jobs, that is a different matter that they do not pass the exam anyway, their children also know whether it is a bitter truth or a good truth, but I am saying that you should not even make your children prepare for this.  One  The message is because leave all the jobs for the rural poor and the exploited class in the backward society. Give it to those people, they will get genuine benefit. Whatever government job they take, give it to them, they also need it because I am telling you, leave it.  I am going to watch the video in further detail, please tell me which are good families, good families or not, families with money, all are good families, all human beings are good, but according to the definition we say, good in terms of money is big.  One has to be diplomatic. These days, no one feels bad about anything. Anyone who comes from a well-to-do family with money should not go into these jobs because you will not be happy. This is the message. Why is there reasoning? There is a reason in it.  The video will be of 15-20 minutes and it will be that if you come from a good family, live in a big city etc. then even if you get a government job, you will not be happy. Sometimes you will bump into someone else and then you will feel, hey.  What is this  A lot of class issues happen these days in government jobs because this has been observed, no research has been done on this, nor is this written in stone, I am giving it by clicking on it, but this is your observation. So tell me, many government employees are also not very happy like this. You talk to them, what is the reasoning, what are the underline principles, what is changing, what is happening that at one place lakhs are going after that job.  On the other hand, those who have achieved what they want are not happy after about 10 years. There is a honeymoon period for 10 years, after that the eyes open when one turns 35-36 years of age and 10 years of service is done, both the things.  When it happens, how many people agree? Please write in the comment section and beyond that also the detailed video will come. Stay away from government jobs. Atlist is my core.  Audience, they neither need to apply nor need to go here. Bypass them and stop crying about reservation. Even if reservation is removed, you still have 99% chance of getting a government job because brother, you are a simple person.  Look at this thing, 10 lakh children give the UPSC exam, 1000 people pass, finally it is on the first stage, it is only 10000% off.  10 Lakh Haj I Pav And Haj Is Not Is It Is Easy Even Those Below And % So 99.9 Even If You Don't Make It So If You Remove Reservation And Remove It Completely Then My Brother Still The Chance Of You Passing Is Just % So Why Cry?  Are you that guy or not? I am the one who got 999 rank. Guruji, I was out because of reservation. If the number is because I got 999 and look at 1000.  It is okay that the one of 600 is made because the merit list will be made from 15000 only, the interview will be made from 15000 to 3000 and the interview will be made from 3000 to 1000, so there is mix and match in this 3000 also, so I am telling you this with a practical example. How did people feel about telling and sharing the video? Whose pain was relieved a little? Finally, some understanding of mathematics.  I understood the probability a little because most of the exam people do not have much mathematics and do not see the game of probability in this way. This is the same story in your bank PO. Same story is in all the government institutions. Brother, what are you taking in the 99.9 percent chance of failure? No, maybe it will be a point, it's your coaching academy people who are earning money, they will remove your 12th fail and after seeing that picture, you will get 20-30 lakhs.  People's mind will become like this, they will also prepare for exams for 7th, 8th and 10th year, they will keep coming, the supply is full, they have full supply and as soon as people's morale will reduce, disillusionment will reduce, then someone will make a movie with 12th feel again.  If you don't give it then there are going to be people in between who give motivation. There are big people who give motivation. Those who become IAS and IPS are youngsters. People conduct big interviews for them. Look, I have studied like this.  I said, Oh leave it my friend, one of your true falls would have gone wrong somewhere, it would have been known where someone would have done what, no one would know who would come after reading what, what would Kuchu Pudi Bharat Nati come and all this was cut off, he asked that of the bride.  I asked about something and I don't know what it is then about that or something else Moni Attam I asked meaning you had read something, remember something, luck is a big play brother, it is a big play, there is a role in it that whatever you read, you go.  out of that  Focused less and asked something else, every time it goes on like this, there are so many lakhs of them, so it is one lakh children who go through studies, out of 10 lakhs, the competition is only in them and in that, there is also the factor of luck.  If it remains, then according to me there is no use in raising slogans against luck, this reservation is here to stay, I have already told you that you belong to the general category, so brother, you must cry, you will definitely cry throughout your life.  Keep crying but cry only when you are coming in the overall merit list as many as there are total vacancies and this merit list should be removed by the government in my opinion. After watching this video, brother, it is like this, friend, your rank is 12000 and the vacancy is  If it was Rs 1000, then if there is reservation in it, if you also have reservation for 500-600 vacancies in lets, then you are in Rs 12000.  If you were not going to take it then why are you crying? You brought 900 and you have 1000 total vacancies. Now if you didn't get it then you must have gone with me because if there was no reservation then I would have got it. I did this three-four times as an example.  But this thing has been explained, I hope you guys have understood it very clearly, there is a need to cry but you will cry on 01 because it will be seen only on 01 or 02 in that category.  So who cares if you cry or not at 01. Okay, no, it is the truth of life and your parents will also vote for those whom they will vote for. It doesn't matter, so please share, like, thank you very much.