Hello friends, today we will discuss about our party, Congress, they have promised to give 8500 women to poor women in their manifesto, this is because I was having a lot of questions about going to the manifesto level and talking about it, so let's discuss something.  Calling something very good or rejecting it very much is a very lower order thinking. There is no higher order thinking. According to me, we have to do a little higher order thinking because mostly if you  People are middle class, upper middle class, so it is very easy to come and you know that hey, what is this, it is like this, that is one second thing, by supporting it forcefully, then he suddenly said, you are the first thing, when 8500 or 8500.  Meaning, if it comes anytime, is it okay or something has to be given, like this, if the party wins or wins today or may not win, now it can be used in national level politics and national level politics.  Suppose I don't win, because right now the trends are like this, but some states will win, state elections are also coming later, so will they benefit from this, will they benefit from this, will there be off-course, how much will it be, we will see, okay then these states.  I will definitely announce in which state the elections are coming, after this my higher order thinking goes there like Shellac Holmes that this is happening, what will happen next then my state where I live is Haryana. Elections are due in October in Haryana too. Understood, I tell them as an example, they got benefited from it, which I also think will be benefited, then they will say in Haryana also, if poor women in Haryana will get Rs. 8500 then which in Haryana? Some of their families are living, letters and all such things have been maintained so poor people are identification supply, demand is supply then money will increase, that is the second thing, it is possible.  That now she will become a chick, now she said that I am not happy because this is such a salary slip of Form 16, the maid does not get it, is it okay that 00 will come to the account after linking your Aadhaar, it is okay, those 5 500 rupee notes. This is how they give, because this is how they take, okay, so how will she know, she is earning two and a half, she is earning five, she is earning 10, how much is Gurgaon earning?  If I take an example and tell you, it is possible that he may take even Rs. 8500 because he is poor on paper and has paper back anyway, it is poverty, that is, if you are working in three-four houses, then it is okay, but it is poverty.  8500 will be available from there. Now she can afford it. Friend, I used to work in six houses, there was pain in my body, if I have to go in summer and winter, then I leave two houses.  It is practical because we are meeting there at 8:30, now if you leave two houses, you will be chosen, so now two houses, everyone has this thought, if everyone has left two houses, then is this much supply coming at 40 and fresh is coming from somewhere.  If it is suggested that if the poor people come there then you will see migration of the poor in those states where if 8500 people come then there will be many poor people like our Arvind Kejriwal in Delhi. Ji did very good things like Mohalla Clinic and Bijli Paani and this one again attracted the crowd, that one attracts the crowd, then you understand where does its ripper cut go from where, I am doing higher order thinking.  Inflationary is there wherever it occurs. Why is it inflationary? Because if more money is given to someone for not working then the value of money decreases first of all. Money because how does GDP grow?  You print notes, in a way, giving notes is like reducing the value of that money because in exchange of that, now look at the emotion, it is very good that women work at home and they do not get it, okay friend, I do all that for them.  I am fine and giving money to women is better than giving money to men because if women have 85000 rupees then they will not smoke alcohol and cigarettes, its fine then it is big, it is not simple, now if you are listening to me then  It is very dismissive to call this thing a dirty thing or to call it a very great thing is not a this thing because its implications are of second third fourth fifth sixth order, in many places there will be some benefit, the economy will benefit.  There will be loss somewhere, it will come out of someone's pocket because now you see what happens in this, you try to explain to me that these women who come from lower class, their job is to sweep and mop.  The utensils are fine and all these things, these are women, their work is like indispensable, this has to be done, so what happens in it, if push comes, understand carefully, I am only discussing a little about the economy, no one is discussing this, we have given them 8500  If this woman is earning from lettings in Gurgaon or from her salary or from the salary of her husband's wife of that family, she will get the money. This woman who belongs to the middle class  She is a woman and does not have the leverage to go and tell her boss to increase my salary because I will have to pay a maid's salary. The boss will say, you sit at home and do the work. Corporates will not increase, the company will not increase. If we take an example.  The woman is a teacher in DPS, she is a physics teacher, she is a TGT, okay, TGT is a physics teacher or PGT, get a tank, how many are you, as many as you are.  Take 0000, it's ok, so 50000, 60000, let's assume her salary is exactly, what is the salary of DPS? Write in the comment section, that also gets learned from lets, if her salary is 50 or 600, then if she was giving her maid 000 now. And if he had to pay Rs 5000 then the cost of the maid in his household would jump by 66 rupees.  But their salary will not be increased even by 5% because of this she cannot ask, she cannot go to the principal and management, madam, these of our maids have increased because 8500 have been implanted in that state, so this is inflationary middle.  The middle class will always feel the squeeze because of whatever tax payers there are in India, it is very less, 8 crore people.  Those who file returns pay only Rs 2 crore tax and those who pay Rs 10,20,30,50,1 lakh tax are not very much tax, those who are paying lakhs of tax are very less, that is, they are very less.  But it is less than that, it doesn't matter to them, whatever the politicians say for them, now they will invest more, they are leaving behind 11000 Chinese, they are leaving behind 8500 rich Indians.  Everyone, hey, more are going to China. Hey, there are a lot of rich people in China. There are less rich people in India. If a thousand people are rich there, it means that if a thousand people are rich, then let's leave behind 11. Out of those thousand, 100 are going to India.  They are rich and they are leaving, so no one keeps that ratio, if these rich go away then I will trouble them, they will say that if I have to live like this, then we have such a program of air and water.  If I go out, then this type of socialism or communism, communism and communalism, all these things are going on, this has to be seen brother, we have to see all this a little bit, we can't even say bad things too much because maybe those women want it because you are 80 crores.  When you are giving ration to the people, then the situation is bad, isn't it? When the government remained like this for 10 years, the previous one also remained the same in MNREGA, it was they who started it, these people took it to extreme limits.  If it is given then it means there is a need, now people don't say that ration is given to 80 crore people. Oh no, if you give ration then there may be some more fights. The government is not stupid because there is no hungry person. No, so eat while sitting at home.  I will take it for less, anyway, I will have to eat it from someone else for 8500 rupees directly to me, because this idea that has come has to be implemented, I am telling you which one.  I am telling you that it has to be implemented in the states because this will become an issue. By increasing it from 8500 to 8500, the vote bank will definitely increase from 3 to 4. Whatever is done now, if it also increases from 4 to 3, we don't know how much seats will be transferred.  I am not saying that if they are getting 50 seats then because of this they will get 90 but the seats will increase somewhere if they are successful in messaging. But the middle class will grind, brother, the grinding of the middle class is certain and you can't do much, no, I will vote for him, it's okay, you won't let him come here, anyway, there doesn't seem to be much chance of coming anywhere else, he won't come there.  We won't even let you come, it's not like that brother, it's not, we can't stop everything, there is only one thing which is my message, suppress yourself, up- skill yourself, suppress yourself and go on earning your money, my message to all the women is my message to the middle class women.  Is  Special to housewives, Madam, if you have not worked, you are seen sweeping and mopping me after 10 years. You never spanked in your childhood because your father was middle class. You did not spank till 1015 years of marriage because your husband is also earning well.  And these medicines are available at affordable rates, but in the direction in which we are going in India, our country is definitely progressing, so what is the biggest thing of progress, you go to America and see, yes, how much.  There has been progress where the middle class does its own sweeping, cleaning and utensils, so brother, either earn more money so that you can afford it or upskill yourself or keep yourself an athlete. If you can move ahead then such an alternate day will come every day.  If you can't, then here I will not use the word warning to all the women, but one thing is that the future forecast is that if you are a middle class woman and are not working, then if your husband  If she is a salaried person then her wages are not going to increase as much as the people below will get and then you cannot go to any politician or come to the media saying that no we deserve maids, no having broom, mop, utensils is not a requirement like food, clothes and house.  And there is no medicine or health and education, this is a luxury, no one will listen to this, no politician will listen and whatever work people do like sweeping, mopping utensils, they will do it only in the houses of the rich.  Only the rich will be able to afford, it seems that many of the middle class, no, not so much, the country has not progressed, progress will happen on its own, right, 8500, because what Congress has said is that we will give 8500 in Gurgaon but in Ratlam.  In Madhya Pradesh we will give only three and a half rupees and in Supaul district we will give only three rupees and in Motihari we will give two and a half rupees because there is cost of inflation and  Purchasing party and not inflation, 8500 works every where, 65000 brothers and sisters, $1 is ok, $100 sitting at home in very rural and semi urban India and backward, wherever in the district of India, is a huge amount of money, huge amount of money. Women will also be included in it. Women will get respect in the family. Many women will be in their account because like old age pension comes.  Isn't it given in Haryana too, so from the time one gets it, one gets a lot of respect that yes, I have come, will give toffee, will give chocolate, then it is a bit socialist, if you get too much into it, there are a lot of benefits and the disadvantages are only for the middle class.  There is not going to be much loss to the GDP because that money will come from below, the goods of Hindustan Yun Lever will be bought, okay, we will do all these things, I took the name to increase the lion, meaning things will be bought, we will take oil and water, the utilization of 8500 is good.  It will happen because they are giving it in the hands of the woman. She is a beedi smoker and a non-drinker. Is it okay? No, her husband ca n't beat her. No, he can't beat her. It's okay. When he comes into his account, he doesn't come.  When money is earned and comes from somewhere, it can be snatched from the bank, so much money cannot be taken from the bank, okay, the woman has said, she has not said anywhere whether she is married or not, she has not told those things, the definition of poor is also not clear.  Now tell me, is the direction right? See, you will have to take oaths and promises to survive. You cannot be like this, you have a leader, a party, an idol, he keeps doing everything, clapping clapping, then there should be no talk of others like this.  No, this country is a vibrant democracy and it is the best democracy in the world and we should be proud of it and yes, anyone will come and make huge promises which will seem piercing to you and to anyone else.  If you don't agree, then we all should have this tolerance that this is a loss for me but it is a benefit for someone else and I can't do anything except working hard and earning money or telling my wife, God, now the time has come.  Is that you should also work? Is it okay? Many times the lady will say no, I too don't get 8:30, you won't get 8:30 madam because your husband fills the IT return, Form 16 comes, he has his track record.  Have financial history, have taken loan, have taken insurance, just now you saw that I had filled the form for medical insurance, in that also Aadhaar is there and everything is linked, everyone asks, all the data is going that brother, how linked you are, see technology.  If you know everything then you can't take unnecessary benefits from anywhere, everything is linked to the government because if you know everything about what you buy and what you buy, then someone like this will become tight. In time, the data is being available everywhere, you have to give all the data from the Digi Locker. If you are taking a private health insurance, then there is the issue of OTP and OTP and they take all the data from the Digi Locker. Who are you, brother, are you the proposer, how many people are there, how many policies are there, we have to pay all this, now what is there in giving, let's take it brother, now which one are we going to join in the line of Rs 8500?  But by the way, I am telling you that this is also a good thing, it is technology, whatever is there in the country is a good thing, so one thing came, when I told you, it was the analysis of 8500, what do you people have to say in this, if you people  There is pain in this, it should not be given, no, you tell the woman, work as a teacher, teach tuition, I do many different webinars, you will find these things in the comment section, if you are listening till now, you will find a group where  To you  You will get information about webinars, there are also polls etc., it is a good thing, you can join it if you want to join whatsapp-web and spread awareness that yes you have to do it, I realize that you are a woman, you cannot take a job.  Because you have not worked for 1820 years, now I wanted to say 48 40 42 43 38 38 and in Hindi it becomes 38 48, okay so you mean  In this age group, people are between 35 to 50 and you want to do something, you don't know what to do, have you ever studied? Okay, so I give some practical help in all these things. If you want to join, you want to get your wife to join. You will get it in the comment section, but if these 8500 brothers are not coming in the entire country, then they will come to the states gradually and then sooner or later, brothers and sisters, they will have to give something.  There will be a competition, isn't it, these things are good, if he has given, then yes, I will also give, he has given, I will give 10, okay, so all this will happen and all this is inflationary, this is inflationary, how will they give, how will they cover, can they justify this?  But someday I will make a video that we should not be so sad that if someone is giving and taking something, then I will explain this also under an example. If you want to understand then write the example.  What is the example under which if all these things are happening and we are feeling pain, then after listening to that example we will feel that yes man, he is saying the right thing, let it happen because I have my channel in M ​​Life.  Through this, we have to whistle a little like a pressure cooker so that no one gets too excited and hot, no one, this one, this one, yes, even if it is happening, tolerate it, you do this, you do this, a little brotherhood.  Build a little tolerance, build strength, understand each other's helplessness, everyone has to win the election, everyone likes representation, you are giving it to the farmers, someone is giving it to the women, someone is giving it to someone else, no problem, let's move ahead, okay middle  The class has to grind and grind like this and when the middle class people want to become leaders like this, then I feel that friend, whose are you becoming, all the sections of the society are like this. So the meaning of cutting is not cutting. It should be said as pocket. Sorry, it is okay. Because you are short shot, so you just keep roaming there. Okay, if you understand these things, if you understand the pattern, then this is the end.  Somewhere you will figure out what I can do so like the channel subscribe share thank you very much