Hello friends, this channel is for the intellectual or those who want to become one, every time I have to tell them in the beginning of the video, it will never have 50 lakh subscribers. Okay, so if you are a thinking individual like you, then watch it and subscribe in your own words. Enjoy. Today's topic will come, the game of snake CD will be fun, what is taught in the topic, it is a matter of Guru element, higher thinking, we will talk about nepotism.  This is a game of snakes and ladders and you will understand it. We will talk about nepotism because nepotism is such a word, middle class nepotism and nepotism is very famous. Kangana Ranaut made it famous. Karan Jhor also came and he did not know much about English at that time.  It's okay, if you are into politics also then the video will be very in-depth and may be a little long because it takes time to clear things in your mind at the conceptual level. Creator, I ca n't make a video by putting a gun on my temple, I can make it in a minute, just make a shot, it's okay, it will be made comfortably so that the energy is relaxed, watch it comfortably and peacefully, discuss it, discuss it with your family members that I have Started a debate on how will other people contribute, do n't make it a debate like this, make it about whether nepotism is good or bad because people make it that way, at least understand and then talk.  You tell me, nepotism is only in those things where there is high entry barrier, where there is no high entry barrier, a person can easily enter into anything, how can any people do nepotism there? Today, you are lower middle class, poor, middle middle class, whatever.  If you have aspirations then if a person creates a wall somewhere then you will now have a wall created, it becomes difficult to enter any place, now you need a CD and the people who Those CDs have reached here, they only speak of nepotism towards their brothers, they are ready to put them only, they are not ready to put you, without the CD they are not leaving you, no one is putting the CD there, you get that feeling from inside, there will be take aways from it. You will have solutions, what to do, don't think that this is just a matter of political discussion and social messaging, bye bye Tata, not a documentary film, no, no, it is practical, stay connected till the end, now it is very difficult to enter inside Bollywood at some time. There was a high level of nepotism in the movies because only the one who met whomever, whomever they liked, whom they knew, could enter, but now multiple platforms have come, now only cinema movies are not released, now you can get so many movies through digital medium. OTT platforms have come, now so many of yours have come on youtube1 time, this Esha Deol Twinkle Khanna Twinkle Khanna's Rinki Khanna too, that too a half picture, after making all these, which means films, theirs What should the children of actors do by taking everyone's name, but all these things were being worked out, it was fine earlier also, and many went on, went on, went on, and then went on so many, doing so much uselessly, that later on, they even improved a little.  If you keep making such useless pictures for so long, you will get better to some extent. So that was the difficulty but now equal opportunity has come through social media. If you see earlier, if you were from a rich family or a middle class family.  child studies Now every child can access it, because the Internet has become so cheap, so due to the cheapness of the Internet, nepotism has been encouraged. What is the problem for the people due to nepotism, that if someone reaches somewhere, he does not allow others to reach, but this  What is wrong psychologically and emotionally? Only a king's son can be a king. If Dhananand was a king then Chandragupta Maurya fought and became one. Boys, take training from Chanak, fight, risk your life.  Put it and then make your own umpire, Chandragupta was the king, Chandragupta's child was Samudragupta, then Ashoka the Great, then till he had his way, someone else came, then the king's child became the king, it would be easy for him, the rest is open to become.  Come, who will make you automatic? You will have to work hard, you will have to work hard, now in politics, in every particular party, there is nepotism everywhere and dynastic politics is considered very bad. Why am I considered bad because?  Father did so much work, he did this, so this heritage, legacy, this child should not be taken away by any new person, but think about it, the new person who comes is a suit-boot type professional and then he becomes a lamppost, doesn't he have power and domineering?  So he doesn't have what is required, leadership qualities are not there, he was good, nature is good, party high command has chosen him, there are such strong heads in front of him, so he got a chance, just by seeing the symbol of such party, half of MP's  Elections are won, if MP stands as per his wish then he is made of this, he is made of that, the whole public takes the credit of him, he is made of this caste, he is made of this class, he is made of this gender, if they are not getting power then it is nepotism. You understand what is happening in Bihar, now the elections will tell you, no, that is not good, no, the bullying is from him, now you have picked up a weak person from his caste, who has neither any following nor any brand.  There is no recall, no history or anything, if you do that then you will give him a ride, today you will give him the ticket, tomorrow he will cut the party ticket, cut off their ticket, show him even once, hey, are you supporting them, I am discussing, you understand.  What I want to tell you is that if you are a doctor and you are a lawyer, you give cases to your child, you allow him to come to a nursing home, you get a degree from him, then what sins have you committed? Now your competition people.  The chilling thing is that this boy is your friend in 12th, he is the doctor's son, you belong to a poor family, he belongs to some other family, he is from somewhere else, your father is not a doctor, neither is his mother, his mother is also a doctor, she is a gynecologist.  Yes, father is a Peddit, his is a nursing home, you are better in studies than this child, you have cleared NT, you have gone to become a doctor, the parents did not spend a lot on hard work, the government went to that, he gave somewhere between 50, 60 lakhs and one crore.  There are many colleges in the South, a person went there to become a doctor, now both of them have become doctors, you were intelligent but this one also became a doctor, now he is not such a great doctor but he can sit on the stool, you are the only one who has a job.  You are holding 60 70 800 Haj, you get a job only for one lakh, you will get into it and you will think that yes, this is nepotism, hey brother, you are suffering from luck, now you will have to accept that you are one generation behind. Then you will marry a woman doctor, then you will give birth to a son and daughter, he will become a doctor and he will be equal to this, people feel very uneasy in this feeling, even those who are not able to pass, do not even pass this.  Was able to pass the exam entry entrance test, he went on the basis of money, saying, why did he go on the basis of money, why I don't have money, the frustration which brings out the actuality of others in the name of nepotism, should be removed from his father and Look at what you were doing in the name of Grandfather, the clever efforts of the middle class do not understand that the formula rich people do not understand that you cannot deny the noble efforts of the generation, this is what we are calling nepotism and what are the noble efforts of the previous generation now. Shahrukh Khan ji did not have any father in Bollywood so he spread the shame in Bollywood, now will his children also spread the same shame, will they get a platform or do you want middle class?  There is this formula, isn't it? If father was here, when he reaches here, child, daughter, son will also start from here, rich people don't do like this, they say son, I have reached here, where do you want which platform, how many do you want, what is the problem in this? Why did I say the game of snakes and ladders? I said that they come to the reservation, like reservation, you know what reservation is, everyone knows that a CD is available in it, everyone must have played the game of snakes and ladders in their childhood or would you know, I am sure nowadays.  A lot of children play PUBG and these on mobiles, but the athletes who are listening to me right now are 253 years old and above that, they must have played it for a long time, I assume that you tell me, yes Guruji, you have played it, do you understand?  When we play the game of snakes and ladders, whoever gets the ladder gets very jealous, you have gone to the top, woe to you, let the snake bite you, let the snake bite you, let the snake bite you, next CD, knock knock knock, your six have come, mine has come. One by one is going on, it is a game, it is not real, this is real life, there are many stairs here, whether he was born somewhere in a community, in some caste, or by chance, one got here and even then the stairs were ready for him. And you are going like this, biting the snake, okay, and he reached here from the stairs, okay, and after completing 100, he is sitting comfortably like this, and you are there, first attempt, second attempt, then sir, I don't get the CD.  If I don't get it then I do n't get it, then you see whether you want to play this game where CD is required or there is another game outside where CD is not required. Play Ludo, Play Chess. In chess, the brain is used. Which ladder is used in chess?  Khiladi me Khiladi Both have equal mind Strategy Play this game but aapke nahi mere ko to khelna to guruji sap sidi hai swad to ud aawe sidi par sidi maine milni nahi aayi will not get the letter the other person  Will get the letter, but I boil my blood like I boil tea. Don't indulge me in toxic nepotism. I have opened an astrology channel which is very good. I have collected simple astrology. Come understand that yes, I was born, why was I born, why was I born?  Born in the same family, my father was also a high profile person but was not so poor that he felt like he belonged there and was not so intelligent that even if he got some systems done, brother, you are doing the window to others. You were born in such a zone that you  Neither will you be born in a poor place, if some CD is played there, nor will you be born in this place, even if you get something from here, then change it now. If there is some provision, then there is a change and adopt it, you do it.  Work like this or play some of your chess games, okay now some film institute comes from him, these FTI people do good acting, now that Jaane Jaane Jaan movie came out, those two actors are from FTI, okay  Who is Jaideep Balawat and I am forgetting the name of the other one, it is okay, he is Tamannaah Bhatia's brother, who is her friend, I have forgotten the name, it is okay because it has come to my mind, now both of them are amazing actors, so this is what it means.  No, Kareena ji is not an amazing actor. Now Kareena Kapoor ji, what is nepotism? Now where should she run? Now you see the whole country from her point of view. She is the top leader of one of our opposition, whose maternal grandfather is also the Prime Minister. Grandmother was also the Prime Minister, great grandfather was there and father too and now where should he go from that brother and why should he join a corporate or not why should he join a government job, you tell me what to do and his childhood he could not go to school because of security.  Poor girl of worldly life, I did not know half of the things, but the rest of the things were known, the rest is going on its own struggle, the rest is going on its own, I will link it very well in astrology that how to activate Shani and  What happened after the padyatra? After the padyatra, no one speaks Pappu. Why doesn't he speak? And I am telling you that many people used to make fun of Pappu by saying this, Pappu is never a hate word. Pappu is a very lovely word of India and when does the heart come to Pappu?  It means that Pappu is not Pappu, I like Pappu, Pappu has been made a fool, it means there is cuteness in it too, a little topic will be here, otherwise people will blame me.  Then they will start speaking, in the previous one, some devotee was saying, in this one, if someone says this one, then I will leave it. According to me, nepotism is not bad, if you feel chilli, then what should I do, okay, that is the song of Govinda, Tujhko.  If you feel chilli then I wonder if someone is born in a house where you are not there and then you will cry and become something, then your children will enjoy nepotism and then you will cry like this that you will not get married.  You will have children and then you will keep crying like this. If you go to awaken your wisdom and conscience, then you have this choice. How can you cry? Cry over your father and grandfather. Grandfather sold the fort. Father did not come out of the small town. You have nothing and no one.  I worked hard, I know I came from a community, you know because of my surname, if most people other wise, it is a community, okay, it is a big community from which I came.  There is less agriculture community, I am also a farmer, what is the definition of a farmer, one who has land, one who does farming is not a farmer, ask because many laborers do farming, they do not get the status of farmers just because they eat.  Whether you are driving a plow or a tractor, you do not become a farmer, you become a farmer only when you have land and crops are grown on it. A separate video will be made on this someday as to who is helped and the farmers are helped.  Am I looking like a farmer? But brother, I am also a farmer. This is the definition of my farmer. There will be a video on farmers on this too if you want. Very good, so my community remained here only but there was another community which came from outside, Partition.  When it happened, now I am not showing my community down or performing someone's aarti, although I am a person who has risen above all these caste color creeds, but still I am telling this by taking an example because in giving my example.  In such a day, the atmosphere is of fear. If you want to tell me something, you want to flog yourself, but sometimes you expect your own people from your community not to flog like this, okay, otherwise I would have given some other example, come here.  So people are being judgmental because Shivji is left, he is doing the preparation, he has all these notes, this is the discus, so it is not imaginary, he sold something at the ready, sold comb, heated the milk, prepared the dishes, skill set.  They had come from outside. That community had come from outside. Okay, they worked very hard. That's how land holdings gradually spread in that community. They did n't have it because they had come from outside, so they worked hard here with their skill set. There was hard work and the landlord was from my community. The landlord was such a big landlord that when the reservation was being given, the name of the Deputy Prime Minister was also from here and even then his name was not written.  Our opinion was written in this in 87, 88 and attitude in 89, when Mandal Commission came, it was the time of 88, 89. Attitude, now I will not speak further otherwise I will be flogged in actual, but the big thing is that the people of my community of Haryana do not have reservation?  Am I happy with this thing? Am I happy with this thing? I will tell you later. I am neither happy with this thing nor am I happy. Okay, I will tell you better later.  I will make a video and tell you on reservation, but watch the story, this community kept working hard, from ready to shop, from shop to bigger shop, then from shop to showroom, now the mess is visible in their community also in today's generation, so I will not talk about today.  This is the clapping of what their previous generation did and here the forts started decreasing. Brother, there were 100 children and so many children, then unfortunately, you know the dirty act of feticide in Haryana.  Whatever the boys were, they kept on increasing and increasing, now two kille three kille killi came on that stage, ready ready, they kept moving up, this is the story of the last 70-80 years, after the partition, so now it has become nepotism, this is his father's showroom.  Now he is sitting here, earlier he used to sit, nowadays he doesn't even sit, give me some reservation, so I am trite, put anybody down, I am just trite, prove an example. Nepotism comes is a generational mistake. Karan Johar has got the National Award. Alia Bhatt has got the National Award. That Alia Bhatt got the National Award, people were laughing so much at it that you don't know the name of the President. That President gave the award to her, this was an eye- opener.  Don't want the world because of the skill set in the next, now his father is a film maker, what happened to him, the film maker is everyone's child, he got it, the rest are all sitting there, Harman Baweja.  Is it only a film maker's world that has a list, so won't one take advantage? Has someone's father made films all his life? Now he says, "No, son, you become a doctor because this will speak of nepotism, this is stupidity brother, abusing nepotism is stupidity."  Yes, what your father is doing is very important, but your father was in the government, so where will you put nepotism, your father should retire as Cabinet Secretary of India.  Then you will have to appear for UPSC. It does n't seem to be a recommendation. It doesn't seem to be recommended. So you will have to appear for UPSC. Where will the nepotism come from? Tell me, yes, once you have entered, you have become okay, then it is okay. In the old memories, your father is our elder.  Were and you are something, that is a different matter but you will have to come out once and wear it out. You cannot say that if the son or daughter of the cabinet secretary joins IAS, then he or she will not start from the SDM level.  He will be directly taken to Joint Secretary level. What is his parallel? These days they say that there will be a later placement because he is his son. It does n't happen like this, so you have to choose your profession. The middle class has a habit of resetting the game every time.  Like we play games, haven't you played video games, this generation must have played a lot, okay, I have played a lot, I also play a lot, okay, there are levels in it, level one, level two, level three.  Five, in that if the father has crossed level five, then the son will not start from one. This is the nepotism which has the chill, he will start from level six. Now whether he reaches sen from six, reaches seven, reaches A or remains at six.  He is not going to come to the four, he will play only with six again and again, father sat on the four with him and you have been trying all your life to reach the four, this is the feeling, there is pain in it, I understand but. I am telling you with so many examples, so what can we do to overcome this pain? Everyone should get equal opportunity. Hey, everyone should get equal opportunity. So, the opportunity is definitely being given. Who is making two exams but a man by giving birth to 10,000 children to a nursing home?  If he has reached 2 crores after shelling out, then you become a doctor, you will beat him, will his child start breaking on the first day too?  There is also a house and the girl who will be a doctor will be a girl doctor. The girl doctor will have the choice of two doctors to marry boy doctors. One doctor is beautiful, intelligent and hardworking and the other one from a college topper may not be as beautiful.  The butt who passed the exam with difficulty, his father runs a nursing home, so whom will this girl marry, not brothers and sisters, she should marry him, why would she marry him here, she is getting a jump, her father is a government employee, he was a clerk.  The girl was a hard worker and was doing something else. Now that she is getting a chance, the aarti of nepotism is being performed in the country. I am telling you this, you too have played nepotism and if you are not able to play, then you are on this color track all your life.  Now someone used to fill petrol at a petrol pump, then he made a very big company, so now his son should go and join that big company or should go and prepare for the IAS exam, he made the company, father left the company, he left this company very badly.  He builds a big company, makes it the biggest company in India, then he also has three children, two boys and one girl. Then he says, brother, the oil man, you see this retail man's daughter, and the telephone man's son, Ed. You take care of the finance person and now gradually we will transfer them and son, you promote them, now if they go, we will not talk about nepotism, no no no, why are only they getting the opportunities, so should they give you the opportunities, should your company give you the opportunities.  from dad  If you go to buy 15 shares of that company then give you 15 crore shares of that company which you have been holding for so many years but they had the advantage, so your grandfather worked and your grandfather did not, my grandfather did not get a chance, okay?  Then if your father also did not get it, then you too will not get it because in your family people do not know how to take advantage of the opportunities. They were getting the opportunities, they were offering aarti to them that you go here, do this, do this, do that. your grandfather sitting  They used to smoke hookah and play cards and what did your grandmother say? She used to go to the cow dung and buy nothing else. You did n't go, you milked the buffalo, you drank the empty rotis, you ate Shivji's food, you did this, you did that, and you didn't buy anything.  He is doing something, he has been judged, hey brother, whatever happens, if he gets in the way, he stays in the village, in the village, it is with taste, it is with taste, and the poor guy kept doing it, kept doing it, he doesn't know what happened next now.  You are saying that this is nepotism, brother, this would be cheating, if the youth has to vent out the frustration that they have because somewhere in their own family, ask questions to your father, ask father, ask grandfather, ask who it belongs to, ask mom, Nana.  Ask yourself, ask your community where the thinking is. Many a times one has to ask the community too, what was the thinking of all the people, whether Panchayat should do all this nonsense and do all the nonsense.  But then the children should never go ahead and sacrifice their lives, now they are going, now those children are so disgusting, I was already seeing them, it is visible in Haryana and many places, they are going straight to Canada, watermelon is the only place in Canada too.  It is not like going there and picking up and driving a truck, the watermelon is fine and the people who are capable of doing the work here are going there and doing it, so this is what it is for you, this is the nepotism.  For you CD, whenever a snake climbs up in a CD, a man climbs up like this, then in real life, the one who is getting the stairs, climbs down the stairs of others, then those stairs are his luck, that is, he has got them from where he was born and on both sides.  Is someone born in a poor family, he is sitting with a CD, now you should be such that your family members neither fall in this category nor in this one, then brother, choose any category of yours or you should just make dry fruits.  It's all about food, do you want it or not? Become a child of that house where the last four generations and five generations have done a lot of things for the last 150 years. No, you don't see that. Harilal &amp; Son Sins 18591 6 Should they go to Chandni Chowk or Old Delhi or  Go somewhere else like this, some shop has written that so and so sinus so so there, what to do now, your grandfather was smoking hookah, he was sitting at the shop, then what to do, can something be done about it?  If you tell me, then I had to tell this through this video, how did you like the video, share it with people, if you liked it, and if you did not like it, then tell me why you did not like it, because somewhere there is some pain, is n't it?  This should not be done. If this Golgappa shop is open and is doing well, would it want another Golgappa shop to come sometime? Will it not create anything? Mine is mineral water from marketing. I do it wearing gloves. Our hands are washed.  mirror  It is said, sit inside and eat, we are providing semolina oil, this is good, he will say like this, come brother, our shop is 100 years old, but we give you a place next to us, come comfortably brother, we are spoiled, do it to them, we are nepotism. These are their children, help them, give them a chance, brother, give them this chance, friend, Ruth, all the people will protect their business interest everywhere that has been.  Cape Hey lawyer, is it a lawyer's son or a girl? Have you come here after doing law? Father is such a big lawyer and has so many cases. Secondly, if you become a lawyer for the first time in your family, will you serve me coffee for 5 more years? Will you state your photo? Will they see the case or the draft?  You will do it, they will do it, they will take glory, now if you say there is nepotism, then why did your father not become a lawyer, he did not get a chance, then only your son will reach, only your daughter will reach, you are one generation behind, Mahesh, son of Ram Jeth Milani ji.  Brother-in-law Milani ji did not have to struggle that much in advocacy, what is wrong with it and if he also has children in the future, then what is wrong if he does not have to do it, what is wrong in this. If someone's child is a politician's child, then only he can become a lawyer.  A better politician, he knows everything since childhood, seeing people coming and going, helping others, but he doesn't allow a poor child to become one, why can't he become a tea seller's child too, he will have to work hard, he will have to melt down, others will not have to do it, and that is possible.  Is  He is in such a comfortable position that if he cannot work hard, then he cannot go ahead and you have the advantage of hard work, so many times it happens that a person is working very hard and the next generation is not able to do it because it is comfortable.  If you are in a position then you also have a disadvantage, then if you are not able to do that work then this nepotism is not for getting irritated, apply your mind in this and make the situation such that how we Go into the system so that our collective transfer of wealth cannot be done even of knowledge because if you become a doctor and your child becomes an engineer and you have opened a nursing home then it cannot be a transfer of wealth. Net nursing home has to be finished now because you cannot.  Keep doing that doctor's work for 98 years. You will do the work for 60, 65, 70 years. If the child gets caught in some other line, then that work will not be done for you. So what can you do now? If  If you are intelligent then you will do something such that you get transfer and wealth, or along with wealth, you also get knowledge, you also get experience and these people are doing many things, now if that is not a sexy thing then there is nepotism.  You will not say if the farmer says, my son will become a farmer, now there is no sexiness in farming, hard work is too much, money is very less, so now there is no nepotism here, now if the farmer's child survives, then you will not say that it is nepotism.  But if something is good or powerful, it is okay, there is nepotism, you understand why brother, now the child of the blacksmith who used to do iron used to do iron, the child of a plumber can become a plumber, an electrician can become an electrician, a painter can become a painter.  There is no nepotism here but if there is any good thing, a film star becomes a film star, that becomes nepotism, a politician becomes a politician, that becomes nepotism because now you can become a plumber.  I don't want to but the plumber is also making a lot of money. I am telling you that someone is making money by saying that this work is not good and sexy and some people find it more attractive that he is a film star.  She has become one, she doesn't know how to dance, she doesn't know acting, she does n't know dialogues, I took training from FTI, I have this knowledge, I went to the National School of Drama to threaten so and so, oh brother, her father is a superstar.  The father must have done something or his grandfather is there or there is some other man who has [ __ ] his own son, why are you getting involved in this? I don't know if he is taking money from you or you want him to do it on you.  Invest the money for your children, this is the problem, isn't it? Many people are giving opportunities to their children at many places with their money, but you are feeling this is nepotism that if we are not getting these opportunities then break the walls.  see you No, many times when you have to break fortresses, only then the fort is conquered. Other wise people will keep on building forts. This so-and-so dynasty, so-and-so dynasty, so-and-so dynasty, ruled for so many years. Then someone came, he broke the forts, then he created his own dynasty, Lodhi.  There was a dynasty, then came your Mughal dynasty, then the British came, now you can cry beyond this, beyond what will you do nepotism, you came and broke it. The one who had the power was the Peshwas, there were the Peshwas under the Peshwa, all of them had this Mewar dynasty, the Mewar dynasty is running for everyone, it is running for someone, they also become the Prime Minister, now Trudeau is of Canada, his father was the Prime Minister, he became the world.  She is electing, now the world is electing, so is she doing it on any basis, so I hope this video becomes a little bigger, there will be some bigger ones, I will have such topics. I will clear it and once you calm down, you will stop getting irritated and if you want to get irritated then if you get irritated with your older generation then forgive them also but next time that  You become a hero, children, if this becomes this, then give them this example that brother, you too could have done something but you did not, now we cannot be like that after scoring 300 runs in 50 overs.  You came after playing 42 overs and scored 150 runs and hit us 1 in eight overs, son, you come and hit 150 runs in one over, son, the match is over, you are dad, you are sitting at 150 runs in 42 overs, you are here, I came and hit 50 runs in eight overs, you  I scored 150 runs in 42, I should hit it in eight. Even in T20, I could not score 20 runs. Last time he scored 48 runs in three overs. Now I have more runs than Virat Kohli. Dad is doing like this son, I couldn't achieve it, son, there should be only so many dreams, if you make 150 runs in 42 runs then if you have a target of 178 then they will achieve it, this much happens at this run rate, so beautifully.  I will tell you with an example, for this a like is subscribed to the channel, I will tell the rest separately in the playlist where these are the videos with such ideas, some of my videos are current events.  There are those who go along with the event, they go to Bhuj like a full lamp and some like a long lamp in which oil is kept pouring, those are the videos which remain burning, then there are the videos which are burning, I will keep them separately. Go to the playlist and see that there are many such good ideas, there will not be many of them but they will bring you relaxation. What is there is to enjoy, here is to relax, there is no tension to argue with. So for those who understand things and want to do a little higher order thinking, this thank you very much is for those people.