Hello friends, Sanatan Dharma is in danger, Finance Question Mark, I am speaking, not assistance, I will explain in a very parent-like manner, I don't think anyone has explained it in this way, you know, there is a lot of discussion, this is the way I will explain, no one will explain, this will be part one.  Because this part will also remain whole stick because I would not like to make a video too long. You will get a different perspective on this. First, in this part, your base formation will be done on the thought process of intellectual people.  This is a channel for intellectuals, this is not for those who are less educated, okay and those who have written companies or those whose vision of gold is very limited, okay, and this video is for every person who gets such messages. Come, give it to him once. Many of you, relatives and friends come to the family group, maybe you and I too send such messages, if you send too many messages then it is okay for you to listen. Religion is in danger, Sanatan Dharma is in danger, anything is in danger.  If it happens in  It means that it should be destroyed, it is like glass, it is in danger, brother, if he moves a little further, it will fall and break, then it is considered a word of danger, if what is the danger of this species, is it in danger? Tiger is in danger, Gir Forest is in danger of extinction, its meaning is basically the same i.e. someone can destroy it or wants to do so, first of all let us understand Sanatan Dharma only, I am an astrologer, I am a practicing astrologer, meaning.  If I earn money, then give me a little grant, the world gives money, so all this is lying around, it is understood that I am making money by picking it up, don't paint anything for me here that till now, after watching my videos, which from the beginning  If you see then you must have understood that brother, this is a different item. In my opinion, it is not that it has anyone's agenda. I definitely have my own agenda. It may be heavy and should be but on someone else's agenda.  don't bat  Now, I am trying to understand you by giving a different opinion. If Sanatan Dharma could be destroyed then it would have happened by now. Not how, why is it in danger now? Brother, was there more danger to this religion 400 years ago or is it now to those who follow it?  There is hair because if you have a book, an ideology, commandments and something in a dare, then how can anyone destroy it, just like it was destroyed in other places, different people did it, this is how history was done by different people.  You know, we keep giving the example of Persia and you know why the storm that happened has not happened here because how will you destroy the Sun if he is worshiping the Sun, how will you destroy the Moon, Tulsi ji is worshiped.  You will destroy mines, you will destroy people, you will destroy all kinds of animals, so many types of gods and goddesses, temples have been built, small ones have been built, big ones have been built under trees, so many things, no one can destroy them.  Will go till Pak will go till the last time, when in actual you say he was in danger, when in actual he was just one, Adi Shankaracharya ji in 8th century and in a way, he created the religion by roaming all around and making peat, tell him where to make the bench.  If you write it on Google, you will get to know everything. Brother, you are all about Sanatan Dharma, so your taxes, beatings, etc., struggle, now don't say this, who is Adi Shankaracharya, who is very important, who shouts as if he is in danger. Now, if you have any knowledge, you should know that you are in danger, otherwise you are not in danger. Take the knowledge, people are going to forget tables. 3 * 4 12 4 * 8 = 32 people are going to forget, they will forget, they are in danger, so this means  That you should revise from the table from morning to evening, are they doing it? Do they? Upanshidhar, Vedas, where to read them, let's go to study, no problem, I will not even insist on that, okay because.  This is so inbuilt but what is wrong with it, people have considered culture as religion and customs as religion. Religion is very different because people do not know what to do and if they do something then they consider it as religion which is a  There is tradition, there is color, there is culture, there is a lot of confusion, but even in that confusion, he has failed so much that now it is not in anyone's control. If it was in anyone's control, then brothers and sisters, it would have happened when there was no control in any way.  There was slavery when so many  If you look at the things according to religion over the years, but even then it did not happen, then how come there is so much danger now and if it is a small danger or something, then because of what, you will remain my part, but you will remain that part only then.  It will be like when you said something to me, I just told you, did you enjoy listening to it, did you get some relief or not, friend, this is true, friend, we have never checked this thing, we have just been ranked number one.  Hey all my numbers are like this  You are big in proportion, aren't you? Out of 140 crores, there must be some fraction too, there must be percentage, then there is his number too, I will tell you all about it, Part 2. If yours is very good, then why is it necessary to have that too? Is our soldier different from the enemy?  She is afraid of someone. If you want to understand that something was said in Tamil Nadu, you can make an issue of it and report the smoke. When you have made this very thing, it is not a shop which has no beginning and no more. As soon as you enter and  As soon as you don't become a proud Sanatan, then you yourself will realize that it is, it is, you will laugh like this brother, when you understand, you don't understand anything, you don't know anything, what is it like for the majority, then there will be brothers who have the realization of our country.  If we realize it then we can only smile and come and tell other people something like take a deep breath, nothing, hey, don't you know why we are putting so much emphasis on something which has been going on for 15000 years, it does n't happen suddenly.  It would have happened, it would have happened, there is no need to worry so much, read it children, read the book, you will know after reading it, then everyone is the same, master master piece, this is where everything is taken from here, I will still have religion, this one will remain of the other one, not me.  If he is talking then why is he so nervous, why is he in fear? Who is spreading the fear? Who is fanning it? Why is it being given? Hey everyone, let us unite that we too will make Tuesday ours, just like it does something to them on Sunday and something to it on Friday.  So we will do it on Tuesday, of course we will  So we do it from Monday to Sunday, Monday does something, Tuesday does something, Friday is Bajrangi's Wednesday, each one is our own, every day is ours, in our day we will do this in the morning, in the evening, not in the morning, sorry, in the evening, we will do this in the morning.  Will do when time energy is changing everything is scientific 100% with love Santi was 108 numbers what do 108 Sun's diameter 108 time system distance  Between Sun and Earth Distance Between Moon and Earth is inside the number 108 It is a complex system that is understood very deeply, it cannot be, be confident, be happy, do not be afraid, do not be afraid, it is indestructible, anything can happen, anything can happen because if the district table  If it had happened then they were not sure as to whom they were going to save, brother, this system itself cannot destroy it, no attempt would have been made but it cannot happen, this is a fact and when it does not happen  If you can, then be happy, do n't be afraid, the first thing is that don't be afraid, it is the truth and mostly you go, I repeat it again and again, I want to speak only against my profession, but that is also a fact, without fear, nothing ever happens, then you  If you do something of your own, then brother, if you do something of your own, then the agenda will not be set, then how will it work, so many people, how will they do their own, what will happen, tell me, write in the comment area, if you want to be scared, then I will write in part 2.  I will tell you what to be afraid of, if you are in danger of numbers only, because what have people done, they have started talking about numbers because this is an ideology, a believe system, it is fit, that whole thing takes a lot of effort to enter, to understand, but to do. Nowadays people talk directly that if they want to play on quantity, then I will tell them in part that you have control over it, there is nothing external and if there is any fear in that too, that fear is your own today.  It is a match itself, as you say yourself, it was the story of Kalidas that if you were sitting on a branch and being a cat, then it would have become very thriller type, that thing of thriller in de sense, no one has told this thing again.  How boldly did I tell him, he is asking me to complain, many things should not fail, Shakti Surya Bill, those people say that the sun rises, the sun does not rise in the east, this is a factory, no, it is a fact, brother.  The sun does not pick up the story, it is there, you are the one in the rice in the east, in the scene, the observer on earth, this is the scientific thing, it is like this is the sun, now what happens many times, the hen gets a problem, the hen thinks I am a croak.  If I do, then how is the sun? It is a matter of position and co-relation. If you force the co-relation of any thing wrong, then many things fail, it just doesn't happen. If it does n't happen, then this thing.  So don't be afraid of anyone, what is your actual fear, what is that fear, I will address it in Part Two, in everything, in water, in fire, in air, in every kind of animal, whatever it is, right from the worship of the earth to this earth. Where is the concept of Mother Earth? Where did the concept of Mother Earth come from? Tell me, where did it come from? All the concepts that we have created, we have kept them like this whenever we have created them and we have to understand them, then in the next video I will  to you guys  I will tell you, but I need comments on this issue, if you can give it to intelligent people, because this is not a matter of talking on a small level. I would like to come here and take your name, forget anyone else, which is fine. This program is going on for many years, it should continue for a few more years.  Till then we will go, this is a tiring thing because when Covid also came, I was saying, Ma will go, Ma will go, Ma will go, Ma will go, everyone will go, Ma did not know, there was fear brother, many people were in poverty, but what will end, people have forgotten.  No because human brain for many years  Ca n't stay in the fair, after that he comes out saying it will be fine brother, it will be fine and he is being a reflector in many things, so this again and again, this kind of psychological and these more brother, mostly those above 60 years, 30 years.  First of all, you have asked a crazy question that some of the activities are being done for some other reason, as much as there is a flood in it and it is for something else, but you are using it for the purpose of many people, this is really a brother, something is going on.  because it  It is big since this technology is big, even before there is growth in it, the country should also move towards a butter thinking, so for that, in a second, I will tell you a little openly what issues are happening, without going too direct myself. So when and where is he in Baahubali? We see Baahubali in the forest and this is the dialogue of Prabhas who is in Baahubali character when his soldiers are running away. What is death? Who is death? To do death, it comes from inside. No yes, in fear, then you have become inferior, friend, then will you do it like a child? I mean, there is no fear at all. Are you getting scared like this? You can see this clarity in my eyes, it is clearly visible that friend, this  So you know something is not me, I am telling you, okay, I have Mars, I also have Shani and everything, everything is on the face and the glasses are the same, but things can be worn in very different ways. i hope you  How many people have I elevated a little, how many have I elevated a little, so please write, it is okay, it is definitely not a brother, I will tell you in another post, what is this thing that needs to be explained, what is actually happening here, is there some problem with it?  It is not this, if this is this, you are walking in the lake, right, I have just given him some problem, first class problem here, what is this, that will be told in Part Tu, Baahubali Part Tu. Okay, I will tell you why Katappa killed you, but this is not a problem here. When you are watching this, I will try to bring it the next day, otherwise the part will come in two-three days. You will come only after doing all my ifs.  Have watched the episode, I am writing the episode only because I am making a lot of base in it. Don't think that this is just a random video, it is like a syllabus, Chapter One, Chapter Two, Chapter Three, Chapter Four, so if you  You can follow it regularly instead of the chillam chilli that happens every night on the news channel, the story will reach there, the story will get clarity and as many people as it will reach it, it will be a lot of fun in the country and we will not be dependent on anyone for this.  There is no moral science like this, a politician should do this, no no, what should we do, the same discussion will take place, what should you do, what should I do, this one should do this, they should do this, she should do this, all of them should do this, then I am not like this. How do we have to think and what do we have to do and how do we have to analyze and when we change from within we start reacting instead of reacting to whatever is happening, then when that response goes, it will change everything the way you want.  Yes you have understood, thank you very much, please share the match. If you have not subscribed yet, please subscribe. Telegram group is also in the comment area, you can join it also. Thank you.