When you buy a washing machine, they ask for a warranty of 5 years. Even if you buy a pen, you ask five times how it will work. When you buy a car or even a scooter, they ask how much mileage it will give.  If you want to buy even a phone, then they ask how long will the battery last, then it is 5 years, when the government tightens it, then why doesn't it ask questions? This is a scene from Shahrukh Khan's Jawan movie, if you have seen the movie till now, then very good, if not.  see So it is a very good thing, don't watch my review, it is like this and what game is being played on it, it is a big study in itself, I will make it in the coming episode after two-four-five-10 days, it is very interesting, there is a lot to learn.  You will get more than that, watch it later, when it comes, tell me whether I told you right or not. By the way, the review has already been posted, now we will talk about youth on clarity. This episode was forced, it started getting a little fun, why do you have to ask questions to them?  so round round anything  You will talk nonsense and which is the platform to ask questions and which politician should you ask? Who will get the election ticket or if we get to know a day before the last nomination is filed, then whom should one ask? Who should one ask from the Supreme Leaders? Who should be asked from every party?  Hey brother, first tell me then ask this question, what will you do for us, then in the manifesto it is mentioned that we will give you ₹ 4, all the questions leave scope for asking questions, they will give this, they will give that.  We will show heaven to everyone here on earth without killing them, so is it practical? Do you have to tell the politicians? Yes, you have to tell me what do you want? You, the middle class, which is my audience, there is no one from the middle class. Now I have full faith in the middle class.  That if I reach a very good place, then in the coming time I will be in power and politics. However, there is another fact which is more about praising myself and saying that I want this, but I am not able to reach there, okay, I too, maybe my  My intention is the same but what I am talking about is the middle class and I am giving a hint to the politicians that no one will give you consultation as big as the politician who is so chatty, he has nothing to do with reality. Start catering to the middle class because of this middle class.  Only Bharti is going to become the messiah of the middle class in 5-10 years. She will say that 20 years ago there was a government which used to help the poor.  Those who came from a lower class than the poor, someone else came and gave it to them, and that was it. Now is the time to cultivate the middle class. I am here to tell you this and you who are middle class have to spread this thing, I am going to tell you this.  I am saying that you have to show your displeasure, you should not show happiness to the politicians first, questions will be asked only when you are angry, not only angry, but happy, Marshal has been kept, he has done this, everyone is already happy with someone, I don't see anyone angry.  No  Brother, if you are very angry with this political party, then if you are happy with it, then you have become its devotee, some have become its devotee, some have become something else, some have become something like this, everyone has their own name, it is okay infant me.  I laughed, you change me with every video, your ideology is that I am from A party and sometimes I am from C party. I was thinking that they will put me in ABC only but I am a communist even in C.  Hey, at least vote for them!  You have imposed this on me, you have shown me so low that it means even ABC should be removed from the party and someone else whose ad is being made will not even have five MPs coming. The next people are all of us, so you all have to understand this very well.  The basic thing is to be understood, people ask me how do we reach out to these people, this is a very deep video and all you have to do is that this is a political party, you are inclined towards it but there are resentments towards it, so you should not even talk to it.  Now it's whatever you want, it's power  Well, how did it reach this point because even their leaders are getting desperate. If anyone is thinking that the results of the next elections are done by the industry, then he is a fool. Even in 2004, people were feeling something like this and it was a big surprise, but now what  They are students of politics and those who are running everything, they are not very confident about the exam, they are doing a lot of preparation, they have a hint to them, even the people have a hint to them.  So, I am also a consultant, consultation is free, right for the politicians as well as for the public. If you want to show your displeasure, then that displeasure will be visible very easily. Your own uncle, your own uncle, your own neighbor does the work, he is the one from the party.  If you answer me then tell me that you are angry, we don't know what to do now and it doesn't matter to me, you did this, you did it there, you did it there, you started it, you are falling all around you, political.  The activist who is not roaming around as if he is a symbol of something or a brand, then it seems as if he is not roaming around but by observing, he is telling himself that he is a resident of the locality, someone from the street is telling him.  Then there is the locality and then that district, then that wind is going up. You have to clearly show your displeasure to the middle class, the trouble with the system is genuine. You are troubled by the buttons on which your taxes are.  Tell me, I am not getting opportunities, I have made it simple brother, don't make anything simple and complicated things are happening, many things are happening, the story is happening with the state government, it is happening with the center, where whoever doesn't vote, then  You can do whatever you like, but unless I tell the story here, it is difficult for anyone to take the trend because whatever channel you watch, as soon as you talk about its creator, you get to know what it is about me, at least it is there on every different video.  I am associated with a different party, my AP at list date till now, my ideology of my party, whom am I going to vote for, because I have not decided even in my mother, January, because if I have decided then I don't even tell a lie.  I am saying this again and again, I am telling you all, whoever has to vote, you will do everything, but now decide and tell this to the people and do not ask them questions, tell them what do you want, I want something like this and so on.  hee  Tell me 10 things that affect you. If you are not going to get subsidy and you are not in that category, then don't clap where the party is going on these subsidies. Do n't be happy that Vapi is being taken out since then, sir.  Matter and matter Sir, people, I will make the locator on free dish in future also, it will be in Sri Lanka, it will happen, it will happen, it will not happen, that too, I am giving a little hint of it, the video will also not come, it will not happen even after giving so much, it will not happen and Sri Lanka  I will tell you why it happened and even after dividing India so much, why it will not happen? I will also tell you that no matter how much we divide it, it will not happen. People do n't think that it will happen because when a Rewari sits, they call it Rewari water, the other says a gift. What is the matter of how much Rewari is going to be divided by Sri Lanka, its region is not going to be divided, now in the video I will tell you all and you all will definitely feel pain in it and will also be happy that we will not become Sri Lanka but there will be pain which  I would like to tell them in that, tell them clearly that what you are giving for free is not a problem to anyone, even if you distribute it for free, then see who will be distributed more for free, sharing is not everything, see who dances completely openly like this.  He is doing like this, he used to do like this in front of the mare at the wedding in Dhule, he did this with the band members, everyone has to do this when the elections are coming, now you don't have to do everything, but you yourself see which is the note.  Which one is worth Rs 500, which one is Rs 2000, it is okay, so which one is worth Rs 100, which one is Rs 500 and which one is worth Rs 50, not everything is worth it, the brother-in-law who is harassing me has to tell you that I  D middle classes waiting, this note that is being posted, I know you have a cough and if you make more announcements then yes, you will get votes for free, even with this distribution you will get votes.  Brother, but we will not meet yours, so what is this people, when they get the idea of ​​leaving behind those who are in front, I am going to support them and if they want to go further in cooking, then give them the bill, take a call, tell me how much. But what is middle class? Hey, I am with you, my vote is confirmed with you, now you go and make promises to someone, I like you, I love you, I like you, I love you for my wife and for my husband and for your children  And reserve it for parents, it is not necessary to say I love you to political leaders and political parties, you are speaking, my friend, we are not understanding, I want me, subscribers are people, I am listening, you are not me, you are foreign in love.  With these politicians, this Jat is not worthy of love, I am not even asking to hit him, if he gives a little, I will make the politicians moo with politics, you people are so much  By being demanding and the name of one party does not come out all the time. Do not speak about any party's wishes. I am not speaking against the politicians either. I am telling you that we can play another game. It is not necessary that we should remove this crowd from the big area even from the bypass.  Politician can be fired and set to such a state that he has no taste in politics. Brother, in politics, every person in life goes to those places where he has taste, enjoys where he is getting something.  Is there any taste in your life? Middle class, write in the comment section. Is there any taste in your life? Are you enjoying your job? Are you enjoying life? Are you okay? You are struggling everywhere. You keep giving this taste by making your narrative. That this is in danger, that is in danger, money is in danger, this will happen, that will happen, show this danger, brother, we are astrologers, astrology, astrology to chali kahte hain [Music] Chhakka Chhakka, how long will it last, I never know how to tell when in life  It doesn't look good, it feels wet and hot from all sides, then the man goes, then that man plays defending, he is a good astrologer, he is bad, he is a fool, he is a liar, he is good, that's how the doctor works, the doctor said, we too. There is a list, if you don't speak then who will not put it? If you are alive, you will die even without standing, you will not go, replace it, the pain will be cured, nothing will happen, everyone will attack the brother and someone will say that it does not matter what to do.  after  If it remains like this then will anyone get it done? Will everyone say that if it is not done then this will happen? It may be true or it may be false. It may be true or false. So I am including any profession, whether it is a doctor of astrology, a lawyer or  No one else is saying that everything is wrong, but brother, it is up to the brother, even then he has to open the book, you will not get a job, only if you do something, marriage will not happen only if you do something, brother of law.  It happens only then that a person gets relief from improvement in life when you know that challan will be issued or after drinking alcohol, challan will be issued only then in this brother you don't do it, then things work in brother only but that brother is seen through the eyes is true and false.  It is good, it is coming from the moral ground, it is coming from the moral ground, sir, the game is from there, so you all have to think about this big thing that we should not ask questions to politicians, questions are sweet, we will give a lot of love, yes, you only. I will get a job for his child.  I will tell you in the upcoming video that there is nothing to fear, you will be surprised by others, give 10 20 people, top politicians in D country, apart from that, 99.9% of the 99% have nothing in their hands, it seems that they do some work and come some.  He will show me that this is a small leader, this is a petty leader, I will follow him, he is not keeping anything, it will be good to join these leaders directly, bypass all of them, I will also tell you this.  I force this politician to change a lot, you tell me how many will get tickets, do n't ask questions, they are your servants, these are the servants, our politicians themselves say, we are your servants, questions are asked to the servants, I wonder what Chhotu will cook for dinner today.  For me, it is said or Chotu, what is your mother doing today? You are speaking to me like this, your servant is Hukum, this is the jailer picture I have seen, not that Hukum, it is Tiger's Hukum.  The public has to live in the attitude of Rajnikanth ji. One day the public Rajnikanth becomes a sari, then see what happens, then the public will want to become a public politician, one day it will come, one day it can be like this, it is not a matter of laughing once the idea is created by someone.  It got into one's mind and he gave a lot, so 5:10 15 years time, brothers and sisters, politicians will run away to become the public, because the common people will be cut loose in this country and the politicians will run away. Politician has already become very difficult, if you have seen that earlier he used to go for a walk, used to enjoy, now he himself has made a life of it in his own competition, you can see married life too, getting married is for politics.  It is considered very negative because brother, if it is your family, then you will also spend money on them. How many status people are not married, tell me which top leader is not married, tell me who belongs to the Sari Party.  Cross and is this becoming a very big qualification? Yes, this is the qualification that we make. I will fail in this qualification but I am telling you the same way. People can do anything. I have the power to do anything. I am telling you this.  I am six, do n't be happy by doing this, these politicians will rub us, will not let us rub, two-three statuses have power in two-three months, stay connected for the next eight months, I am giving a platform to you people, it is a platform for the common people only.  No, because what is that platform, Jawan picture is good, there were some moments like this in it, it was very sad, it was as if the public felt in this feeling that the picture was over and the money was taken out, they are saying the same brother, you are making money by doing Jawan. Ultimately, after doing marketing, why didn't you reduce the ticket rates, you are of little importance to the public, I have come after seeing the nerves, I am fine, so why did you do Maggi, then there is no condemnation at all, like fan, so I am nobody's.  but like and  But the day after tomorrow and D marketing and the video I will make, because after making that video of my youth, people started eating me, you are a devotee, then in Gadar I had said, don't look, I was something else, so brother, on one hand, tell me who I am.  I am from C party, you tell me, I am just subscribed till now, which party do I belong to, brother, I am from G party, I will vote for G party, I have not decided yet and I have not done it consciously in mother and I have been here for six years.  you are the one  And it is not necessary that whatever you do in the Assembly, you have to do the same in the Lok Sabha also. Again, you can change, be open, be open minded. Will you show through your social status and your behavior and conversation that yes, I have not decided? They have not opened their cards yet, this country will be dubbed, we will see that the country will break, it has been said a lot, there will be a lot of discussion, but I have another take, what is this game, right, should it be India, should it be India, which one should it be?  what should happen then  I feel there is a lot of clarity in it and I want to give it to the public in every word, I will give that too, but how did you like this video? Do share it. Politicians should be ordered not to ask questions. Like Rajnikanth, Tiger's order is that song.  Which is the Hukum Hukum Kar Ke Na, it is not enough scissors song, just keep it in your mother, Tiger Ka Hukum, tell it to the public, you have to give orders to the public, brother, there is no need to ask.  If you ask then it means that weak people ask, always weak people ask strong people, I have to give orders to the public, don't think that this is a small channel and this is a small channel, original history starts with the story and reaches the story.  If you have joined the channel in the beginning then you are in the early days of something happening at the thought process level of change of the public, fortune, fortune will roam around, I want genuinely that  Politicians, you are genuinely the vice- servant of the public and 70% of 80% of the current politicians, I want you to list, there is nothing left in politics, because by serving genuinely, you will go mad, when you do n't get results, a man serves only when he gets results.  So, first of all we have to attack the dry fruits by telling them and increase their difficulty level so much that even the daughter-in-law can't help but we will leave by doing this and she herself will say.  And the genuine matter that will go back will be a general matter and a new people will come. Change is happening. Politicians are like us. There is no difference in me. After 245 years, I will show you the victory of Lok Sabha elections through YouTube.  After winning, I will show the Lok Sabha, leave the Rajya Sabha, leave the Rajya Sabha, rally the Lok Sabha without YouTube, give independence, can this not be possible, what do you think, can it be? Thank you very match.