Hello friends, Topic Shahrukh Khan Jawan and a New Formula, you all know that this is a little intellectual type channel, these topics are not being made, they are being made different, but if you guys enjoy then we will talk about Shahrukh Khan, we will talk about Shahrukh Khan ji, Jawan picture.  What is different in How He Changed, the movie is about to be released now, I am going to tell you this theory, you will know how true it is but there is a formula and a key behind it for many people which can open a lot of things in India and in that.  To all  Big thing comes South India name movie's Jawan Do Boycott Now write Boycott Jawan Jawan name itself, it cannot be written as Boycott One Smart This Thing Another thing what is made in his movie Vijla and all that is there so it is known from the little trailer Or if you show that commando and all that in the middle like this, then no one can say anything, then it has also changed. Good bad. Here I am not analyzing that because are there trolls on this section?  You know, because the movies were also made in such a way that this movie is becoming a hit, it is cinematic nonsense, okay, but if it is becoming a hit, there is a lot of celebration, if some movies are not a hit, then it is worth noting.  Conscious effort was put in then now people have come around it that is the message the formula which is the new formula is evolving South India for the first time means South India Bring a director, bring a producer, get main stream good actors of Bollywood from South Vijay Sethupathi ji and Nayanthara ji and do the marketing, get someone who is a popular music director and singer and do the music, reach there and capture South India because South Indian movies have been doing very  Well in North India, okay now that South Indian North Indian should not do this much but then this is something which a new formula has come  Evolve What are we doing? Whenever a lot of things happen in India, we forget a big section of the society. This is something new formula and it is I think very good for the country. On top of that, the Dubai route and Burj Khalifa are also there.  Vad and all that frills are there, so I see this film opening big earning lot of money, still I will earn lot of money, one more thing is coming, yes ticket in the mall 1  If you are paying Rs 1200, 1500, 2000, 2400, then you should not focus on money, it should always be on foot falls normally, if you are paying attention to foot falls, then South Indian movies have come somewhere, how many people's children have seen the pictures, how many eyes have seen the balls.  Movie Wahaan Tickets Rates Are Very Reasonably Priced So When We Compare Any Movie Lets Se Jailer Earn 500 Crore And Main Stream  Let's say Jawan and this movie earn this much, so the focus is more on earnings, no matter how many movies come, the focus is not there, this is also a big difference, hence your attention will always be taken towards the earnings and the picture is very super.  Hindi Movie Which has higher ticket pricing capability and they generally keep the prices relatively low in South India Which is for what ever reasons not that they are purchasing par parity low or there is no money  There is a lot of money there but it is generally of that kind, so the number of people watching South Indian movies any day more, if a South Indian movie earns 400 crores, then the number of people watching it is equal to an Indian movie that earns 700 crores, this is also a that. But South India can no longer be ignored. Now even if you are in politics, there are many seats and there is a lot to do and South India has shown us that while doing something for us, we also take something for ourselves in these terms.  Selection political choice and something you can't come back to them and say Oho you because the one who is beaten the most there is the one who is being beaten the most in India, he is the one who is being practiced the most, he is the same and what is the dash that  Tell me what is it, okay, then Shahrukh Khan said one more thing, what he got right, I think he will know this theory, okay what he got right, was first the name of the movie.  Evolving the South Indians Third is the dialogue that is going on right now that before touching the son, talk to the father and that has come from within. You understand what his son went through which a lot of people at that time also felt was that  Man, I did n't have the courage to speak much because someone in the main stream media said, Hey, you are doing this with this, a lot of people are worried about what they say when you see high end.  Mighty Fall People, I have that inside Shahrukh, that Dilli wala is still very much alive, the work of Chatak Chena wala is still alive and that is, even though he has gone to Mumbai, polish, polish and star superstar and all that Dilli wala element is still there.  So I Personally Feel I Personally Feel We Should Follow How the Movie Doesn't I 'm Not Here I'll Never Tell People to Go and Watch a Movie I Did Say for Gathering to Don't That's because his messaging was looking very openly like that, okay but which people liked the picture, nothing happens by making the picture hit, money is earned because people come, people come because people like something, what good do people like?  It seems that shows are a lot about the people, so here we are observers, social observers, social scientists, so this term would be too big, keep it short, okay, they see what people are liking, right or wrong.  You should never enter too much, it is coming, it is coming, it is stupid, it is good, it is coming, every type of movie is good, if India was like in 1960, how was in 70, you cannot recognize if you are born in 2000, 95  I go to the movies and see which picture was a hit, with which ideology did the man align and after watching the 70's movie, after watching the 60's and 70's movie, it happens that boys  Because Nirupa Rai ji is running like this, she is working as a tailor and the girl's mother is roaming around wearing cut sleeves, so today no one respects the girl's mother in the society. The girl's mother is respected.  Sense does not ask if it is okay if her husband has gone, then she is the girl's mother, the boy's mother is taken care of because movies set us till 50 years, movies are very important to analyze every movie.  Comes out you should see what is the emotion behind it, when you awaken that emotion then the smart movie makers see what scene is there in the public and make the movie accordingly, okay and then that movie strikes. Sometimes the film makers get it right, sometimes they put it in their mind and there is a disconnect, the picture flops, but for observers it is very good.  Tool: 60's movie had a different theme, 70 's was different, then 80's was completely different, you know they just catered for a very low lower class audience because VCR had come and the middle class stopped going to movies and that.  Films used to be shown in film halls and they used to cater to the same audience. You all know that films keep evolving and hence films are a mirror of the society. If you people watch Jawan picture.  If I get a chance to watch Suppose, I will do a review for it if you want. Okay, but my review is a very different kind of review. I do a lot of reviews, but I do normal things like they do on channels, but this one does n't do it differently. What kind of learning do I do? Like I once did Kabir Kha Kabir movie and did two-four more movies like Top Gun. I don't watch many movies but whatever I watch, I try to watch them.  So that I can review them, if you want me to do a review then please write it in the comment section and if you have not subscribed to the channel then you can subscribe yet. Thank you very much.