Hello friends, today's interesting topic is who is narrating the story and to whom. It is a very deep topic, try to understand it carefully and you will get a lot of clarity and peace in these times. If I say this in English, then I am in this controlling D.  I am narrative and I am setting and I am RD players. I will tell you under the example that Mahabharata is our famous epic. Everyone knows that if you look at it carefully and understand then Pandavas, Yudhishthir ji  Draupti Jeeva Game Gambling Har Before that, if we Jain Dhritarashtra had won, he was blind, he was the succession plane, if he went to the court on this day, what kind of thing would he have got, what result would he have got that brother, he could not become the king because he had to become the elder brother but he could not become it. Because only Baaz Note is capable so younger brother can be that because of this date, earlier it used to be like this, there was a rule about such pampered money, otherwise even the younger one was told that he cannot make it bigger, now the lesser duty is this, but you become  Go, now her thief was Dhritarashtra, her son was Samar, so everything was fine there, so now I became the elder, so it is not said that because he did also, now who became this, then he became this, that means, how is a litigation divided?  Was n't he state forward and who did wrong and did what was right Pandavas also conspired with Shakuni but Pandavas also broke all the rules and defeated him in every way Now he was like Krishna ji, he was ours If we are with them then we make it clear to them that brother is the one who is God, he is the one with them, you have given them, you are good but that is narrative, it is not related to the song about it, don't put your mind in it, speak to other vices. Brother, why did Duryodhana's thigh be broken by Bhima? It was wrong to hit him with the belt and there was no way to die below that, then everything becomes moot, I will tell you that too and give my small example.  After watching, I would like to tell you guys, what happens many times is that most of the times it happens that you want to talk about something, want to give a message, there is some understanding of it and some different kind of people get stuck, now that  You seem to be subscribed but the man has to be filtered in it because sometimes what happens is that you are what you were and you will go to the cloud. Many a times this is happening with the politicians too, they want something but many are asking foolishly, even if they join, then that too is water.  How to make him angry, even then no one comes and says that he is wrong, now as I will tell you by taking my example, I had given a little hint in the previous video that I reviewed the movie Jawan and I found the picture useless, I found Shahrukh useless.  I don't think that this one of my favorite day before yesterday is okay in public. If you want then please write in the comment area. I had condemned the picture, people went and linked it to Shahrukh and Dharam and stuck to it.  He is going to do my Baba like this with me, it is absolutely right Guruji, he should not do this, brother, it is not wanted, you, I can speak, I don't want, hello, what have I done, have I hidden this concept, it was narrative, something was going on, it was sticky, something was descriptive, no?  Bill control this think, I am very good, I can take it like this, hey, this is a big subscribe, big people are liking it, I was thinking something, it went something but it happened, this thing has to be called out by the politicians also.  You should have the strength to come and say that brother, it is not like this, it is not right but no one crosses party lines, this model remains silent, they do not come even once and say like brother and I know no date, the day after tomorrow, sitting in a position. Off responsibility and figure means in power he would not want this but that is that now if Aankh speaks, the confusion will fail because the agenda was going well, what happens to him now? In these times, you cannot control, there cannot be any experiment with controlled fire, let's put the story today, put the story pepper, put the story agenda and that's it, it will be controlled, it will be taken out of hand, I saw it myself, I saw it myself, one of my reviews which is very  People liked it because in general I was talking about the movie, I did not like Gadar Tu too, even though I am genuinely talking about the movie, it is okay, that picture will be a hit, Halla Match Gaya, that happened, its marketing has been good, dates.  So these are the things, you are content and movie and they are one hour and date state face because I actually had no agenda without agenda also this happened this is what I am trying to tell you when does the narrative go away like taking the example of Mahabharata and told that  Those people have been doing it all the time and this is this, it is going to happen and if you say it now then it is straight but that if this happens then where will the excitement come from.  Because it is easy to understand what happens to people, if you make them black and white, if you do something in between then it is very difficult but today also when they have you elect people, they have you see, there is a problem in this also, there is a problem in this too, there is more in this, less in this.  Which is the red flag which one do I like? What can I rate the toll, what can't I rate the toll, this is the kind of decision making you have to do, you are not clear cut, something is good.  There is something big, what do you want, what is happening and according to it, everyone's power will be lost, like if a person comes and speaks to someone, then it is arrogant or does some such words, by doing this, arrogance is written on their face, one thing tells me till today.  I did not understand, those who are lying on the ground after being knocked down, who did not vote, those who did not get their SIM, those who still do not have the chase are arrogant and the topper students who are sitting there are not arrogant, that is, a student.  Number A is 30, number 33 is not going to pass and the one sitting at number 90 is a bell, tell him what are you proud of, but if someone says this again and again, I am example DK, I am telling you all.  I understand, everyone is watching, hello hello, he is an idiot, his SIM has not come, it is still not coming, it is not even possible that I will win by hitting sixes, the match between India and Afghanistan is going on, okay.  Meaning, I am telling you the level, I will do it like that and you will say that, you India Afghanistan, as soon as you say it, people get surprised, it is a very small team, sometimes they get surprised, but why are you so scared that I am brother, brother, I am absolutely there, please give a note aware call, I am people.  Do n't know things and say anything which is not connected to the ground. You can't speak arrogantly because when you speak arrogantly, it is seen that you are your own market. Brother, I am speaking right, I am speaking wrong. Write to me also. Judge me too, judge everything. Today's time, I am happy in every video. They connect me with different fairies. Till now I have uploaded 20 videos on this channel. In every video, I am on the side of one or the other.  It seems that I am that, I know that I am not on anyone's side, as I see it, this will be the biggest problem of today in our country, we will keep independent opinion, habit is which one, it is not like this.  of  Some blue group has to be told that I am traveling, you are opposite, you are positive, you are something, why can't there be 98 decisions in this that we are watching, we are watching the show, we will tell you, there is still a lot of time, brother Kant, they give this.  Wife, you are very bad again and again, I am sending messages to the politicians, whatever work you do, through social media, you are the public of Sarita media, high note, decided, public has not taken you too.  Will you give it? What will we get? No matter how much love you are getting, do a little hall to give it to me, what will happen if you give only one vote sir, give it along with your family, but for now, people will see where the story is going.  What happens is, I will request a few subscribes in the channel, because in this, people have to be enriched up to a level, after enriching a label, then YouTube removes it, I feel that my message is required in this country because of some such things.  Everyone has to hold their position, I like cashew katli, I like fig barfi, Yes, I am a samosa seller, Yes, I am a kachori seller, clearly, we are from Haryana, people from Haryana say, we are the bowl of your fear.  So everyone will eat, okay, Rasgulla is also singing well, okay, so this is what I want you to send the message across please, this is my request because this is from my video, we are going to a destination.  We will move forward until we have full clarity about what is happening in the society. Every time I want you to show me how to think, because the story is also no human being is coming, don't take the road friend, give me peace, sit down and talk, yes we will do the elections.  This is what is happening every year. Okay, there are 5 years of status elections. This has been happening for so many years. Why is there so much rebellion? Okay, he has also created more rebellion. Okay, so much.  People are not worried about their own 12th board exam, nor about any competitive exam, nor about their children's exam. I have seen people talking about how worried they are about their elders, no matter what government will come.  It doesn't matter if your child has any setting, he is middle class, no destiny, future is our future, if you come to the future, then talk about the present, we will talk about the future later. Okay, so set this narrative.  The one who is setting is the one who drives the gender. You are not in any part of D narrative. I want us to set our own. Every man is his own brother. You are telling this, all this is fine, it is good, yes, it is fine.  Tell me what is this What about this What about this What about me Director What about me So this is the way you bill start talking and the story This is what family WhatsApp group This is your friend Friends' Pierce's school time  Do n't talk about Facebook, talk about it, friend, let's talk about this too. I am not saying to be neutral at all, no one is neutral, there is no story, there is love, I am saying to be independent, meaning of independence [Music] I am thinking of independence easily.  Influence is ok thank you very match