Hello friends, there is 'Stalk Clock Syndrome' in Indian Politics, so this thing can be done in other things in life, but here I will tell you the unique thing, what is the unique thing, whatever the matter, we discuss it today, the story is also fine.  So any issue arises, one has to say this is not right, this is not right, this is not right, this is not right, this is all useless, bad and he is winning the argument, only then someone will come and say what about this, tell me this.  that's fine And this is also fine, so when it is fine then this is its advantage, this is why I linked it with the clock because if the cell of your watch is removed or the band gets damaged and the watch has a band and it is fixed on the wall and It is showing the correct time at 6:00 and has not budged but still it is showing the correct time twice a day. Brothers and sisters, tell me. It is showing the correct time at 6:00 twice a day. The rest of the time is wrong but during the day.  When 6:00 pm  If it rings then you can claim that the clock is fine because it needs time. Suggest that some setting should be made in such a way that if the clock strikes 12:00 then we will take credit i.e. anything that has gone up, any thing, this is also on personal level.  It happens in homes too, it happens at the institutional level too, it happens at the national level too, political parties also do that by making something good out of something, it happens like playing 12 every day.  If you want to play in the afternoon, then the one who plays at 12:00 in the afternoon, no one can play the rock, but the one who sleeps at 12:00, see this at the top, brothers and sisters, the word A Jo Sab A Jo Sab A Jo  At 12:00 everyone came, hey, what at 12 o'clock, very nice, very nice, many people will come and say, we are like me and this and this, now she has taken it brother, you people, many people said, many people did not say that. Sometimes it will come down, just like it has a wheel, brother, it goes down as well, goes up as well, then goes down, like this, when it's 6:00, then the bill comes like me from the note, because I have seen all this, I am beyond them.  I am your woman, but who will call someone like me, I am also an aunt, so what if I went to someone else's bank, what happened at 6:00, I was not there, what is our fault in this, what is her fault, what is our fault, what is the fault in your mind.  Isn't it a comedy that is being sent off by not liking you and if someone records it then they will say that there is a difference of 6 hours in everyday life in real life, there can be a difference of 6 months, it can be of 3 months, 8  If it is of the month then selectively clap at 12:00 o'clock and say at 6:00 o'clock, hey, you don't have intelligence, discretion and consciousness, so I am not a famine, what is the point in clapping at 6:00, whose  Do this, hey and you are like no, the idiots also shout more because what happens is that shouting requires energy. An intellectual type of person who has a brain, spends his energy in sleeping and cannot spend some in shouting.  If you are tired of your mind and have told him just one basic thing, then if he pushes you too much, then the intellectual cannot rock the one who shouts, because he is too noisy, so whatever argument he has, it will be done, right? Emotions will become heavy, either man, what will happen or two or four things will happen, either one man will get scared because the next one is shouting or mother lo, he will not even get scared, he is a bit domineering, he is also like that, so his voice is not ready to listen to the rider and he  He made so much noise by shouting that all the people around could hear him, not him, friend, let this brother also speak, listen to him too, otherwise you won't hear him, he is shouting, it's 6 o'clock, what's the point in this?  Yes, this is what happens, then many people are in favor of this, yes, it is about the right thing, but they do not know that when you were playing at 12:00, you had taken a clipping, what was the purpose of that, so what is happening many times in life.  In India, what is happening in our country, it is doing very well, it is doing badly, it is an elephant, it is not in anyone's control, there is a strong direction, then is it that many things are not in the hands of many people, like inflation?  inflation is in someone's hands  If there is a reduction in it, then why does one always want to do more, no one would want to do it, it can be controlled by making it artificial for both, because to control it, if you read the notes by throwing them, then you are not getting tax because you have done something there.  If you have given Chhath, then basically you are robbing Paul of some fear to Peter, it is said that you are giving to Peter, Robin Paul, now take that of Paul from here, people very nicely give some subsidy here, dog, then a little here.  Artificial cannot be done more than that for 2-4 6 months because if you take too much of it, it will run away, then there will be no one to loot it, there will be no one to kneel, then it will become a false rule, at least one tabla is lost.  They are not getting angry, they have to believe because they are more in numbers, they talk about those who are more in numbers, these people sit and look at them, they are the bread and butter, this I still don't understand, the middle class belongs to the poor, to the poor.  happens again  If you are asking why the poor have bread, it is being given to them for free, then I know one truth about it, which I know, I will make it for you, because even free food is more expensive than the middle class. There is a truth about it, if  If you want to hear the true video, then write the free dish in the comment area so that you can know the truth about the free dish. We are not from the lower class, if they are not going to be made because do you know it or not?  The politician is not having much fun with this going.  Where were the numbers, I made a video earlier also, you have to consolidate your numbers, brother is a great need, some political representation of the middle class, religion, caste, army represented in the political system, becoming a leader for everyone while not becoming one.  This thing is good for everything, this thing is good, this is just good, so if the middle class has to become the actual chair leader then why do they pay so much tax?  I am feeling pain that you don't tell the government to cut the tax by 65%, I really want it, my passion is very high for the country, I have got a lot of nationalism, I am ready to tell you a story of nationalism as well, which is how I capitalized on ₹ 5000. Even in countries where GDP has gone historically, there is a lot of nationalism, it starts decreasing after 5000 dollars and it starts at 10000 dollars.  It happens, this is the journey of every country, don't stop it too much, it is bound to happen, the intellectuals who are telling me on my channel, I am not trying to stop anything, I am not even talking about bringing about change in such a way that only such change happens.  First of all, let's look at the table of an intellectual to see what is happening, there are no intellectuals, thinking citizens are disappearing in this country, everyone is sitting with some pollution of their own, it is not understood that Running till 10000, which one is right, new can be decided, like that, I told you that 12:00 is gone, 6:00 is gone anytime, you have to understand the thing very well, it is easy to be seduced, it is difficult to understand, that is why it is difficult.  If it is not being reduced then people do not understand then this is what you have to keep as your focus. Whatever headlines have come from this channel and other vices also, whatever things have been told, they should understand it. Try to understand deeply and make dots first of all, then they can be connected beautifully later, you can do as you were told, he has said that report has come, this one has done that, here has come her, all this is ours inside this.  The game is a very big game, so watch it comfortably. I also told you the story to change your ideology. I am for him. Keep your WhatsApp status open, your DP on your Twitter, all the political statuses which you can write about marriage and his.  i every In the fourth and fifth video, I will remind you not to decide, if you want power, you come because of you, very if I don't have it anywhere today, know your political affiliation, your WhatsApp, your Twitter, your messages and your reaction to one such thing on Twitter.  It is known that you declare yourself first. The middle class is walking with its stomach open. The man who shows his stomach in the first game can never win the game. This is the game of life.  We're all playing Ca n't run away It's already happened Now I have to concentrate on her You need you get de fox and lime light on yourself Always come to de different place And you'll keep suffering like this from mole to mole And in everything  You will go to give your opinion, every issue will blow such a balloon and you will go to give the issue, this is something which you need, you against God please share  This video thank you very much