Hello friends, today we will discuss about two things, the episode of Swati Maliwal ji and a short interview of PM Modi ji in which he is talking about 125 days, so we will talk about two things and how will you like it, tell me comments.  I must write, so the first thing I start with is the episode with Swati Maliwal ji, it is an unfortunate episode, it is not a good episode, initially it seemed like it was a miss behaviour, now I am telling you that whoever has appeared in the media, slapped me five or six times. Or have you misbehaved? So when I was telling you earlier that the issue of removing Kejriwal ji was a master stroke of BJP, it is very difficult. I feel a little stressed in saying that you are a party which does petty politics.  So when you do petty politics with others, the same petty politics happens with you. What is BJP, it is a national party, so it does politics in every domain, it will also do petty politics, it will also do local, it will also do its, it will also do its, it will also do visionary.  And they have captured all the bandwidth. Aam Aadmi Party people have not risen above this. Now they are getting so much embarrassment due to this incident that now Kejriwal ji was doing a joint press conference with Akhilesh ji, all that focus went here and then he  If you use the mic like this, it is looking, that means there is a feeling coming from inside, call it sympathy, I will not use the word pity because even if you  Do n't agree with some big policies and you are not a fan but it feels a bit like where has this guy got stuck, now after talking to him, Akhilesh ji must be thinking, why did I call Aam Aadmi Party now? Is it election vote in UP?  Dila Dagi, I myself do n't understand what was the need to hold that press conference, then they gave it to him, then Akhilesh ji started speaking, when Akhilesh ji started speaking, brother, whatever media is there, it would have become media for these parties.  Isn't it Godi Media, the second part I will cover is how the feeling is there, you tell the whole thing here, you tell me, those are more important things, they also took out the slip, they released it on Akhilesh ji, these people will not listen, they again took the mic.  You did this like this, you did the mike, then Sanjay ji, this is the good of his deputy or the one who is your leader's, and after doing this, they started again, Hey BJP, BJP, that woman wrestler, this is that, hey woman.  The case of the wrestler is going on, he has been admitted, all the action has been taken, everything is happening and the public will answer, but you tell me this, now Swati Maliwal ji has written that although he should get protection, he should not be politicized, it is politics.  Madam, you, Swati Maliwal ji herself, because she has been involved in all this, has done a lot of politics against women, now Revanath can do it, if that is happening in Karnataka then it is happening, it is right, it should definitely happen. If anything wrong happens anywhere in the life of a woman, people will say, now you have also spoken, everyone has spoken, now unfortunately it has happened to you, now someone will say in it that brother, tea should be served in the drawing room by going to the CM's house, there should be Aadhaar.  If you should wait then who has beaten him, now that name has been given to the opposition person by Sirsa ji, someone from BJP is his own, he is saying that he has taken the name of Sunita Kejriwal ji, now this sensitization has happened, is n't it?  Now that man, a normal man, would think that why would he hit someone with such a PA, it is not true, a great post, okay and they say that he doesn't even make much noise, so on someone's advice, now he would hit someone on someone's advice.  Also, why did we kill at his request, now this is the Indian mind, I will not use the word dirty Indian mind, that we think dirty, but sometimes we have to think logically also, a woman has gone to someone's house, his wife.  Normally, by saying Namaste, by saying Hello, Hi, how are you, are you a member of Rajya Sabha? Okay, you will have to ask these questions, I am not scandalizing here, but brother, this is a logic, for how long will they do this, why did you get this done, if it happens?  So if you got it done then you should ask for tea, talk comfortably, you should say hi hello, only then I am saying that when Kejriwal ji makes people vomit, not Modi ji, they are secure and will expel Yogi ji.  Have you fired Raman ji or have you fired Shivraj ji, have you done this? Hey, you too have done this. Who are the Rajya Sabha members you have appointed? Is any Rajya Sabha member working for you except Gupta ji who is contesting elections in Kurukshetra?  If you have, then tell me, all the singers are giving commentary. If you had included Yogendra Yadav, if you had included Kumar Vishvas, you would have included Prashant Bhushan and there are two or four more names who are not that famous but they are very.  The level of dissent of your party would have been high. In the Parliament, those people would speak, the learned people would speak, they would speak boldly and your party too had insecurity. You cannot depute anyone by going to jail. You are saying no, I will contest the elections from here even if.  Whatever it may be, because they want me like this and others say with a sigh that I have no greed. Firstly, I know all these politicians, it feels good to speak, if there is no greed, then why elections?  Why are you fighting in this heat, why are you doing this, not me, I want to serve you, I want to become the third time, someone wants to become CM, someone wants to become PM, tell me, where is my friend, what is the greed in this? Want power, want means be natural, do n't even say that I am very greedy for power, but I don't want this mask again and again, I just want to serve, in Haryana they say gal, sans gal, meaning Kejriwal ji, breath.  me some  I don't want it, I left the job of Ayres, the job of Ayres is nothing, there is nothing, the job of IRS is nothing in front of power, the job of IRS is nothing in front of the councilor, where did people tell that I know the job of Ayres? No, will it be great? Is it great if someone is showing the work of theft to him that if he could have eaten like this, then if he did not eat in any other way then it is a normal job. Yes, the starting salary today is 66100 basic salary. You are getting DA, you will get HRA on 501 rupees, so what is so great in it, I kept thinking this again and again that how long will these people keep eating bread, hey, when will becoming CM of Delhi become less than the IRS of Delhi, you had to do politics.  Curry, you worked hard, did a very good job, you struggled, you were not born out of nepotism, you struggled, it is very praiseworthy, but I had left him like this again and again, so I told him that this is this embarrassment.  It will cost you a lot of votes. I was already telling you that you are going to BJP after leaving behind a lot from Congress. This is yours and then this is us, we have abused them, we have abused them so much, we have abused them so much, now if you make us sit together then you will feel uncomfortable. People feel that those who were inside the party for so many years are leaving Chandigarh, so I was saying this only that what was it earlier, they were not expelled, they were inside, so that footage was going to be useful. Congress was  Now the entire Congress will bear the loss of their exit. It is possible that Congress may lose two or three seats in Punjab, it may lose Chandigarh, these fights are going on in these cycles, it is possible that it is not sure if it is okay and Delhi.  It is possible that what could have been done for two or maybe even three may now come only for one or there is not even one. If it is possible then there will be no benefit and yes master, it is sad that BJP people do not know how to do politics. How sad should you be, do something.  ASA commentator  Some big witness also comes because Aam Aadmi Party will have to get up from this petty politics. Now they are embarrassed like anything. Now let's discuss it and go further than this. We saw an interview of the PM who was saying something for 125 days and 100 days. 125 What?  It seems like a match fixing type interview. They all are sitting there like fan boys and are not even asking questions. In the entire interview, they ask questions to Agniveer once.  Friend, yes, we will employ, we will give the feedback. They wanted a feedback from the youth, they would have given some feedback from the youth in 25 days. Friend, do this to Agni, did you do that, that is not the point of the country, that Anjana Om Kashyap ji.  It's okay and one English one Rahul Tavar cover sorry cover cover It's okay two and the third one is a woman I am forgetting her name, she is also very famous and and she Sudhir ji, there is competition among these four.  What is happening is that who will bring more meaning on the facial expressions, as if there are no fan boys, he is like this and he is relaxed like this, man, this is the way this newspaper works, we, ours, I, I am not a journalist, but people like me are made to sit.  Two, I can ask such good questions to any leader with so much respect, with so much dignity, with so much love, and it will not at all seem like I will not behave like Karan Thapar. Do you know about Karan Thapar?  and why  You do that yaar bekari hai ok hai and the way Arnav Goswami conducted himself in that famous interview which he had with Rahul Gandhi aa wat ya woh anyway nahi pyaar se aaram se yaar tell yeh do yaar yeh toh ok nahi hai pyaar se to  He is not a journalist at all, I don't know, no one gives an interview to Shekhar Gupta ji and does not go to take it, is it okay or are some of the rest of our journalists also good, so this is also a vacuum in journalism too.  There is a vacuum, in this vacuum, wherever I get a little space, I also try to enter a little. Many people were telling me like this when I initially channeled that I should only contest elections, I should never contest elections, I am a good person. You can say, funny, cute, popular, if you want to become a journalist, if you say, look at this channel with a little journalistic eyes, do not see with these eyes that I am batting for a particular political party or I am supporting myself.  We have to do elections, it's not like this, it's okay, it's not like this, I don't roam around in this much heat, brother, we are like this all the time, okay, it's not in our capacity to do so much because we enjoy other things too, okay, so it's like this.  How many interviews are being done? How many interviews are being done? They are not being left anywhere and what is happening is that there is a different language in the interviews. If you go there then there is a different language and those who check in the media are watching but those who  It is being told there that if he goes to Andhra Pradesh, he will make Andhra Pradesh the number one state, if he goes to Orissa, he will make Orissa the number one state, old recording of Karnataka, he will make Karnataka number one, how many number one will you make? Friend, how many more number one will you make? So who was stopping you till now, I mean, you had to wait till the elections, they would have worn it in our Haryana, this is not a joke, I feel like telling a little, okay, it is like this.  Grandfather  The grandson has grown old and is sitting fine and the grandfather is in trouble, the father is in trouble, this is who will serve him now, that time comes, who will look after the old man, this happens in families and the elder one.  If you have a family, have many children, then one grandson approach is okay, okay Dada, you make such and such a plot in my name, then see if I do any service for you, then it is okay, only then I will translate it a little in English. Please put that plot in my name then see how much I will serve you then the dada says that you are waiting for that plot only, it is not the same, the public also has to ask it is the exact equivalent of that that you give us I will vote for you, if you are in the center, then make him whatever you want, give him, what is this or not, you give me a seat in the center also. Give this state to me, then I will create a double engine government. Looking forward to the double engine government, what will be played after this election, in the coming time, we will have to create a ridiculous situation and jokingly ask these questions through Wang.  Want without feeling touchy I think this is again a motive of this channel No ill will to be put on the politician Do n't call the politician very dirty But embarrassment I don't want that the politician is hated Yes, it is our blood, we are our brothers, we are the Indians who came out of us, it is not that all these politicians are from some other country and have come from that place.  I am some of them, I will say I may be most of them, I mean good, but sometimes the biggest problem of staying in power is that there is so much struggle to stay in power that there is no energy left to do any kind of work.  Every person comes for this thinking that he doesn't know what great thing he will do but his 95 energy, time and focus comes in staying in that power because he does and this is our Ben, we will discuss this many times further. Right now the election time is going on, after this if you want, brothers and sisters, then it will be discussed and it will be a lot of fun, you guys can subscribe the channel and if you haven't done so yet, share and like it. I will make a few requests leader  The type is fine, not one or two votes. Subscribers please from anywhere in the family, whatever they enjoy, whatever politics they watch, it will reduce the decibel level. I want to teach them how to enjoy politics, that in our India.  They say that friend, do n't discuss politics according to manners, we should not fight, we should know how to discuss politics, you are from that party, I am from some other party.  Well, I don't belong to any party right now, but if there are people of two different ideologies, then you should know how to talk from both sides. I, when there is such a conversation between five-six people, I play the role of an anchor in it. Yes, you too.  Answer this thing like if you get a chance to sit somewhere, that's fine, then I want that too and I want one more thing, I don't know, through Zoom it will be possible that many of you consider yourself to be a political analyst type. want  So, can we discuss on the platform? There are recordings on TV channels like these that yes, you said this, let us also debate like this, choose a topic, you are my real subscribers, I would like to give them the opportunity of the platform. Become a member of my channel. It is a very small fee but it will be fun. You will get a platform in other wise. There is no way of knowing you. If you become a member then you are like a member of some club.  Only if you can afford it, you will be allowed to jump in the swimming pool, otherwise no one will call you like this, okay, it is a small fee, I think, I don't even remember, it is around 50 per month, so I say, it should be done in a few days.  And if you enjoy it, whoever is ready to become a member and who has taken the membership, please write to me and connect with me, I have a very popular number etc. People are very easily accessible to me, I am very easily accessible in this through mobile.  Okay, although I don't meet anyone, but we will have this discussion. Common man's discussion will be very good for me. Are you from any state or from Haryana, we will discuss comfortably and everything is among ourselves, it is not us but ours.  Whoever is my subscriber and who becomes my member, then I am sure whatever opinion he may have, but I am sure that he will talk comfortably and lovingly because that is the M. I want that we can laugh and discuss politics.  can discuss with pleasure And if you enjoy, then you will also see some of my podcasts coming and it is okay to enjoy that too, many people have taken my opinion on politics and on this, I am also becoming a small star like this, okay, so I am on this channel.  I want you all to join me through this, you also come and record, why are we all these journalists who have become so big, they are that kind of knowledgeable people, we are also knowledgeable, everyone is knowledgeable, so if you would like to join, please.  Come and I may want to moderate some of the debates and we may discuss some issues. I would like to do this so please you will enjoy. Okay and what is that next? This channel is fun, here I can also give my opinion.  I can speak and also listen, yes, obviously she will be in a civilized world, it will not be like this, it is okay that these users, who have such wrong IDs, all write bad things to me, till date I have used the proper name like My name is your name, so till date I have not seen that Rohit Sharma is writing anything else dirty, his name must be strange, when he has kept the name, he has kept the user ID because I will write everything dirty, dirty, okay, so this is also a  If there is a thing then I hope you people will join in this thing and will enjoy it because the story will not end with the elections now. After the elections, the government formation is the cabinet formation. Who should become the minister or not? Opinion halla first. Tell me, we can influence everything. We always feel as if some of the people around me seem to know me. Chhota, what happens to you? It does matter, brother, it does matter. Please give me intelligent advice. Do I have any misunderstanding somewhere?  It is not that the content on all my channels across them is making a difference to the society. Someone may call me a misunderstanding but I have no misunderstanding. Tell me completely whether it is there or not and that is my Motivates to do that in a practical way, do not treat anyone like this is dirty, this is dirty, that is, I am not like that, give good advice to everyone, whoever takes it, it should be good for the society, it should be for the good of the country, someone should follow the advice.  It is even better if you have a party and do everything, so I have always raised such issues and will continue to raise them in the future too. Middle class is my core audience. I raise the issues of the middle class, not those of the lower class.  I don't take care of poor people because there are many people for them. Not that my heart doesn't beat or I am a very selfish person or I am only a rich person, it is not like that but there is a special section about which no one is asking, so that is my core.  The audience is the same, it is okay and now everyone is crazy about that stranger's wedding, that person is doing that work, those people are okay, so the aim of the content is to keep it light, learn and enjoy.  Should learn how to enjoy discussing politics also it is inevitable we will have to discuss it. It seems that from inside everyone feels like not to do it but people are afraid that this fight will happen, so this should not happen if we have a mature society.  We have to build this channel and it will grow slowly, you people know that it will grow, you people will also support us and we have to take the level of this debate up towards happiness in life.  You have to take us towards peace, we have to discuss, you are very middle class children, the corporate people say that we don't want to discuss, no no, we don't have to do it like this, if the day you stop discussing politics, especially you read it.  It is written and your horizon is the view point, everything is there, but someone else will capture it all, then the same discussion will continue on politics, then you will ask why this discussion is happening because you have stopped participating and discussing. Given fact, if you are educated, if you are an intellectual, if you have knowledge, if you have exposure like I claim, I have, then we have to set the narrative that the public should ask this to the politicians and then the politicians are forced to discuss these issues also this is  The only way we will do otherwise is that even after 50 years from today, Mangalsutra will be gone. They will open the buffalo and take it away. These people will remove the reservation, Congress.  They will remove the reservation, someone will increase it, someone will reduce it, brother, this discussion will continue, this level debate will continue and then they will keep saying oh this is the level, what have you done, what hard work have you put in to improve it, you are very intelligent, aren't there many people who would write like this? And she becomes hopeless, you are very smart, what hard work have you done, I am working hard, support me, you also come and debate and then say, friend, why discuss all this, and one day will come.  When the rest of the lower class today is the middle class of tomorrow, India will also become a middle income country in 102 years, then only the middle class will be there. Seeing everything in one day is very big fat, then these new members will come to us, neither will this  This will also change when they become middle class, they too will have to discuss some such things, so from now onwards we will talk about intelligence, we will shift the narrative towards intelligence. How did you like this video?  tell share thank you very much