Hello friends, I want to tell you about the Hathras incident which is very unfortunate and which is not discussed. I want to discuss it and unfortunately neither the politicians are able to catch it, nor the public is able to catch it, nor the media is able to catch it, nor YouTube is able to catch it, nor Godi.  If the media was able to catch it or someone else could catch it, then I caught that thing and you guys tell me whether you agree with it and that thing is also a topic of discussion. Look, one topic is that 121 people. They are unfortunate, whatever has to happen means it is natural, okay, it is like in whose event it happened, only then is the person the rest of the law, what will be its course, they will know what will happen next, but what has not been discussed, I have to discuss that.  That discussion has to be done why do so many people go to Babas that there is one at every level, the poor have different Babas, the rich have their own sophisticated ones, the middle class is swinging.  It is somewhere in the middle, it is hovering around, that is okay and that is why I can say with this confidence that I have very good knowledge about this phenomenon because you can say this, small and fat Guruji, I am also Baba, but not Baba.  I feel like I am afraid of speaking, but many people like my talks, I find them very soothing, many different webinars join them and I am very conscious of this effort. How do I save myself from this?  And how do I save others? I save myself from two or three things. I never meet anyone. The second thing I say is, I consult, return to you and give me money. The moment you don't meet people, the moment people are on you as if you are very good.  He feels very good if he gives money and then suddenly he becomes a little guarded, then you, then you are no longer a good person, in his eyes, those people are fine because we, because what is there, there are two models, one is a model or good-good.  Talk useful, do logical things, get people above one IQ level and give them consultation if they need it or they should understand the things and earn money through it like mine, whatever I say, whatever I do, it is for  Earning Money That's One Aspect If You Take The Money Equation Out Of It I Won't Do The Moment I Tell This So I'm In The Very Safe Zone Then My Co  If something is clinging like this or hanging, then it is a different matter, okay, but this is the zone, but the rest of the guys do not do this, they come from a very high moral point that you will be like this for you, I am your savior, you are with me.  You will get some freedom or you will get some identity or you will come to know that your life is like a woman. Sometimes a Dalit says that some woman belongs to a poor family and comes from a backward society.  The community speaks, if it says something then he is troubled because of his gender, he is troubled because of his caste, okay he is troubled because of his poverty, that means trouble, look at the power cube will be the cube now in such a time. Someone will come and say some good things. Accept it. Okay, so you understand that no one is listening to him, no one is listening to him in the society, he is not being listened to in poverty, he is not being listened to at home. I told you about gender issues.  issues these  The issue is of course it is easy to become something and everyone's formulas are different. I tell people simply, earn Rs. 1 lakh from 100 people, you are fine in any way, the answer is not crores, and if you earn Rs. from lakhs of people, it is still a crore answer.  Okay, the question is that earning Rs. 00 is much easier than anyone, you will agree, the only question is lakhs of people.  Gather That's Itchy Hold Of People I Will Not Demonize These Baba's Also More Okay Why They Are Needed Is That Nobody Is Talking About The Mental Health Of This Country We Have A Mental Health Pandemonium In This Country The Government Is Sleeping  The media is lying and no one wants to believe it, because when they say mental health, they say they are mad, meaning if a person is  10. Take a scale of mental health from zero to 10, if 10 is the end, the person is crazy, if you call him that, then many people would be roaming around even at two, three, four, five, six, seven, or if zero is like the supreme knowledgeable person in the state of salvation. Gyani Sri Sri is one who does such things, if zero is on state means zero is hair, good state means mental state means absolutely fine and if 10 is passed then tennis is good, everybody will.  Give up brother, now its treatment is in psychiatrist word, that is, not even by taking medicine, not even by taking sleeping pills, not even by consultation, not by counseling, not by anything, so brother, now the treatment will be the same, it will have to be kept separately in the food. If it is that 10 then brother, many people are roaming around on 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. I want to tell you this and no one is even recognizing them because it is a stigma even with little stress.  Issues are constant stress, depression, anxiety, confusion, rest, every body of us go through that which upsets someone on a sustained basis, all of them create an exit route and especially the poor woman is unable to speak because  Just as I tell about women, I should also tell a little about religion, our pilgrimages and all these things, going to the mountains, going here to an average woman.  If you tell her, she will say, take me child on a pilgrimage, then the man will say, yes man, it is okay, mother is asking for pilgrimage, the wife will go, he will tell her, take me for a tour, take me to Sealand, take me to Kullu Manali, otherwise not Kullu Manali.  Taking it has become an issue, I am hinting at something that this is our culture, this is our religion, we talk about Sanatan very deeply and that is that he knew what was the status of women. What is the status of the people, so all these things were made, all these were made late because no brother, there are no doctors, so many people are having mental issues, what is the epidemic in India, no one is saying, there is a person in every house whose name is unknown.  Know that there are some issues in this, it can be on medication also and the rest also when one thing like this happens then it engulfs one or the other, that is also there and sometimes what happens is that people are on medication because of this. These  While eating, there will be someone who will unfortunately suffer, this is also a rule of law and this is a problem in big families and I want to talk about this, if there is hand juice, then drive unfortunately also, when you are chasing the World Cup like a crazy butch. There were so many slippers and the shoes have come out like this, they have not come out like this, there is a stampede, no one's shoes come out like this, you all know and you cannot go back and take it just  Because someone there unfortunately means okay, we survived on Marine Drive. I used to think that the people of Mumbai would not be that poor. Those who live in Mumbai are not that poor, isn't it? And I hope there would be quite a few educated people too. Look, thirty lakhs are going like this and permission was taken there, but there is BCCI, who is the secretary of BCCI and you know all that, okay, there is permission there, it is their government, there is no one there.  There is no problem and if a scandal happens there then it will come out again. Why was the permission not taken? Quickly the question is, all this is an issue in India, there is a crowd here and all this is there but the question is this.  Why do people go to Bhageshwar Dham to get the slip? I had also made a video once. People could not understand it at that time. People thought that it was good if he was talking about religion whereas I was not talking about any religion in it.  I was not saying it according to the rules, I was saying that after going to Bhageshwar Dham, someone's slip is issued to someone from Bhageshwar Dham. Is that right or wrong? I am saying that people get relief by going there. You are an alternate relief. No, in India many times one gets fooled and sometimes something happens. Why should we comment? If so many people are going, we have to ask why people are going. They should go to a professional because whoever goes.  I have been to these babas and are depressed and unhappy, no one comes to me in happiness, I am also an astrologer, okay, I am a good astrologer, but brother, no one comes to me in happiness, okay, no one comes to me in happiness, we are now in astrology.  If you take money by becoming a consultant, then our Baba type is like that. We don't allow it to happen on our own, otherwise at some times you can be of real help. I am telling you that this is the situation of mental health in India. If you are someone  There is no need to even speak to a normal man, listen to him politely and lovingly on a consistent basis. You can still have him be your fan. I am telling you how good this is because neither his father nor husband nor brother listens to him.  Neither do the children listen, nor does anyone else listen and you are just listening, yes, sister, no, not very bad has happened to you, no, this is very wrong, we are okay, no, you do n't do this, I am not making fun of women here. I am here I am not demeaning anyone, I am telling one thing about the system, Indian India needs lax and lax of mental health doctors, lax and lax of consult and counselors. Look in essence, psychiatrist is there to give medicine, but even in situations below medicine, people  There will be a place where there is no need of medicine, only someone can be found who can talk, one can only be found who can listen, one can be found who can give a little perspective change, that yes, life is tough but it is for everyone.  It is tough and it is for me also and 50 people come to me like this every day. It is tough for them too. Yes, no problem, if you don't get a job, then it does n't matter that many people are not busy, do your work, okay, there is a problem in the marriage, the marriage is going on.  Yes, this is how I am and this is how it is going on, otherwise you stay away. Yes, do something like this, there is no one to tell, there is no counselor or consultant, and on top of that, Indians are not used to being in the market.  They are used to paying them, they are used to going to Baba and paying them, why Baba will do it in a real world, will it take you to a different world, what is the work of Baba, I will tell you, understand it carefully, it is a deep video, it will do good to the society, even if it is a little long. Understand what I am saying, let me tell you youngsters, if you are the scientific people who do not go to Baba, when you go to a cinema to watch a movie, how do you feel if the movie.  It is nice especially if it has good visual effects or romance is happening or hills are visible or the heroine is cute or there is an action sequence Visualize any movie Why do you like it when you go to the cinema hall Specially watch a big picture Let's top gun, those big jha zhu are flying and there is background music and Tom Cruise is feeling good, someone or the girls are feeling like whatever the account is you  Visualize, I am going to say sometime, there we go, what happens when we sit in a cinema hall, a decent one, it gets dark, something comes on the screen, we get away from our reality for two-three hours.  That's why we get lost, watch the movie with the characters, be it a bad picture or if you don't understand, if Lal Singh comes in chadda, he will get upset, okay, but let's accept that there is some taste in the picture. Ficus religiosa  We are enjoying that experience and we are getting cut off. Baba ji also does the same thing, he will sit like I mean I too, I do n't go to satsang but then also do what ever I do and I talk like this workshop etc. and tell some things.  Yes, people come by paying money, sometimes it is free, you can take membership of 5050 channels, you will get content beyond the rest of my channels, I am telling you.  People, learn this from me, Blue Ocean Opportunity and we should not become Baba and should not do wrong work either. We do not get 'I' from anyone because what happens when you get narcissism, isn't he wandering in spiritual narcissism Baba?  He is a narcissist, I will give you freedom, I will tell you, the public will sit with crores of subscribers, they will come and meet again and again, give money to the organization, give it to him, then it will be easy to cut it off in one go.  Tell me, brother, I will take such a big thing and I will tell you something one on one and I will tell you that brother, I will tell you practically, never anyone, today I am going to give such a big knowledge, okay because what is it, you understand that we will abuse the babas like this saying. We don't talk about why there is alcohol, why are people drinking alcohol? It is something like that it is an addiction. A lot of people go to alcohol thinking that it will be fun and people also enjoy it.  I don't drink alcohol, but those of you who drink, tell me, I have never drunk, but I still understand the phenomenon because I tell people again and again that if you come to me, the difference is like in practice or in some baa jo Baba.  The good one is the supposed test should be that if I am good then you need not have to come to me again and again first of all the very fact you need if I make  If I create a need that you need to come to me every time For what ever that means Then there is no difference between me and others I want to be your woman Any person who is good will empower you and make you strong Don't tell you that  We are weak, he will say that you are weak, but this is not even weak and there is no need to be so strong and there is no need to depend on anyone, anything.  You will be given something so that you do not feel helpless. Mostly I have seen the Babas in this Baba circuit that they say that whatever you get, you will get it from me, you have to come to me again and again, they make you addicted.  This is absolutely addictive and ladies, we are women, they cannot drink alcohol openly, they cannot smoke cigarettes, but they also have pain in their mind, so they are more vulnerable, that's what I want to say, you have to check and this is just me.  Look poor people, my audience is not poor, I say it outright but this phenomenon is happening in middle class, upper middle class and rich too. Even among the rich, people have kept private babies. Okay Guruji, by saying that, you are telling everyone.  You call yourself, you are good, I am just a name, I am a consultant only for branding, the one with money is fine, those who come also get money, they get even more, Shraddha  We have a fee to speak like I am no difference from a CA or a lawyer or any architect or any you know doctor or any buddy else, so I am in that category but in this category anything can happen, get used to it.  Once again I will tell you and the family the problem of the rich, once the father of the family becomes the mother of Guruji, then the child will have to be on his own, the daughter-in-law will come from outside and she will say, what a mess is this here. Guruji decides everything. Look, whenever any person has any issue, I am giving you a hint to all of you, that whenever yours, whatever you can feel through your eyes, nose, through five senses.  Even if someone takes you somewhere else through these five senses, there is something else, maybe sometimes I also say this, but beyond that, I give a lot of emesis that there is something else and you cannot understand and even if I can understand, then the story.  In  The problem is that I am giving you a hit which can give you some logic within your five senses, whether it is a man or it can be a woman, it can be a Guru or a mother, it can be all the five senses which can be felt by your eyes, ears and brain. And the touch and smell and all these senses can satisfy you in terms of your curiosity, your pain and sorrow and logically tell you anything, whether it is using religion in it or not. Use spirituality, no matter what you do, but explain it logically when they say that it is not like this, it is something like that, you don't know, by doing this, then the matter gets messed up, this is what we have to see, then Hath Ras wale incidents are not only limited to gatherings.  Will happen in India, religious gathering takes place, there is also stamp paid, the question is whether it is such a simple thing in such a religion, can any gathering and stamp be done at any time?  You will never see a rich man in it. Why does a dying poor person die? Don't ever even think about whether a rich person is not religious or not. He does not die, but you will see because what is the reason for dyspareunia? It will be stamp paid. Look carefully and this is what I am saying to all the administration people.  And I am also telling him that if a big star comes somewhere, Justin Bieber, this and that, and you have made a system for him where people can touch him, either do this or you have made the stage so far that no one can even jump.  If it can be seen from a distance of 100 meters, then it is a safe zone. People are not dyspareunia, they will be happy but I am dyspareunia, we should not spread the situation. Look, I will tell you that this is how food is opened somewhere, it is okay to have such free food, I told people.  I have seen them breaking down like animals and I have seen them falling and I have seen it like this, I mean you and also they are not so poor poor people, I am telling them it is okay and  Even if someone is poor, no one is hungry, the government is providing food in India, but the fact is that wherever you see it being dispatched, don't yourself ever go in such places, there is some dyspepsia, then the issue will become very big, where do these people.  Go become so many people are having mental health issues they feel like they go I 'm telling you I'm not kidding I mean you are listening to me a In the particular time, listen calmly. There is logic in my voice. Many people find peace in my voice. You can find peace in someone's voice. He should know how to touch the pain points like you, but I also realize that  I do n't want to take advantage of these things, I want to help you, one thing is to take advantage of that, you will have to come to me again and again, take a little and give something, then come again Baba ji is good, if you go to Baba ji. Looks good, real Baba ji and  Guruji is the one who tells you the formula to make you feel good wherever you want in your life, go anywhere you want, you feel good and you feel good even without him and and you feel good with your husband, who tells you that you feel good in your life.  How do you feel good with children, how do you feel when alone with yourself, that is good, the real Guruji, Guruji is the test, if the first thing is that Guruji's words should seem logical, then what is good in good, so I am telling you that all drugs feel good, people.  What they do to someone who drinks alcohol Ask how it tastes, someone will say, it looks very dirty, it is bitter, it is poison, it is just like this, I look at it with hatred and smell it and drink it, people discuss it, a channel has been made on youtube1, she is like that, she is like this, this one is strong.  This is aromatic, I said brother, it is amazing, I mean there is so much pleasure in this as well as in seeing that, I am telling you that I neither drink nor drink alcohol, but I am giving this very good knowledge.  Hey man, this is what it means, but this is so much, is it a little spicy, is the liquor also spicy in this, meaning non-spicy, sharp and full English, Hindi is all there in it, it is like Motu Golu, it is a bit like me, it is right, it is right, it is ok and I said  Amazing man ok so what am I trying to tell people what you guys are listening to don't get addicted to anybody go to him what is adding value most of the people is mesmerizing ok this is also a  I know it's an art and don't get mesmerized just like that. People get mesmerized by leaders. Right now the aura of many leaders is breaking. It's okay but you get mesmerized when your mental condition is like it was everywhere in 2014.  It was as if someone had come again, may this not happen, good days will come and if this does not happen, brother, it was amazing magic, amazing like us, friend, should this not happen, yes, may that not happen in 10 years.  See how if it doesn't happen then all that too Baba, Anybody Anybody, I come and wants to influence you through you, Saraswati ji does not reside on everyone's face, Rahu ji also sits at many places and other people also sit, be a little careful, I will tell you a little test.  How are you given You should never become dependent on anyone If someone is making you dependent on himself It's okay to see him Barb I have to go and meet  Brother, the matter is messed up, remember, I stop the datchi, how what I do is that I create a barrier of money, as soon as I do money, a lot of money falls, a lot of faith, Hey Guruji, I like you so much, we give so much respect.  I watch so many videos, forward so many, I have been your subscriber since you had so many, I said, even then I will not get discount, the fee is so much, then if that person gets angry, then it is okay, he should come only then.  If I can create such content and keep control, then I have a request to these Babas also, if they are listening then do not play such low volume games and do it by charging fees. If this Baba had said that it will cost Rs to sit here, then such a crowd would not have come.  Meaning, you charge a fee and when you charge a fee, you can also give its facility because you have taken money, there will be security, there will be barricading and there will be something politely, meaning because the rallies are also so  When it happens, it turns out fine because the money is spent properly, so this is what I am telling you, no, many guys also adopt this model, by taking the money as it is, there are no such problems, but we have too.  Talk about mental health, smile a little sometimes, smile at many things, do not always remain angry and do not always remain optimistic, this is also a fact, it is okay that many people have this song.  Whether you are smiling or hiding your sadness, then do not be forcibly happy and do not be forcibly sad and when you are sad, go towards getting some happiness and do not look for positivity in everything. Do not look for negativity in everything.  I want to share a little discovery that I have made about living a good life. Just see the thing as it is, there is no need to forcefully add anything else to it or no, it is not that bad.  Actually, actually you know, this is good from the heart, this is good from the heart, this is good from the mind, this is good from the mouth, this is good from the face, don't get confused, whatever you are feeling, it is just the way it is, don't try to change it forcefully from your side.  Do your own thing to fit in. I hope you liked this lesson. You guys are liking the videos. Subscribe to the channel and like. Thank you very much.