Hello friends, today we will discuss the topic Curious Case of Prashant Kishor. I had a lot of respect for Prashant Kishor but of late I have seen one thing about him, you don't know whether you have seen it or not. Earlier I considered him just a consultant or not.  He is a pure consultant who will give consultation to those who come and do his work independently, which is very good but if you see recently, I feel like they are filling the B team of topper students. This is also called inception, not saying anything directly but telling one thing because he has a very good track record of being a poulter, however when I did research beyond that, I came to know that wherever he has won, that person had won anyway. In 2014, the topper student was bound to win, yes, he helped him win and that happened, but if you see, wherever he won, the win was bound to happen in Uttar Pradesh, when he was the weakest.  When he became a student and could not get them passed, then what am I trying to say if it is late? If you look at his words then he is from one side, the party which is going to provide justice, for whom he had gone to do some good and that party got the good done.  No for what ever reason, they are very angry with him, they are angry because telling a leader to take a break is of no use, this is not the case, since when did this start happening in our democracy because recently if you  Look, what is the pattern of the Jan Suraj that they are running, it looks very good, yes, they are also doing something of their own, may be political too, very good funding. Who is doing the funding? When he was asked who he worked with.  I had done that, so if you are doing that then the accounts of others have been frozen. In fact, these days I have also made some videos. Some people did not know from which side I am making the videos because it is not so easy to mold me into a single slot.  for but  Many people said that you have been sold, you have been bought by this party, now you have been sold to this party, how come, who is giving money to that party because if only the old people are giving them money then who is it with whom they have worked.  If they have done work with everyone then what kind of money is coming to them and it has to be every commentator, we have to tell what is happening as we see it, if we hold on to one side then I have given this as an example.  Let me tell you, suppose I am an Indian and I am a very good commentator of cricket and if there is a match between India and Australia, then which team would I like to win, brother, of course I would like India to win, but what is my job, the job of commentary.  I am sitting there in the commentator's box. From ahead I can see that one of our bowlers has bowled and a six is ​​hit, then I should say this and then if a six is ​​hit again, what should I say, man, his ball is week.  Was it or the line length was not right or should I do this or I will say no no no six read e no bowled, what can I say wrong if someone of my team's player drops the catch then will I say to him that man, what have you done?  What kind of player are you or you? What have you left out? No one's foot work is good in batting. So we have to speak about our own. And the same if any batsman of Australian team is hitting very good fours and sixes, then he is batting well.  Because When I sit down, I am an independent commentator. Look, these are the leaders, these players who come on the news channels, before the start of the match, they say only this, we will win, they are like this, they are a useless team, they are like that, those emotional fans are different.  Yes, but if you are a commentator, I come as a commentator and an observer of politics, then I express my emotions. Look, everyone has emotions, but yes, it is said to be an independent opinion.  It may be that you wish that this topper student should win, but if his actions do not seem right to you, then you will call him out, brother, this thing is not right, this Prashant Kishore ji will never be against the topper student.  Some don't even chew, they do n't even chew, they see all the faults in them, yes they have faults, no one is denying but that fault is obvious to the world, they are doing something good, never talked about it, they are doing the padyatra themselves.  What is good in Bihar? Bihar is a small province, a person has come here from here to there, from here to there, you could have said a few sweet words about him or you could have said something like 'Man, if nothing else, then on foot.  I am moving, my Saturn is activating, it is okay while walking with my feet, some Shani element is awakening inside me, some meaning from that side, it could have been told that yes, he is trying, trying is good or bad, that kind of thing.  come  Constant seems like a very mean and sour task, so as an audience, which is my subscriber base, my job was to tell them that when this commentary is happening, you should enjoy it wherever the commentary is happening because I am my  I am watching mine on the channel, I showed him a channel that according to the content, it was an expert and I said, my subscribers are not increasing, I get so many good comments, the way I get good comments.  In the same way, the subscribers say, 'I have analyzed your channel. My expert says that if you ever make the things you talk about good, then the devotee type will come and join and the others will run away. Then when you make them good, then  These devotees will run away and these ones will join a little, then they will run away saying that the constant is not yours, it is said like it is Dhruv Rathi's, it is Dhruv Rathi's. You know when the video will come, it will be one sided only, however now let me say that yes, I am also in it.  starting to taste  I started seeing a little bit of the truth but I still talk about the other side, so when you talk about both the sides, it becomes as if they were his own words. They say, Sir, did you see the movie Sholay in which he was the jailer?  Hai Asrani says, half go here, half go here, the rest of me and you are like this. They say that those who are subscribers now are the general public, they are divided, are they on this side or on this side, there is nobody who wants means nobody.  Very less people, my subscriber base is around 26000, it is 26600, so I request you guys, I have understood that my off-course is not going to run into lakhs so soon, but still I need your support, brothers. Sisters, many people were telling me, Guru ji, you fight the elections, we are on your side, friend, it is easy to listen, fighting elections is not so easy, brother, there is other work too. No good is going to be done by fighting elections just because the ideas are very good Datchi Pulao people are also there but they are different laid back now They also bring something good to the table They also bring something good to the table They also bring something bad to the table Now bring both of them, they cannot be patched up so that their government can be formed because it is ideology. Whatever detailed discussion you want on ideology, I will tell it to the audience so clearly that it is so confusing that you cannot understand. I am telling you today, whom will I vote for? I am confused, not decided, I am disappointed. Now I have gone in this direction.  I am like this, I am telling you today, who will my vote go to in the election, I don't know because I am trying very hard, I am using my brain, I am discussing, I am thinking loudly, we are ahead.  We will discuss Idol ji, both the main camps are ours, they are running only two political camps, so we will discuss their ideology and will dissect it and it will be a lot of fun, but today I have told that independent commentators.  It is not in the market, my channel is a fresh year, the reason is that if you start talking about something, someone has influenced you and given you something, but brother, this kind of thing. By using independent opinion, one can create one's own niche market. There is no one in the market who is talking like me. Otherwise, maybe I can become a breath of fresh air. Increase my subscriber base and increase my content.  If my viewership increases then I am earning money too, so why do I need to sell because it is like a person selling Golgappa is selling a papdi chart.  If I am selling a different dish, Bhelpuri, then I am not selling Bhelpuri, if anyone wants to eat Bhelpuri because everyone is selling Golgappa or everyone is selling Papdi Chart, then I am selling some different dish, if you want. Why should I convert myself into Golgappa or within it because there are only two types of things going on, either you, there is an English saying, I am with us and I am against us, why brother?  We can be with you We can be against you Independent people can be And this is what I want Our voter to be Our voter I want my vote Don't tell till the last breath Genuinely undecided in your mind As if I am telling you that it is not that  I am hiding who I will vote for, although there is nothing to be told in public because you know how the atmosphere is but still I am genuinely telling that who I will vote for is not decided.  It is not genuinely decided, I am not hiding it, I just want you to keep your eyes and ears open, we have to choose from the lesser of the worst, there is no best, best, greatest, there is not so much great choice, it is the misfortune of our country that we do not have  We don't have that many choices, among these they say, if not this, then who, if not this, then who? The answer is not given. It is not a matter of joy, it is a matter of concern and that. See. What should we import, what should we give more importance to, then I would like to make a video on ideology. If brothers and sisters, you want that video, then please write in the comment section. Thank you very much. Subscribe to the channel. The request is Ek Aadha Aadha To.  No, please add one complete subscriber because I want to hit 50000 subscriber base soon because that again gives a voice youtube0 subscriber.  Meaning, you are called a serious user, serious is also 25-26000, it is not such a thing, the figure of 10000 is also quite good, the figure of 25000 is also good, but at least get half century done, you people, the voting season is going on, the canvas season.  It is going on, brothers and sisters, it is increasing its subscriber base bit by bit, only then will the names of these few politicians also be respected.  Do you know how hard you have to do this in the heat? It's okay, it is not easy. Okay, so please subscribe, share. Thank you very much.