Hello friends, today's topic is The Pain of Being Ambani and Adani in India, let's talk about their pain, the pain of the poor, the pain of the middle class, the pain of the common man, look at their pain too, yesterday the Prime Minister also took their names. Rahul ji has come up with some figures that 130 times he is taking his name and 30 times the Prime Minister has also given him money. Now he is not talking about them. Firstly, I am not able to understand what the contact means because he  What is being said is that he does n't have social media, is he not attending rallies, I do n't understand what is happening but inside all this there is cross fire of political parties but oh man, they become memes.  Not why did he break us these days, you people understand this language, okay Ambani, Adani, you are wondering, why are you breaking us, friend, I want to ask my audience, or Ambani ji's Reliance said last year.  25 thousand crore tax was given to the Government of India, not 000 rupees, but 25000 crores. Friend, the rich people of our country are running business. Please spare them. What do you guys want in their name? Disclaimer: Before this, people should say this, O yours too.  I got the money just like we get it every day for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Brother, I did not get any money. The only disclaimer is that I am a shareholder in both these companies and this is what I am telling you.  I want to tell that when Ambani Adani grows then you also have a chance to rely, how much return has been given in 1 year, 20 years, 30 years, 35 years, how much wealth has been created, just look at Jio Financial, it is a company worth Rs 19 lakh crore, it is 21 lakh.  Their listed case is of crores, now they are talking about Rs 21 lakh crores, what do you want, look at those who are worth Rs 50, 100, 200 crores.  Those people with net worth are leaving the country, they are not explaining to anyone, neither telling nor asking, they are going to Kotli and thousands of them are leaving. Last year around 9000 had gone, it is almost fine, so if this is all the rich India. If we leave, India will become a very poor country. Brothers and sisters, the capita income which is counted in India, Andani and Ambani ji are also counted in the capita income, only then India will become the world's leader.  This person is at 140th place in GDP. Don't become a hero, he is at fifth place in GDP. But go to Capita and you are in 140th place. That's why we are saying that inequality has happened. These people have come to your house and troubled you.  But are they taking money at gunpoint? Are they running this business? Yes, this is a network, don't you go mobile? First, if the world is in your grasp, then it is still there, isn't it? Which one was this?  If you were ringing the BSNL phone then and there you would be talking to the lines man that my voice is not coming, now I have 5G internet in my hands, I am ready and all the resources and ports are being taken care of.  There is a separate video of me made at an airport, I will tell that separately, but what I am trying to say is their pain. Look at their pain, where will they go now? They are being whipped from both the sides, whose government will be formed.  But how soon will they be made to fight in their name, that is, no one belongs to anyone else, no one belongs to anyone in politics, what I want to say is that the opposition can allege anything, can make noises.  It is like he ate and drank, it happened, but if any top leader from the ruling party says that you have got the money, you have become silent, it has come to you, you have an agency, check, either you are speaking in the air or else.  if it is then it is all there  Right, that grip, tell me where, what has happened to me, how much reputation has happened to me, now where should that poor guy go, my love of Adani Ambani, where should we go, tell me whose photo is with whom, what is it, friend, what is the need of rich people? Har Har, if in this country they would say cleanliness.  The rich are very important, the poor are very important, everyone should have rights, it should be like this, then is n't Adani Ambani important? The pre-wedding function of Ambani, so many people came to it.  And its issue became that Jamnagar International Airport has been made for some time, people from the rich world have come there also talking about business, this is the interest of rich people, even if they meet in a function, at a wedding, or at a party, they also talk about business.  Let's talk, business comes, foreign direct investment comes, investments come, someone comes, he is not like that, only he came to sing Byag's songs, he also worked and did more work, India's sort of favorite seems to be that there is an Indian, brothers and sisters who  So much  It gives people the opportunity every day to come and dance and sing and so many highest paid performers go after dancing and we do n't have the slightest pride in it. Do they want to become a very poor country? Have these people taken away everything from the government means?  If you don't do this business then all the Indians will become rich. Both of them have prevented how many people have given jobs to Indians, how many have given direct jobs, four to five from those direct jobs. Six indirect jobs come from it, so it should be a little great, according to me, what do you guys think, now I want to discuss further on this, this small party, Congress, whose numbers are still not equal to BJP, is ahead.  How many will be there, what will happen, will Cha Joon come to know that he has been put on defensive, these answers are being given and this thap thap brother, you are batting very well, man, what is happening, he hits bouncers, this answer  give  They are saying something, they are giving answers, they are setting the narrative, that is why momentum is being created, why is there a need to answer, if you look at it, look at the twist in the story, if the public is intelligent, then why are you explaining it to them, but the problem is that the public  The public is not intelligent, the public is stupid and since the public is stupid then why should only one party fool the public? If the public is stupid and the public can be fooled easily, I also agree.  Majority of the public, we can fool them is a fact in India and this is why only one party should get the right to fool, that is why I have repeatedly seen in my videos that I am so against that one party has lied.  If someone attacks or does not give a genuine explanation, they talk about something else because they know that if they start giving an explanation then there is no use, they will not understand or if it is seen that we are giving an explanation then it will be considered as acceptance, very different.  Level politics is happening, you have to see, but you don't come here, that's the tension, because what happened in me, there was a joke going on, what was the joke, a journalist was going from somewhere and was stopped by some policeman.  If you stopped then you would have said journalist, then the journalist would have said which party, so that was the joke that which party's journalist are you, this will be the problem of the public, there is some element of journalism in this channel too, if you look at it and the work of journalist and journalist. First of all, you want to ask a question to the government. Do you want to discuss a lot about the party which has 52 seats and has crossed the limit of 75-80 seats? Brother, don't bring 75 seats, will we say something and stop it at 60?  It doesn't matter whether his 75 or 80 income means less income. So you want the country's opposition to become so weak and you don't even ask one side the question, just give them 450 somehow.  Take them to 500 5th seats and don't keep any narrative on the other side. Hey, this is this, why should you ask these questions to them, brother, is he in power? Will we ask questions to whoever comes to power? If they come, we will ask them, that's the only thing.  It should have been that in 2010, when the Commonwealth Games scam happened, all the main stream channels led by the great Arnav Goswami used to tear apart every day by doing Chillam Chilli, then it is not good.  We used to do good journalism. If anything went wrong, get it crossed Rs. 400. Devotees, when someone will come in the broadcasting bill, they will write in it that if you don't speak like this, then we too will talk about our mother-in-law and daughter-in-law with our finger on our lips. Who are we benefiting by talking here?  But that feeling comes from within, on the other hand, spending so much resources and time on this channel, my other channels are big hits, get a lot of views and are a source of a lot of income, at that cost I am making.  True journalism will come at a cost. I am copying Shekhar Gupta ji. I press the join button and take the membership to support good journalism. This channel has hardly any fees, meaning watch something, chai pe charcha wali membership is there if you like the content.  So you will get to know from that because even if someone gives ₹ ₹ 0, inside Super Chat, there is a feeling that yes, because the real appreciation is money and everything is money and this is what I am telling Sharma.  I do n't know why they are living in shame. Hey Adani, Amani Pai of our country, they are the symbol of money, they are the symbol of wealth, they are the symbol of Lakshmi, in our country, where symbol means they are the real ones, why are you detesting them, are they doing something wrong in the business?  If you are living then do that separately, they killed your son's share and took the airport, then tell me that your son had also bid and he won that bet. Hey brother, why are you unnecessarily competing with them, now this is the fashion. Went  Adani Ambani Adani Ambani Adani Ambani scandal is being carried out by someone else, the company is defaulter, someone else is absconding, someone else has run away with the loan, neither has he defaulted any loan, nor has he defaulted in any tax, nor has he increased the shareholder wealth in any way.  I have given jobs to my employees, they are all doing great work and they should be clapping and not just the two parties, but everyone in the entire country should be clapping.  Just take two names, take two names, maybe it is linked to Gujarat, although Ambani ji lives in Mumbai, so maybe he creates a lobby with him and becomes a source of targeting, but see how those people are in identifying friendship characters.  The thing is, brother, now you have jettisoned them, that too is a wrong thing, isn't it right, the job of opposition is to do it like this, that means no one is related to anyone else in politics, I also want to convey this message.  I am saying that if we win the election, we will tell that friend later. Even if there is a friend, if he sees it, he will understand. I have to say, is this the public being fooled or is it being done with friends, friend? Everything happens, you must know brother, Raja should support the traders, all the traders from top to bottom, but look at this pain, brother, after paying tax of Rs 25000 crore, if I am telling my tax of Rs 25000 crore for the year.  Look, if it is my company in which it is at 52, 53 or something like that, then it is fine and other people should also be made to grow and take a share of the profit alone. If you are a shareholder, then you would also be getting the dividend in the same ratio, is that alone?  The rest of the companies take away everything that is renewable energy, climate change, these people are bringing everywhere in telecom, financial services, health services, now people earn so much money.  They are bringing things to compete with India so that they can earn money, so everyone in India is doing this work and they are whipping us, how would be their moral, I mean, what do you Adani Ambani want to leave India and go to Australia?  In Switzerland, in Sweden, in America, how much time does it take for them to start doing business? You tell me, is there anyone who wants to ask you, how many days can a film star stay outside, see how many. How many days do big leaders stay, how many top leaders stay, how much do they all roam around and how much do these people stay in India but look at the data, the same people are living in the slums of Mumbai, they can go and live in better places anywhere else.  Everywhere, everything has been bought and they can go to any country in the world in 2 minutes, that is, they will welcome with folded hands, perform aarti, welcome, welcome Adani ji, welcome Ambani ji, in two minutes more aarti.  Will continue to pay, there are many countries where tax is not levied on taxes, yet in India these poor people still do not go and are also taking abuses, they are taking abuses every day, as much as they say, top leaders say, I take a lot of abuses.  Someone says no, it is given to Rahul, no one is giving as much as he is being given, both the parties are fighting in his name, this one is saying this, this one is saying this, this is also given to him, so it is not his matter.  now he is challenging me  It means that you don't talk about it and will start talking in the same way as you are talking. Hey, in talking about these, our MP Mahua Mitra ji told her, hey, you asked 50 questions, out of 60 questions, 50 questions or 55.  Did he ask Adhani ji, did he have any trouble there? Now tell me that when someone asked a question in the Parliament, everyone went after him, do you know?  What happened, what was the story and how did that story play out? Now it is being said, if you do n't talk, if you talk, you will die if you don't talk, then it's like this, brother, what is happening, is this a comedy or not or is a man speaking logically? Will he do this or will we just make the debate in such a way that you are against BJP and Congress, this misunderstanding happens just because a question is being asked about it, so we will not agree with it. Many people have done this, that means many big journalists too. Tiger Van Kade is an ideal for us. We are clinging to such small things. Our idol is Tiger Van Ghade. If he is directly asking the ruling party, then do n't think that he is not your friend. Neither will anyone benefit. If the ruling party is exposed and questions are asked then it benefits from the default setting. Did n't the opposition benefit? When Arvind Kejriwal did the crusade that  The anti-corruption IAC guy was running, India Against Corruption was running, Anna Hazare was sitting and all, there was so much riot in Delhi, do you all know that benefit laddu fell in it of BJP, do you all know whether that thing fell or not.  If you tell then everyone has to see this, inside this I would like to finish by telling one small thing and this is just this, don't hate people will just see how they are making it what  You can do this, you can be easily part of their journey in their company, if you feel that they are getting big benefits, something like this is happening then take it in the stock market, who forbade, not every man can take it, so where should the poor man go?  A man is getting ration. How can 80 crore people get everything? A poor man is getting ration, somewhere he is getting electricity, somewhere he is getting water, somewhere he is getting health care, somewhere Ayushman Bharat is getting it, all the benefits are there.  You have done something by giving, hey brother, he will create something in the air or he will set up a solar plant somewhere where there is a swamp, then the rules issued by some subsiding committee are for everyone, it seems like this because he is Rahul.  Gandhi ji too, I was going here, who built the road, who did this, who did this, this one, oh brother, everyone's time comes, there used to be a time when someone did this, who did this, Barla, who did this, this is how it happens.  Everyone's time comes, then someone else will come, become you, it takes 20 20 30 30 40 40 50 years, 60 years to work hard to form groups, to form companies, and the road is not being built by just one, the infrastructure is not being built by them, they are building the world.  Yes, but the thing is that someone becomes a poster boy, someone becomes a poster boy, yes brother, we have to take his name, how many companies in India are there to build roads, build infrastructure and manage airports.  It's all a matter of talk, but if someone gets [ __ ] then I think this is the age, we should call out to the public that this is their name, don't you tell us what they have to offer you, instead of saying this, they have got this benefit.  He got it done, he gave it to him, we will give it to him, we will give it to him, the middle class is jumping like this, both the parties are not talking except the poor, the middle class here is not a cheer leader or in IPL, they are standing like this and jumping, who are they? jumped like this  Hey, you are not getting anything brother, why are you becoming middle class? Only then my idol ji will slowly come out. I am the idol of the middle class and I want something different for the middle class. Now you will understand a lot.  It is easy to go and tell anyone that you are not from BJP, if you are not from BJP then you are a Congressman and if you are not a Congressman, then you are a devotee. You can be something else too, human brother, just because you don't know that here India cannot live with the Republican Democrat Party. remained  There are only two ideologies or 80000 ideologies, India is our country, so here we have to be a little broad minded and see the possibilities that yes, who is telling lies and where, illogical things are being said, useless things are being said.  Those who are being tricked or are being made to raise unnecessary slogans have to come and call them out every time, this should be our aim because the rest of the Godi media is already done, look at youtube0 now, the genre like ours.  All the channels started running because people want to hear that independent voice. I am saying this again and again that it will not seem neutral. People say no, no neutral, no neutral. What is neutral? Calling both good or bad and Saying that I am neutral is not like that. Independent is having an independent opinion by focusing on one thing and not having any personal agenda of course against the one you spoke against. Brother, you want that the party which is going to get 80 seats in this election, assume that by studying closely behind it, we bring it to 74, then you will agree.  You can tell me that something big will happen to you through seats, you will focus on them as well, but the focus will be on power only, only the topper student will be told, the one who is the fastest horse will be told to be the first, only the one who is the leader of the country will be told.  If I consider it as an illusion, it is okay because I belong to aviation. Consider my country as the judge. So, I will focus only on the engine which is mine and is sitting somewhere. It neither engages nor provides thrust nor can it even run.  The pilot of my country who is running the country will be questioned on his piloting skills. If there is a change in the pilot then the new pilot will be asked on that pilot that brother, your currency is fine, your weight is fine.  You haven't drunk alcohol, don't you have any stress, everything is fine with you, we are sitting behind watching, we will ask you why should I talk about that pilot who was grounded and whose license was canceled?  What should I do, hey, why are you asking this pilot? If he did n't come to sleep completely then what happened, he used to drink alcohol at night, he was like this, oh brother, have his license been canceled, isn't he itching to get another chance?  I will put it beyond that With such a beautiful example, I am telling you that it is related to life, brother, who has my reins, the doctor who will open my stomach, I would like to see about him only. If any doctor has committed a scandal, first of all, I am not telling him about that doctor. Whoever comes to power is that doctor who has the tools in his hands to open and close the stomach, if questions are asked to him then he has come to put the stitches, he is doing the right thing, is your mood fine, is your health fine, is there anything wrong?  Is the hygiene factor okay, all this is fine if asked from him, then what is the problem in asking the ruling party, you are saying no, he did good for my operation brother, he did good for you, he did good for others also, keep doing good for everyone else, always keep doing good, then checks and balances.  On this, only those who are in power will remain in the limelight. Only those who have more chances of coming into power will remain in the limelight. If they have more chances of coming into power or come into power, then they will be scrutinized and that From 2004, brothers and sisters, 2014, tell me one thing, those who are devotees, brother, who liked 14 from 2004, no one liked it, 9 liked from 2004, liked it only then the country gave it in 2009, now if they did not like it then removed it, liked it a lot in 2019  What happened to 19 from 2014, that's why 19 got 24, the result remains to be seen, but tell me one thing, brothers and sisters.  2004 Keep your hand on your heart, the amount of scrutiny that was created in 2004 to 2014 was as much as it was, is there anyone who can create that much of noise in 2014 to 24? Now many people will say no, he was a week student, used to make mistakes every day, there were red marks. That's why there was an uproar, this student is so sweet and good, there is no mistake, that's why it didn't happen, it's not like that, it's possible that since that time the word has opened up.  Don't want to use Dash, the dance was going on, it was not going on that openly at this time, but the dance is going on here too, and some came out also, but as many came out, as many questions were not asked, so the one who is asking the questions is the one who is demanding accountability.  Be it any small or big journalist, you too can become one through this medium. Today, every common man is a walking journalist, he has a mobile in his hand, he can speak, he can record video, if there is something wrong in the voting.  are you feeling  It is possible that a video is made of something going wrong and this is what is going on through this. There is an ambassador somewhere right now. He posted the video that there was garbage lying around. Their embassies are the Greek Embassy and an Austrian Embassy.  Probably there was garbage somewhere in the middle, they went and made a video saying, what kind of trash is this? They went to NDMC and cleaned it, that is, there was no chance and system to see it normally.  That's why the Ambassador of a foreign country had to go and make a video, so brother, in the video, he is also a journalist, so these things make a difference, this is how it has to be, now the next generation is not going to get beaten in the rallies in the sun in 10 years.  Whoever becomes the next Prime Minister and will be a user means he will also be a politician and anything can happen but he will definitely be a user through social media presence. Now everything will work here. Okay, so do comment here and go there.  Vote also because you have one vote, you must cast your vote, otherwise it should happen that elections are held in Bengal and you stay in Gurgaon only, you are going to stay here by bus, take the train and go, don't cast your vote.  We have to create an atmosphere here, that's not going to happen, if the chariot gets stuck, then those who are in trouble, my previous video was a big hit, the one who is stuck in the chariot, the chariot is getting stuck, you are in trouble, see, many people enjoy getting trapped in the chariot, those who are getting trapped.  I have fun, brother, go and vote so that the chariot gets stuck, it is okay, many people enjoy taking out the chariot, so go and vote, you have not come here to get trapped, so many have come here, oh brother, you go and vote, otherwise you will get trapped.  It is possible that the chariot may not get stuck, the horse may have to be changed, it is okay, anything can happen, be alive to all possibilities and one at the end of the day, brother, do not take tension, India is being run by Ram Lalla.  It works with confidence, more than half the time, so don't take so much tension, Ram ji has become more comfortable, now it's okay, Ram Lalla, you see, Ram Lalla has been established, so why worry, you are fine, whatever happens will be good, it's okay.  Whatever happens will be good, it will be for the good of the country and the country itself will decide. What will the country decide on 4th June? Whatever happens on June 4, it will be decided by the public, it will be okay. It may be as per your wish, it may be against your wish.  yes  It may happen or something in between may emerge. What do you want, how should we be? If someone like me comes to the will, questions will be asked to whoever is in power. On June 4, brothers and sisters, the government will be known as to whose government will be formed and whose government will be formed on June 5.  Videos will come to tell him that brother, he did not make me a minister, he made the opinions, he did not give this department, he gave that department, this country will run like this, people coming here are writing about me in the comment section, take a screenshot of this.  It will come again that you will have to eat Muki, why do we have to eat Muki, brother, we are commentators, the commentator is giving commentary, one team is losing, one is winning, why do we have to eat Muki, we are telling the situation with our eyes, one by one, fours, sixes, first hit. Now he is not hitting and he is doing the work of hit wickets. Okay, the second one which seemed to be a small and powerful team, I don't know from where because many times you have seen big teams losing matches with small teams.  I want to tell you, brothers and sisters, one more thing and then I will finish the video. Dhoni ji was there, many people love Dhoni ji even today and how he was run out in 2019 and was never seen again. Who knew that Covid would come again like this?  It will happen again that he wo n't even get a chance to say bye bye. It was a great pain. Do you remember when he was run out? Right, 25 runs were needed on 10 balls, he turned, took one run and came to take the second one.  You have got a direct hit, don't you remember that opportunity in life, everyone has to have courage, all the fans, devotees and everything else, but there we could not somehow make Dhoni win because he was skill based.  The New Zealanders were bowling, fielding, somehow we could not stop the ball from hitting the wicket because the match was going on, but brothers and sisters, here it is in your hands, whoever wants to win, win, voter.  Take your ID and press the button hard which you have to press, then for voting, because when we creators had gone, the Prime Minister had messaged one thing, I took it very seriously that we are doing award ceremony, it is not for elections.  You are not doing it for your own benefit, this is because of all the people, if you have distemper, then give it to the one who has less distemper. It is also possible that there are two people, both of whom are distempers, give it to the one who has less distemper.  It can be anyone, do go and vote, this is the message, it's hot, don't worry, drink water, go, it doesn't take so long, go with your family and be proud because when you vote, then you have the right to say that I went to vote.  My ward won, didn't win and the person to whom it was given and if he wins then you have to ask him more questions, this is the message I am giving, what do people never do that if you are asking questions to someone, then you  She is in the opposite team, this is a wrong expression. You see in every family there is a wife, she questions more than her husband or does more than the neighbor's husband, you tell me this, you will tell the neighbor's husband, you are not my wife.  If yes, then why are you asking me a question, but the one who is evolved has the right to ask the wife's question, so this is the message to you, know more about the person whom you voted for last time and the person whom you are thinking of voting for this time.  Ask questions because brothers and sisters, when you have to buy a flat, you feel like asking more questions, what is the payment plan, when will the position be, is it my one, is it not my one, what are the amenities, what is the reputation of the builder, what has been built before? What will happen back and forth in low cation, only then you ask questions, where you don't have to buy, you saw it as soon as you left, brother, I did not understand this, so when you did not understand, you left from there, no, you will not ask questions from there, now as a sales guy.  My  He has all this training, I also give training as a sales guy. You should be very happy that if some customer is asking you too many questions because if he is asking you too many questions that shows his interest, he never speaks like this.  That Oye, I am Godre Jaad, you are from DLF, you did not ask questions, what is the logic here, I am talking about property right now. I am in a property or you are going to buy it or no one should face any problem. Our education system has been somewhat useless. In India, there may be issues in our values ​​too because this is how parents do parenting. Don't ask more questions, that is, questions.  Asking more from parents means opposing parents. I am changing these things through this channel. Brothers and sisters, I am changing the way India things and I am being successful at it. Please comment section.  Write in Slowly but Steady I am Creating an Environment Which is Positive Which is Tangible Where Accountability is Question Where Argument is Ku Tark Nahi Hai Where Importance is Given to Dialogue Not Controversy Where Who is Contributing to the Dialogue  It is not important to discuss what is happening, what is important is what you are saying, what I am saying, who is saying it?  Not important said what is being discussed and at what level the discussion is taking place, if the focus is beyond that then please write in the comment section. Many people are finding these videos as my therapy in the election environment. Please share and I ask only at the last end that I will start.  I do n't speak because it is a request from those who are watching till the end. Subscribers. I know you are already watching me, but I have a request from you brothers and sisters, are you two to three?  Subscribers can be increased further because when so much effort is put into increasing the subscribers, then these leaders get respect. Asking is not so easy and not getting it even after asking takes a lot of effort and then come back and push again, brothers and sisters, like this again.  If it doesn't work, it's okay, please write in the comment section. My Agniveer movie is almost ready. I feel like after the release of that video, I am getting it checked by two or four people that yes, it is fine.  Because that video is made with a lot of emotions, it is very good and it is my promise that it will be released on this weekend because now it is made, it is fine, but now I have to recommend that video that you have to watch that video. You have to spread that video, you have to reach it to the people because it affects all of us, just because you don't have to go there to become Agniveer, that means it is not of your use, that video is of use to every Indian, you have to wait for that video now.  Like Share Thank You Very Much