Hello friends, today we will discuss about color for free and be a little pragmatic. This channel is doing very well. You are getting a very good response. If you are looking forward like this then please subscribe. Before I talk on this subject, an initial thing.  I would like to tell all my subscribers that gradually the essence of this channel will see what you have to tell the world, not the world but the politicians or the government or the officials.  Don't cry, here what changes do we have to make in our mother and how to take peace and how to see what is happening that is being shown is real and make some changes within ourselves with those changes and the whole time you have to be external. You will see the world changing. You will see the change if you change from within. [Music] By doing this, let's discuss the previous ones for free. Whatever this matter has come to, the middle class is an irritated caste. Is it okay, friend?  What is right, it comes from a lot of people that it is being done to them, so it is okay to feel that it is being done to them, it is fine, but many people say that if you keep telling Arabic, then Sri Lanka will become that. I heard that Sri Lanka's  If we look at the situation then first of all I am going to tell you that Sri Lanka cannot become a country, it can be happy no matter how much it is distributed because the Indian Mill Class will continue to grind, the committee will continue to pay taxes, it will not be played. Brother, Sri Lanka has a population of 2.25 crores. How many blacksmith class are there, how many are middle class, how many are rich, distribute them yourself, whatever was done to all the classes, then their condition became like this, if they were given to the middle class also, then this mess will never happen in India, the Government of India will never. If India is not going to give anything to the middle class then only Sri Lanka will not become Sri Lanka, please do the research in Sri Lanka, please do the research, it was not just for the poor, whatever theirs was, it was like that because they did less, whatever the politicians did to become more popular and themselves.  Coming late, he said, Son, we give it to everyone, a little bit is good for us, so sometimes we discuss it for free and tell some truth about it, there is a saying in Haryana, if all the Jains go to the middle of the marriage, then this is free B's.  Today I will tell you one thing, whose loan of Rs. 30,000 crore has been waived, this happened in the elections of a big state 5 years or 6 years ago, that state also search you on Google, here is a teacher who is not giving data to me but supporting himself.  We do  Guruji, please tell me, it is okay, the state is the biggest state, the figure also told is 30000 crores, this is not the election but the previous election, I had forgiven this election which was held in the state after demonetization, it is okay, I am sorry, absolutely clear announcement, okay, no mistake.  No, but everyone has a reason to forgive, if you are forgiven then do it again, you will get it, you will get it again, this is gold and on this, does anyone want to get their loved one forgiven?  People forgave the announcement. Was it right, but did the banks actually forgive Rs 30,000 crore? Have you taken your loan from me? It is okay with me from the bank and you are getting a waiver of Rs 80,000. Will you ever take a loan again for yourself and your family?  If I am not going to get it, then no person will get credit for my whole life. ₹ 80000 is a little less, if not more, then a little less, this electricity will be forgiven. What they do is that they roam around with their shirts out, which is fine these days.  Laughing has reduced, it's okay, all this happened earlier too, even the special people will forgive the electricity, they will forgive the water, now what happened later, from so many to so many electricity, oh brother, some man will run two lights and a fan for 100 hours after someone.  If a person is billed more than the unit, he will be billed more than that, then there is no more than this, there is no more than this, all these are to listen, to appease, to give a little something so that there are not too many miss matches in the country, they feel proud.  Yes, middle class is getting something from this.  There is no need to tease people, otherwise there will be too much class difference here, there will be an uproar, they will always be given the feeling of caste, you have to see whether you have done something in Haryana, under whom will you give reservation here, this was said in the companies in Gurgaon real estate. Everyone will run away, companies will leave, it is mandatory, then they fired him, less than 30000 jobs, how many jobs are less than 30000 in Gurgaon, those who were getting reservation were also not happy. People are also not happy, there was no happiness from him and he is a title fish, now he will keep coming out like this, we do not want to be affected, he will give it for free, he will give it like this, gave it like that, gave it to him, gave it to him, gave it like that, if that's all.  If you have DK, then only this much DK is there, no money, it seems like an announcement has been made, you are also the father in the house, I have been staying at everyone's house, you will get it, you will get phones, you will get it, you will get it on your birthday, you will get it on your birthday.  Then what do you say after picking it up, that nice Barbie doll has come, one is soft, biodegradable, this is organic plain food, the child should take it in the mouth, it is okay, the one of ₹ 5000 is okay, such big toy stores are expensive, the expensive ones meet their mother.  It is not necessary to do this and what happens many times is that in Tamil Nadu, political parties run their own channels. Now if they only pay for it, they have given TV to everyone. Very progressive state, the collection under GST is very high.  There is a lot of industrialism and the capital is also very decent, despite the D series and this is also free, some Punjab like I do something, it is ruined there, there is nothing worth giving, so brother in law, economics playing road, other vices, also many times TV  Seeing that you guys are giving a big rally every day, I was thinking of taking my Keval connection when will I get money from it, but man, this man got a free TV connection, he installed his Horizon 90 inside it.  There was a flood in 19, while the rest of the public was watching Doordarshan, something else happened to them in life, which probably was not even intended, sometimes they get a lot of benefits, sometimes these political parties give laptops to children.  So, among some children, I have seen the whole laptop thing, some do not do it, some interfere, this happens a lot, why is it worth the money, still some laptop goes into the hands of someone who becomes the value of the child.  Microsoft goes away, someone goes abroad  If they are also removed, then it is not that the inn is a loss. If your mother had made 1 lakh laptop, then she would have got ₹ 1 lakh laptop. Thousand 1500 2000 children would have been taken out. This is also a fact, that is also 2% in the country's GDP. Money from outside in the country itself gets spoiled and becomes criminal, anything can happen, now no one does research on it, but this is not a very bad thing. A family in which the child could never buy a laptop because it was digital internet.  The connections have become a lot of fun, once we get a laptop, we feel something or the other after looking at it, we can't even cry for every free thing, and in other things, I am making a video that Khan Sarkar is wasting his money.  You act like you go beyond money, where even a story is of no use, you can rock on those things too. Every time you come, you have to say that you should also band MP Ma's pension. Whatever is happening, you are singing cheers like this. Oh, you reduce your pension and you also reduce your pension.  Don't worry, tweet everywhere, just message on WhatsApp, catch one message, don't worry, whichever political party makes it an issue, we will vote for it, we will make saree, if we make saree, then it has to be implemented, why doesn't it say, it is written in the middle. If any class party starts rising then the rest will also be helpless. You tell me whether the red light has gone or not. Now the red light was symbolic but it would have made a bigger difference than that. The intermediary used to sit with a minister.  They are roaming around with the help of officers, it seemed that they were roaming red and the rest of the people's chillies appeared to be red and by the way, it looked like it was forced, so the Prime Minister did less, it was symbolic but it was very good, now next inline, this, this This issue of pension should not be made in 2024, it should not be made, the poor cannot be rocked, it is a vote bank, you can cry, it is going to your own brother, we reserve it, we do not benefit from it, it is a very complex question and  A premise is not the answer, in this way then no one will reduce it. Hey brother, impose tax, we will do some of them, it is not like that, not all laptops will be sold, not all will watch porn on laptops, some will also learn coding on laptop, some will also do something else with laptop.  That percentage and if it is take it 5%, if even 5% of this worth-d-effort laptop can be given to him, then don't blame him at this time.  It is a thing on which you cannot do anything. All you have to cry for are your tears. I am speaking to the middle class, your tears are your energy. You attack them on anything that can fall because for the poor, I have done it first. Just make promises, you speak from here, bring out a lot of things, you do this band of yours, brother, you have given Agni Veer a rock. [Praise] With that, he clears Agni Veer's pension that Agni Veer's defense budget was very limited, Agni.  By doing Veer, you have further reduced it and are modulating the money of the pension pack back, so you have given equality to it, so do it in such a way that the pension band will be for the government, MP and all of them, from now onwards it is okay to have this band.  So much money will be saved and if we put this money here for this cost then it will be a clear linkup that this much child and this much is going because it goes inside the relief mattress so it is going for these efforts, meaning some 25  Year  If he becomes a mother even for 6 months, he will not reach the age of 95, till then he has a pension, tell me, once it is opened, his bus is taken out, one is this, the other is you, you think this, the same DOESN'T be middle class if only this much kid.  I have pension of politicians, you also try to become a politician, become MLC, contest the elections, this is what I want, out of the list of my audience, 5% should come to the election field, see how it happens.  Make your channel, do Mussoorie, take the votes of the locality, take it forward, take it back, do everything and make your agenda, make this the agenda of the people, why wo n't you get votes, if I am you, tell me one thing that I am raising this agenda and you  If you like it, then mother, I will contest the election with the story and I will make the people there ok, you tell me Richard, if I do it then will I not get votes? I am not sure, I will win the election from there. Will I not get votes? Will I not get even a single vote? If I am talking less, I am talking good. Will I get votes? Now I am independent, I do not belong to any party. When the country got independence, there were times of independence when the country got independence. In the earlier cabinet, Shyam Prasad Mukherjee, who was from the opposition, was also a minister. People did not even think that India can run collectively. As soon as people thought, this is his ideology, his party will come to power.  Many people can also meet me in another agenda that I want to be fulfilled. If you want, I have the blessings of you all. Do we have 25 MPs out of 545 MPs in the country? Can we tighten only 25 NPS in such a way that it is independence to speak? Not for granted, there is actual independence and they come after being selected from big lions, where there is middle class, they should be educated, they should be businessmen, they should be of office, of course, they should be a social figure, are they not of such mood? Someone will come but their thinking will be independence, they can become ministers in the government if they want to form the government, but when they open their mouths in the Parliament, they will open their mouths directly for the countrymen or for the middle class and they will not have any brother on the party line, party, whip party.  That is, there are many politicians who used to sound very good to us and we have to read such words, nowadays Party with its name itself has the opposite meaning of scolding, isn't it? If my English color is not good, it means something else, then it is that.  If he said something other than the party line, he would be dismissed, brother, as many people call us independence, now those who are from states like Haryana or small states where independence is achieved, it is okay, then the experience there is very bad in many places because it is only When the government's numbers are less, then they have to buy money. Okay, this is a truth about completing the numbers. Do you know the truth about Indian politics? So, they become ministers and then whatever reward they get is internal.  You think that because of the buyer, independence is not respected much, I also agree, but if after becoming independence, someone has to play long innings and always has to open his mouth and stand up for his constituency, then 1 MP belongs to some party.  Yes, he is an MP, if he wants to do anything, he can do it for him every day, if he stands in front of the Railway Minister, if there is a stop at my place, then it will be built, and if he stands at my place like this,  HRD should be opened, if the college should be opened then the lab should be opened in front of the minister. If the hospital should be fine, then it will be there. MP does not have that passion. What is the reason behind this, why is oil not available to anyone else? We are more towards Independence NPS.  You have to go now because you are an MP of a party, whether you get the ticket or not, why will you push so hard, you will automatically hit all that, you can push so hard only if you are a low-income boy.  If you are an MP and your father is less or a powerful minister, then you can sanction people, you know what are the constituencies, I too have one but this is a city, the story happened there too, so it is okay, that story is different now in Tamil Nadu. If someone has less father or in Haryana someone has less father or the story is made up or someone becomes someone's aunt or uncle or someone's nephew, it means that such relationships are fine.  If there is, then he will do it, but it is very less because nowadays even in nepotism, only one person in a family will go to this, this will go to this and it will be more messed up. Earlier, what used to happen in nepotism, at least what used to happen in five- six districts.  Only one state will shine, this is a different kind of thing, you talk nonsense, I also talk practical, in this matter, if there is less in Rajasthan and his son, if there is anything in the story, then it will also affect his sir too, so he is there.  If extra money is less then sometimes it  If the area gets developed, the government of this area comes, then this one happens, then in 10, 20, 30 years, if someone brings out a model district, some great, some less, then it drags the people around it too, that is fine.  This topic will remain separate in the future, I am going to tell you this simple thing in the free also that it is not as bad as you think, it is such a big country, it is not easy to carry it along, this is also free.  Will work  Accept it, it is good, it is big, the answer is not so easy, you should not think that all the resources will go to the middle class, you have to see if anything is going to the poor even through free resources and if they are getting some benefit from it. How can I make indirect profit? If the story is being run, then which pipe is it going on and which listed company is it? If not, which one is going these days? Story is the car, story is the laptop, story is the mobile.  It will be digital, there will be digital regulation, the solution will be for finance, what is happening with all these things, then the middle class has to do second third fourth sixth order thinking and also look for such investments that if one system below is improved then I will also benefit from that. In Karnataka, if women are allowed to travel in buses for free, then it is not necessary to run that much. If there is a woman standing in the bus and going for free, then what is the problem? The bus was going anyway, there were only six women traveling there. So her family members said, 'Hey, it costs so much for you to travel, if that expense is reduced then maybe she can go out more, can go here and there, can go here and there anytime, so it is not so because the Karnataka Government has given permission to women.  If the buses are made free then the Karnataka Government will have to buy ₹ 10000 extra buses. No, it is not that the rate of diesel has gone up, it is not that they have hired more drivers, they are taking buses from the same buses that were running. Now she is walking further, standing and walking, from her second third fourth, you will get to see the order benefits. Have you understood the messaging? Please share. If you have not yet subscribed to the channel, then you will subscribe. Thank you very much.