Hello friends, today according to one thing of politics, I want to teach you a concept by anchor bias and you will try to understand it. Recently in our elections, we have seen two figures, 370 crossed and 400 crossed this time.  When the bar crossed 400, then why did this figure of 400 come? Why did the figure of 370 come so that people could discuss beyond this? Now the focus has gone here that if you get 370, you will get 400.  They will say that you are not getting it, you are not getting that much, no one will talk about whether 200 72 is coming or not, that is one, it is called putting anchor on it, put the anchor of anything so high, this is psychological warfare, this is done in marketing.  It is done in sales. If you want to buy anything then tell me, yes, for how much? It is worth ₹ 2000000. Now if the anchor is put at 200 then it is 20000.  Now bargaining will start from Rs 200, if you had said Rs 150 then it would have been Rs 150, then this is a big lesson in life and a good thing, so this topper student party is our topper student, all these things go from very good to good. And if you have seen how successfully they do this, then if the figures are not available then they have said on record that brother, we were giving this target to our workers and it was given to the workers.  It is like you are a normal middle class child who says to his child that he should come at 90. He should come at 95. This time, if he crosses 95 then there is nothing wrong in saying this, but this is a big war fair. In a way, a psychological game has been played because this is the first time.  What we saw in politics was one of our provinces, where in the elections of the province where Gurgaon is located, if it is good then it was said that there are 90 seats in that election.  In the discussion of total assembly it was said, this time it is 75 times, that is 75 par, 75 par, 75 par, after hearing it, I felt that yes man, if you are saying 75 par, then brother, 60, 65 have come, it is okay, 40 seats are up to the I and Opposition Party.  The morale was low and they used to say that brother, if we are in trouble then we should force them because definitely the workers of their parties and I talked to them also said that we were nervous but we did so.  If you do it then a lot of people don't even go to vote because sometimes what happens is that you want to vote for the winning candidate, if your candidate is not winning then you say don't go because you don't want to vote for the winning candidate.  You want to put it and the winning candidate is not according to your ideal and your player who is a weak player, you say leave me, who is sad that his brother-in-law has lost just like that?  People of Haryana do it, it's okay, so friend, this one has to lose, then I came to know brother, he wins by 2 votes on 1, the other one is fine and anyway, if you look at the seats, only 40 seats are there, then this is anchor bias, very strong market.  How much will happen, what will happen, it is becoming a very close finish, the election is very dynamic, wherever the election is late, you check a little bit, the position is very tight there, but in this heat, it can happen in a short time.  Some or the other story will come in between. I feel that between the video that is being made right now and the elections, I have a feeling that something should happen now, God forbid something like that happens but.  I feel that some event is needed to cross the line. If you feel so, then you tell me, it is okay because the matter is getting complicated and is a matter of great concern. It is a matter of great concern, especially for the topper students. support the party  Have you done this? You have collected all the corruption in the entire party. You have not left any moral ground. One good thing about this topper student party was the very good thing that when this party was not in power for 10 years, their idol ji In that second party, neither were you killing, nor were you getting killed, nor were they getting killed, nor were they killing, they were silently going about their business, they were opposing, they were saying something, they were acting and they were waiting for their turn and then they were Form the government and they praise the government but now they are ready to take everyone. These people, this thing is wrong and they criticize me and troll me, who are devotees at times. Hey brother, what do your top leaders say?  What will we call the leader? What will be the feminine gender? I will call only one of our top female leaders who is not even contesting the elections because she does not have the money to fight. Her husband, who is a top economist, is speaking openly.  Friend, if you are criticizing then we too can do a little bit. If your sitting members in the CCS Community Committee, the top four ministers of India and their husbands are also coming and speaking openly, then we can also do so, I think so.  It has been said that perhaps Sahiba may not be able to become a minister again, this also means that now what is there to regret, what to do, in case of no one becoming a minister, maybe the government will be formed, but because there is so much condemnation openly, I don't know what this means.  I mean, this is also one thing, I would say that democracy is very good at home, okay, okay, then that husband means, come and condemn that thing, I don't know, and he has not eaten bread, he is not a husband, I don't know how to do it like this.  I do n't know, but it is good to be an intellectual, democracy also looks good, if you look like an athlete, it is good on the fact that man, now how to silence him and no one is talking, his husband's name is Surya. Synonym of Surya, what is the synonym of Surya, like, okay, name starts with P, write them, your GK test will be done, name starts with P, surname and at the end, Kar also comes and in the middle, Ba also comes, Ba and P too.  It comes and its quantity also comes in small quantity. Now I have given the name, tell me what it is and it is the synonym of Surya in Hindi. Okay, so they are also saying that this is very wrong, how did they do the electoral bond like this?  It is not being told that the cover up is not happening, now everyone is being told that she is their own wife, we would have accepted everyone, why are you accepting everyone, friend, you, every man, is acceptable, come to the Dhobi Ghat, it means all your clothes will be washed.  Your sins will be washed away, why are you accepting, your worker is crying, you distributed 116 seats to outsiders who lived your idol, which is an organization, which lives by doing like this, right?  That is the organization which does not have ideology from those organizations which you are accepting nor the ideology from your party. They will come and create chaos. Why are you so short sighted because this is just to win the 2024 elections. Brothers and sisters, are you 29 or 29?  It will be seen later that we will win now, similarly, tita fish is happening now, then 100 more people are fine, they will be seen later, how is this, friend, there must be some advisor for them now.  You tell me in which team I am, I am a commentator, I am feeling sad, I am feeling sad that the batsman is not batting right, the strategy is not right, the bowler is not right, the field placement is not right, the fielding is not right.  You are talking nonsense, why are you losing matches, your team selection is not right, you have not picked good batsmen, you have not picked bowlers, you have picked up worthless students.  You are taking the bowler who bowls wide, you are taking the bowler, you do not have a candidate, the film stars have refused to contest your elections, one of those squirrels wants to become madam, no one is available except that madam. 15-  You approached 20 people here and no one is ready to become big, so what is happening, why are those who till now were asking you about mango pieces or gutli?  You eat like this, you suck, they are not even taking the same seats, they are taking the tickets which you used to see everywhere, were seen getting photographed, looked very close, they are not taking seats anywhere, so what is happening, you are not getting those candidates, big-  You guys are great, in the question paper where 26 out of 26 marks were obtained, people in that state are returning their tickets, friend, yours is a winning ticket, that means people here have heard the rest. In political parties, they take tickets by giving them, which means that here some unmixed tickets are considered to be lottery tickets. Within that state, they are returning the tickets of this party, so what does it mean, who will answer this? We are so confused.  As a voter, I am confused these days, I don't know whom should I vote, what is the matter, what is going on, you tell me brothers and sisters, post in the comment section where should I vote, how should I vote, then we will go to vote.  Don't press button on NOTA at all, NOTA, VOTA is nothing, brother, it has to be one sided, we will have to talk on ideology, we will have to talk on ideology, how do you guys like the channel, subscribers have started increasing a bit now, as I have seen in the last two  -I started speaking in three videos, so now I will speak again. This political channel is very much like a commentator. I have seen the situation with my own eyes. It is not at all one-sided. You will feel that those who are connected from the beginning are those who are part of it sporadically.  Once something came into my ear that I didn't want to hear about it, I would run away. Then he would run away. He is not even my audience but still I have a request from you all that those who are like you are my subscribers.  And the listeners who are listening to me, please increase one subscriber more, our mission is to cross the mark of 50000, this time we will cross 50000 in this election.  If you have to cross the figure of 50000, brothers and sisters, then you can get it done, okay please subscribe, add one subscribe each, how difficult it is to get an ad, then you realize how difficult it is to even ask for votes, it is not so easy, this is a matter of summer. Elections are coming, we will all go and vote, do all that and ask full questions, brother, what are you doing, tell us the syllabus, one man is seen fighting the elections, the rest is his.  Brother, this is what we must have won, we must have crossed this boat, we have nothing of our own, brother, it will be very difficult, it will become very difficult, the matter is very difficult, push hard, okay, because what is that glory sometimes, the leader takes it all.  Then many a times he becomes lonely and he says, Brother, when all the clapping is to be taken and the vote is cast in your name, then you are the one who gets pushed, which means you are the one who is unhappy. In Haryana, if I speak such a language, now the language is bad.  I am not using it anyway  I am telling you that you are the one who pushed hard and the same thing is happening. To me, only one person seems to be pushing hard, but in the rest of the party, still only one person seems to be pushing harder. Here, only one person is seen pushing hard.  It is being seen everywhere that brother, this is the Superman who will make you cross, this is the Iron Man, this is the one who will make you cross, so brother, this way the matter will become tight, the matter will become very tight. My video on ideology is going to come, you all must watch it. Thank you  Very much subscribe the channel, getting very good appreciation, very good comments are coming, likes are also coming, do comment, do write whatever you feel, this is not the time to discuss politics.  We can be saved, we have to discuss, we should know how to discuss, we should know how to discuss positively, which will be good for the country and our good, we should know how to discuss like this, but I don't feel like it, other channels are taking us away.  Holding my ears at one place, this one is not mine, I am doing this, I am claiming this when I myself am not decided as to whom I should vote for, where will I take you, I have not made my decision yet, so I Which way should I take you, should I take you here or should I take you, the rest is all clear cut, it seems that we will also practice our voting. Is it true that this is true because there is a lot of confusion, I am not able to decide on one and I am  Life I am a very intelligent person, Guruji from Gurugram and I feel that when I take a decision, because look, if I have to do it with my eyes closed, it is completely one-sided, I have to do it in prejudice, I have to do it in fear, I have to do it in greed, then the decision is easy.  Yes, but it has to be done with a genuine mind, if it has to be done by being genuine, neutral, open minded and with intelligent higher order thinking, then you cannot take a decision now, this is that stage and I want more.  People to be in this stage rather than be very clear brother, we are here so you are here so no one will come to say Namaste to you, people like us will still come to do so, everybody is sided NYD not yet decided let it be like this, na dhudkan hona Give a little more vows, let the promises come out, we don't know, we can go in any direction and whatever we are, this is 5, 7, 8, voter is also on 10, believe me, our  If we decide the elections, then we have the power, we become on 101, because 10 is a lot, 10 is a lot, on many seats, then the matter becomes about 20 lakhs, where votes are cast, there are 20000 votes.  Is % and many of your seats will be decided below 5000 6000 10000 15000 20000 even 50000 is just 3, if around 20 lakhs are cast, where even 12 lakhs are cast, it is okay at 600 is just, then 101 but if it is undecided then you will get a lot of power, rest of the people are carrying it on their forehead.  That brother, I will not do like this, they have put the meaning on their forehead, they are fine but we will decide and I am increasing our numbers, with this the citizens will take power. Politician to politician will not be able to take us for granted, I am trying so hard, so please subscribe the channel, thank you very much.