Hello friends, we will discuss about UPS, earlier there was NPS, before that I will bring it in OPSS, people with higher order thinking, beyond that, it has not been discussed till now, only its detailing has been discussed till now, I always have that video after a day or two.  Make and explain its beyond that which has not been discussed, then quickly quickly first let's discuss what is UPS and beyond that, brother, something like a new phrase has come up which is politically motivated and the government is under compulsion.  The government has to be brought in and the government is looking weak due to this, turn another U. Turn by this government, due to which N has been removed from NPS and U has been added. They are saying that why not name it as OPSO PS only and OPSPL has to be paid at Rs. 10 per cent.  They did not give anything in the old pension scheme, the real government son-in-law was the same, so those who wanted OPSO PS will be happy, no, in UPS you have to pay Rs 10, but the government will give it at Rs 185, which earlier used to give at Rs 14. That has been increased, now you will get an assured pension at 50, it will remain off your last drawn, you will have to work for 25 years to get it fully, if you do 20 then what will be the proposal, 20/25 and you will get it at 80, if you do 15 years then 15 25  That is, it will be available at 60 but will it remain cute, there is no discussion beyond that which was there earlier, the discussion is about the index that it has been adjusted for inflation.  But just like there was OPSM, pension will not be available like this, what will be better than NPS, it is not necessary that it is better but the fact that it has given you assurance, minimum guarantee program has been given, it is an advantageous thing that NPS was lex, it is a great complication.  Whether it is to be or not, they are also checking just now, 23 lakh employees in the Central Government or Co are benefited. If all the State Governments employ them, then there are 90 lakh more employees, so the total.  Around Rs 1 crore 13 lakh are affected. There will be a lot of cost on this issue, so now let's start with those five points which are higher order thinking about what happened after doing this, what is the end result, who will benefit from this, will they benefit or not?  He will tell in the end what will happen in the elections of Maharashtra and Haryana, is there any benefit from this, people are happy and angry, so the first thing that has come out after doing this, brothers and sisters, this government is weak.  It is visible, it is not visible. After this, now everyone has those things which they will sharpen to attack, that they will surround this government and this is the oppression, they are afraid, now all the organizations are saying that we need OPAC, we need OPSG.  And good work was going on with NPS and fingers should have been kept on lips and the country was doing well. The government had changed during the time of Atal ji. This was the BJP government in 2004.  From 2014 to 2014, there was Congress government, it did not miss a beat, it was going well silently, but brother, so much jargon, has something happened in the last 10 years or else these people also raised issues, they are stuck, now they are looking weak in the matter of UPS.  The second thing is that the government would like to turn around and ask the biggest issue, brothers and sisters, the story was amazing, the pension bill on Agniveer was to be saved, now which government employee of the country is a chump, I am trying to act like Amit Shah ji.  The employee will take pension but pension will not be given to Agniveer, who faced bullets standing at the border, whose job is to give papers, give files, give tea, make some adjustments to the chair, do dusting, his pension is assured, wow wow Modi ji wow, what a master stroke, what a master stroke. You see, the fear of YouTube is also disappearing, I am surprised, I mean, earlier three-six months ago, they did not make such things, they did not even say, what is happening, I am surprised, I am so worried about BJP.  Why are they becoming so weak? What is this? No pension to Agniveer, nothing to Agniveer. Raised it in Parliament and here you are giving it. What is this? And all the state governments will give it. Oh Karnataka, Kerala, your Tamil Nadu is from the border.  It has nothing to do with it. Yes, the little water bearer there will take the pension. My soldier Agniveer standing in Jammu and Kashmir has nothing to do with it. I am telling him about geography. If he gets it then everyone will feel a little ashamed of himself.  They are getting trapped, they are getting trapped in the trap of opposition, they are getting trapped one after the other, there is no clapping. Now do the third thing and tell us what will increase the attractiveness of government jobs. Practically, no one has become very great. I am straight.  I am saying with face that government job should not go even after this, I will make videos for a particular audience in future, the secret of government job is black secret, that is left, the video will come because it was not made because dynamic. What is the situation? They should have made it first and then this would have come. Now this has come, if it is still made then wait a bit, nothing is happening so soon, it is okay, then the clamor will increase, caste census will be going, what do people say, sugarcane, sugarcane, caste sugarcane, sugarcane, not sugarcane.  Sugarcane census is fine, caste cast census will be made, clamor will come, now we will have to accept that whatever Rahul Gandhi wants, he gets it done, this is the wheel of time, what is astrology, brother, I am surprised.  Yes, if you are surprised, then tell me, the devotees are also shaken, now I will tell further about the devotees also, it is very interesting, there are two more points, okay, this is what reservation is all about, because it is given here, now there will be more noise, politics of government job.  The same thing is happening, the opposition is setting the agenda, they are coming weak on everything, it is okay, otherwise there was no need for them to do anything, what else could they have created a narrative, what could they have done, I will tell you because ultimately.  Brother, the government employees, whose salary is Rs. 23 lakhs from the Central Government and Rs. 90 lakhs from the State Government, they do not even go and apply this, otherwise they are on duty, well, I will not tell anyone, no one knows anything even from the ballot paper, it is okay but to do this much.  There is no need but still we will talk further about the fourth point of accountability. Now the government becomes accountable to that corporate employee who is grinding from morning to evening and now he has to pay tax and  Will have to pay double the tax. Where will the expenditure of Rs. 6250 crores come from for the finance? Where will this come from? The government is also paying arrears. First of all, the public's anger towards those who are in government jobs is increasing.  And accountability can be sought, because now you are earning this pension also, there is no such benefit on paper, but you see this, if a government employee earns 10% of his basic pay.  Put it in direct mutual fund and brothers and sisters, if you pay 15% and grow it in 15 years, then 15000 rupees becomes crore. If you invest 15000 rupees for 15 years, the average return at 15% then it becomes 1 crore. This is how Warak ji teaches by doing this. I also remember all the figures, so I am telling you this, so brother, he should do his OPSG, now the government is 18.30.  But now it has been increased from 14 par, so what happened to the one who had joined in 2005 till date, will he be given areas as per 185 par or will he join from now on at 18.5, we have kept so many catches. Like experts who take time and understand, there are conflating reports, newspaper people also do not apply any mind, children have read and told something, even the users do not do anything, there are some stories and this Those who are breaking news are just pointers, they tell you a simple question, is it common, what is the restoration, will DA be given, what is the meaning of indexation on pension, earlier restoration used to be a factor of cuteness, it seemed like there is some such system or  There is no provision, it is just a phrase, then what is it, there is nothing, there is no big money, earlier for 10 months, graduation was given up to 20 lakhs, now the government has made it six by teaching the old things in English and explaining them. Not like I am telling you, it's a pan cake with a lot of potato pat inet and shallow fried with touch of mint and some this thing, say something in English like this, do n't say this, you are eating it like potato parotta, you are fine.  Many people can explain potato paratha in English like this, brother, what a good thing is Aloo paratha, but by English it like this, eat it like this, I also do foodie copywriting, many times they give big names to them.  Write in good English in hotels and give it to the people so that it seems to them that I do this work too, so this government is also doing the same thing, by putting the same thing in a phrase again and again, the focus is on if he dies, if he dies, if he dies, then  If you die, you will give it at 60. If you die, you will give it at 60. Why not give it in full? What was the family pension earlier? If someone dies while doing a job, what will you give? Why is this small thing that earlier used to give Rs. 00 to someone, now give Rs. 50.  are  Yes brother, you are adding that too, you think this is amazing, that's why I am going to tell you, the same thing is going to come on the fifth point. First of all, in today's country, I am laughing but it is black humor because I also fall in this category. Because I belong to that community which does not have reservation. The people of my community in Haryana do not have reservation. There are other places in Rajasthan but we do not have it here. Our people were special when they were getting it.  I had cast my vote so many years before I came, it is okay, during the time of Devi Lal ji, when Mandal was there, he was the Deputy Prime Minister, that's why Mandal had come to Mundal, then I did not get him to cast my vote, so it is not even for his own community, you can say like this, what came?  I am trying to say that I do not have reservation, many of you do not have it, so in India, if a person is in general category and does not have pension, he is in general category and he is normal.  You have to do a job, you have to do business, brother, he has a lot of load, he has to support many people, he has to give 80 crore grains to the poor people in the country, now he has to give pension also, Madam Nirmala ji will increase the rent again, this time Bhuvan will be given three rupees.  Guna La Gyan will have to be imparted, now this Bhuvan who has become the brother of all, is it okay, what to do, now I have not got a government job, I have prepared for the competition, now I am doing normal, I am not your only child, I was worthless.  If you did not get a job, now you will have to work for it. To get pension, you will get a pension at 25. After getting a job at 22, 2, 24, you will have to work after retiring at 48, 49. So you have to realize that this is a backward step. Pension should be full in Armed Forces and CRPF and BSF and in belt jobs where there is risk to life, pension should be 100% for those people and where  Life is not going on, normal water has to be given, tea has to be done, file has to be picked up, life is not going on now, in these villages where life is not being lost, PS was fine, now you have made the bank unions open their mouths, PSU banks, PSUs and I don't know who -  Who will be there now because they will say that this is the vote bank, now coming to the last point, the BJP government does not see any political benefit from this because there is still resentment in it, those who have got it are still happy. No, it is said that the OPL caste and the bigger class it is, the employee strength is 90 lakhs, if you add 233 lakhs of Central Government people, then even 145-150 crores of the country, these people did not even make it to 1st, their families also got it.  Even if it is made at one and a half two, brothers and sisters, how many people will get angry in the matter of one and a half and two layers, today I want to ask if you were a devotee.  If BJP is okay, then how are you feeling? How are you feeling now because what are you getting these things, that religion has become a religion and has been going on for a long time, it has even become a Ram temple. You had good ideology too but your  You see what is happening together, tell me in the comment section, is this a U-turn, taking U-turns again and again, which was very good on YouTube, Godi media has no brain now, but YouTubers used to insist and say, now how will you defend everything, then U-turn.  It is doing what Rahul Gandhi ji wants. Everything seems to be going in that direction. Is the old pension system a bad thing for the country? Can't BJP say this? Ca n't it take that one? Why is BJP afraid? Why don't they come and speak?  There is no need of UPS also, there is no need of NPS and for the sake of the country, explain to such and other people because you BJP has become that party which makes one of its 100 true and false and fill in the blanks also to do wrong.  not ready  If one or two percent of the votes are lost, then five questions will be left out. This is happening that your supporters are getting angry with you, they will also go, right? I am telling BJP that those who used to consider you good, now your performance seems bad.  They see that this is a crying child, you gave him toffee, what did you give to him, what did you give us, today BJP workers are the most cheated, right now elections are being held in Haryana, elections are being held in Jammu and Kashmir and BJP is in Jammu.  Of  The workers are crying, those who have come from outside, Congress's Jumma Chumma, it has not been 15 days, they are getting tickets, the BJP people are just keeping on laying the carpet, the heart of the BJP worker is beating, he is sitting to lay the carpet, poor fellow.  He will put a chair on the table and a carpet without any hesitation, rest all the tickets are Congressmen  It seems that in the vote bank politics, the new people whom you have tried to make happy may not be happy and in this matter many people have got angry and many unions have got angry and it seems that there is some political benefit being made from it.  Mileage is not visible anymore and there is no OPSG, Bhagwant Maan ji's government and I want to ask Bhagwant ji, Punjab has OPSS, have people taken it, there is a lot of difference between speaking and doing because many things may happen, see, the leaders are  Money turns into anything, the state government will print a little mint of Nashik, they have it and the central government also knows the resources and what is the fiscal deficit. Fiscal deficit of the country is increasing and this is just an initial figure. Beyond this there will be inflation.  What difference will it make? And the higher order thinking is that when you do such things, the value of money falls and so does the economy.  There is no very positive effect, the fiscal deficit is increasing, politically it is not very great and the common man is not getting any benefit from this, now it is better than this when you are doing it like this then it is better than this then it is Rahul Gandhi friend ladies  Look at the poor woman, give me the money, then all of them are busy in giving this. Who earned this money, tell me who is busy in looting it. Sir, does she loot by asking, have we announced to us? We gave it. Hey, did you bring it after earning? We do n't earn. You collect. What does the government earn? The government collects. People work and pay taxes. The government collects taxes. The government earns. Now the government has to pay taxes from you.  The officers hired to collect will also take more tax from you for their pension so that they can collect better tax from you. Have you understood what they told you about tax from you?  Those who collect should get pension in future, its fund will also be given to you by taxing more so that it can collect more tax, it is a wonderful thing, it is a wonderful thing, how is it feeling, how is it feeling, BJP's vote bank was growing at 36. You tell whether it is visible or decreasing. Inflation is not under control. School fees are not under control. Real estate is not under control. Potholes are not under control. Water is full. Okay and bridges are falling.  Statues are falling, anything that is standing is falling, anything that is walking is derailing, I am surprised, if you guys are surprised then tell me how you felt, tell me the video, you have to be sarcasm and show that you have to make 10 people happy.  If you are going, then 100 people are going to be angry with you, this has to be told so that these activities do not happen again, otherwise, what a weak government is a good thing, Manmohan Singh ji's government was not weak.  With 145 MP, he is showing too much weakness with 240. No brother, he is weak. With 272, majority is formed. If he is sitting with 240, then according to me he should not be weak, but Manmohan Singh is not looking as strong as he should be, so he is 206.  In 'Singh is King' he became the second time when Manmohan Singh ji came after winning the 2009 elections and in 2006 he was his MP and before that he was  145 In the first tenor, when it increased from 145 to 206, that song Sing is King was available. There was only one Sing is King song left. Later, whenever they were shown, it included Sing is King by news channels. So brother, in 206, Sing is King.  Had become 240, these are the ones, I am surprised. Yes, Maths and the country are better than that. We have to be happy, we have to keep smiling, we have to work, we have to learn. More money has to be earned and more money has to be earned so that more tax can be paid so that more pension can be given from it. Pension OPSN is being discussed everywhere in the future. It is being talked about that it is okay for the ladies to give that to everyone.  Everything is ready, then reservation will be done after cast census, maybe it will be done at 75, all these people can go in that general category even at 25, so now you know that it is becoming clear now, friend.  Do it clearly, do all the reservations, do all the reservations, then what is there to save and also look at the taxes, if you have to give them pension, then it's just fun. I am asking, if you are a government employee, are you happy?  Raj, do you want to be told, okay, government employee, are you happy? Look, the government has made a scheme for you. He would know in more detail what is happening with me. The government will deduct 10 rupees and 185 rupees.  Will give then I am getting gratuity, I will get this much money, I will get it at 50, then what will I get next? If he will put 1.5% of 183 then he will put it in a separate fund somewhere, he will put it at 10 in the market, in the market at 10, in the market, at 185, the government is giving it.  Will buy in the market at Rs 10 and will put 85% in a separate fund which is giving guarantee at Rs 50, then it would be better if he puts the entire government in it at Rs 185.  Returns can come, this is a thing to be calculated on excel, how much is the jumla, how much is the benefit and what else is it still clear to the employees that Bhai Swaad to OPSO PS who after looking at the demography and life expectancy of Indians, is taking the country towards banker's money. If that thing is further exploited, then this political party, which is also in opposition, is not a ghat, it comes up with more ruinous schemes and the regret is that  The government which is BJP, which knows everything about the entire government, what is its account, it is bowing down for such popular measures and is bending on popular measures and the Agniveer who works for the security of the country and the country 's money is on him.  Then brother, you are saving money, so you like saving money there, you don't like it here, so answer this now, where will it come from? No, it will be funded, funded by home, where is the government bringing this 185 from?  But he is giving 185 rupees, the government is giving 14 rupees, now it will contribute 45 rupees, then why ca n't you give it to Agniveer? The question is, why did you do the affair of Agniveer, why not in it and the rest.  There will be many questions in this place too, so questions will keep arising, you must share the video, thank you very much, please like the channel, subscribe and put it in like minded individuals. And do a little higher order thinking, rise above these fifty-eighth ho, this is just a phrase I have heard, after this it will also impose tax on everyone, those in the 30s and 40s will also be included in it, whoever gets the retirement benefits may also be empty handed.  Empty it and say, Guruji, keep quiet, don't give them ideas, they don't wait for my ideas, those who give them ideas have servants sitting near them, they will give with one hand with the other hand.  Will take it out and you will say tell me clapping now people have doubted or not friend this is not a happy thing once again mercy there is something black in it which one is ok there is something wrong in it tell me again how to explain what was found what was lost  You will give with one hand, you will take with the other hand, they will say, please clap, okay, now that clapping is not going to happen, there is no political benefit, you have made your core voter devotees feel shaken by your action, then that means the time will come to pick up the bag.  go  It is coming very fast, we did not want it to come so soon but it is coming very fast, I cannot understand and it has been made 25 years old because now look at what intelligence has been done in 2025, this is implemented since 2004, master is mourning. 2024 is going on, so only 20 years have passed, so it has been made 25 just to push it to 2029, not yet, there will be a complete account, who is retiring now? Now we will make it pro rata. I am saying that the old ones who were paying at Rs 10, those who were getting Rs 14, what will happen to them? Is it so complicated? Look man, and normally if there is any service in the government, then its salary is the same, so is the pension.  It should also be the same, we will retire accordingly, here Bhranti Bhati's pension will be this much, her pension will be this much tomorrow, if we complicate this much in the future also, there can be a scam in this too, that address is very big.  This will not work in India after 15 years, it will not be known today, it will be known later because the tax is so complicated, who will press whose buttons, what is the selection, how many should be made, who is deciding, that too, the government man will sit and calculate whose.  How much is your pension? How much did you make? How much did you make? How much did you make? How much did you make? Your NPS was this one, this one was the return one, this one was going to give you the curd of your brain, this one had just increased the capital gain. From Rs 10 to Rs 125, then brought it back, then removed its indexation cost, then imposed it, then it happened again and today Chartered Accountants are holding their brains and say everywhere that we have simplified, simplified, like in Haryana, we have simplified it.  The door will be broken, Poopa will be fine as October 1st is coming, I have made the portal a secret and here is a portal, there is a portal and everything is fine, I have given a photo and written the rest of his house in his name.  Have you kept anything aside, I have to concentrate a little in Haryana. Elections are coming. If you want videos of Haryana, please write Haryana and write which province of Haryana and which place you are from. There is one more request.  It is a request to every subscriber who is watching till now, please write in the comment section from which district or city you are listening to me so that you get that national feeling as to where.  There is reach so that the issues that are there can be raised because there are many issues in the country which are not being raised by anyone because they neither generate votes nor make any issues out of them, nor are they clickbait-ish but they are necessary.  So please write in the comment section thank you very much