Hello friends, Veg vs Non Veg debate, many questions were being asked on this, it would be a very good video, watch it and circulate it to everyone, whether you like it, I will explain it very well, I will even take it to religion, is it okay, actually take care, how do you understand this thing?  You should approach him, I will tell you the thing, you will either be veg or non-veg, whatever you are, watch it comfortably and enjoy. First of all, let me tell you that the debate that is going on is on two levels.  It is on the level inside your house, the level of relatives, mother's, daughter-in-law's, hey, he eats non-veg, he doesn't eat, hey, so and so eats, it is going on at the micro level of the society, it is going on at the level of the family, friend, your dear.  There is identity and the other one which is going on at the political level, which is going on at a bigger level, both have to do with the story or the story control, it will come out in the best way, but now let us understand in the beginning that there is one level at this level.  One thing is going on at this level and the other thing is that this debate is going on a lot, so in this we have to understand whether the veg people are putting pressure on the non-veg people, they are putting pressure on the debate as to what is better or bigger.  Is that a recommendation? Are the veg people making too much noise that non-veg food is bad and should not be eaten non-veg or are the non-veg people making noise that hey, you veg people should also eat non-veg, meaning you yourself tell me what is happening in my opinion.  from and 99.99 100% According to me, you will agree that only those who eat veg or are vegetarian and the institutions or organizations associated with witch one are doing this, then the atlist understands it at the level, do n't jump too quickly now, oh Guru ji.  Quickly tell me which is better and bigger, when will we go because what are we doing in India right now, we are arguing more, not communicating, we are sitting with our own points and the dispute is becoming a dialogue.  What happens in the dialogue, we go to contribute and talk to him comfortably about what is happening, then we know the third thing, there are 820 crore people in this world, about 780 crore eat non-veg, only 40 crore are vegetarian.  So it does not mean that the issue of democracy is not happening, that if there are only 40 crore people and 780 eat non-veg, then has it become correct? Do not do it like this, I am telling the figures. Whatever it is, I am not saying that 40 crores are wrong and 700 are right or 780 are wrong and 40 crores are also not right. I am not saying that, and out of these 40 crores, who is vegetarian in the whole world?  Approximately 38-39 crores in India, if you see in our country also, out of 140 crores, 100 crores plus are non-vegetarian and a huge rest in the world.  That 97% of the vegetarian population, 98 crore population does not eat non-veg, that Vigan Vigan oven, we will talk about it further, is it under a movement or could be due to health, okay, that is very subtle, 1 crore means out of the world. Apart from India, the population is around 700 crores, out of which one crore is just fine, so you should know what is happening. Okay, now let's move ahead. Veg people say that by eating non-veg,  The carbon footprint increases and the earth gets harmed. Okay, we will not debate on this. Further, there is Acharya Prashant ji who says that even in giving birth to a child, it is not known how many trees would be cut down. If there was a carbon foot, then don't even give birth to a child because  There is no other reason for this debate, it does happen but carbon footprint is there if you are a vegetarian and you drive an stay butt  I want to tell you that this happens with 10,000 other things too. Okay, many people will say that the earth has given such a good thing, is it necessary to do this to eat? It is also said that our teeth are not like this. We Kutch cannot do what a lion does, its big eight are like this, so first of all, such arguments, humans Kutch do not eat non-veg, they eat cooked food. So, when asterisk is given, then a little bit, when those asterisks go to many things.  Yes, it is wrong, this is how I will go about the issues in India, I will also tell you that, watch the entire video properly, only then you will get clarity. Most of the people who are non-vegetarian, speak from the Mauka Terrain type. I have not heard anyone saying that those who are hardcore non-veg, remove it from the month of Saavan.  Ghat, why is this guilty feeling going on in the houses? He is asking more, he is a vegetarian, he is a complete vegetarian, he has no interest in eating non-veg, he is also not asking first.  So we should ask that who will the video hit the most, those people whose idea is completely clear that being a vegetarian is a sin, then the one who knows that brother, I want to enjoy committing this sin, don't listen to me some story.  It is also clear that who are the people, whether it is the caste that mom heard or the daughter-in-law eats it, sleeping with someone or any other relative or acquaintance or those who are facing prejudice, this is a video for them to liberate them.  There is a video for this, now let's go ahead, you have to see the vegetarians who also create noise, many of them are less than date feeling, show some achievements in their life and show some virtual ones, I don't know how to sing well in my life.  Story: I have not reached a powerful position, I do n't even have much money, suddenly you think what is it, then tell me, I am not a vegetarian, oh my God, I am a vegetarian, the issue is also like this.  It is not for everyone, but it is true that they have to do something, how can they be insulted at some point? Any other person is getting this insult. Vegetarians are insulting non- vegetarians just by asking this question, and what is this thing?  I will continue in the future as well, it is okay, smoking cigarette, drinking alcohol, no one will say good, till now I have not said about non-veg, it is good, it is okay, vegetarian is called non-veg, it is okay, smoking cigarette, drinking alcohol, getting intoxicated, home intoxicant.  Do Hajj Go Nobody Bill Set This Good Because It Affects People's Life Note Only Your Health If someone near you or someone in your family becomes an alcoholic father, someone in the house gets addicted to drugs, some cigarette causes illness, the whole family is affected.  This family is this affected society, this is also affected, so issues should be made about them also, but have you ever heard that there is a protest against cigarettes or against alcohol?  There is opposition, the government is killing the revenue of the dhaba, there is control, meat production is happening, everything is happening but he is not like this, there will be no hue and cry in the name of religion, but there is not much hue and cry in the name of politics.  This kind of thing works very well on him, one half state is fine, what happens, let me tell you, whoever is yours is fine, then do not oppose them, then we go ahead, what I would like to tell is that many times it is said that hey veg.  After eating milk and curd, I am in Haryana, I am not blaming it on my personal side, I know that I am clear, but I am not telling others that brother, you are normal, it is very good because opposition is bad for every stomach.  The thing to be done is that if you eat curd bat, that too, it may cause more harm, it also contains more date, it is called another thing, there is protein in it also in your pulses, it does not contain that much, because those who are imparting so much knowledge, your lentils are cooked  Let's take 100 grams of dal and weigh it and tell you some stories. It is cooked and there is also a bowl of dal. People will eat six people and one person will eat it. And if you are comparing it with that then wrong wrong new country like 70 lakhs.  Had taken a medal along with population, if one of our medals is gold then we keep walking dogs, then that is the lack of muscle, okay, it is our choice, but I would like to say that yes, this is a lifestyle choice.  There is a lifestyle choice behind the lifestyle choice and behind every lifestyle there are some advantages and disadvantages. Another person can live. If your lifestyle is to go in an expensive car and a fuel guzzler, then you are ruining the earth. Your lifestyle choice is to live in one and in the conditioner. Many vegetarians who live in a conditioned environment are also causing damage to the earth. Consuming too much electricity is also causing harm on paper.  By writing, trees are also being cut, 10,000 such activities are being done by you, you are using plastic, you are not recycling it, you are not recycling waste, you are not putting your garbage separately, you are not putting it in dry bed, then you are doing it every time.  Where you have issues on this, Irrespective of Veg Non-Veg, so I will say again that it is a lifestyle choice, your life should be a stall choice, power is wearing jeans, I myself am wearing dhoti, maybe wearing jeans.  I will make a video on it to give clarity on what harm he is doing to her. It is okay for you to see but that is a lifestyle choice. Girls are roaming around wearing short clothes, they wear salwar suits, they wear sarees, what else do they wear?  It is a lifestyle choice, people come to that too, so one thing is that it is a lifestyle choice, people come to comment a lot on lifestyle choice, one is inside a democracy and one  In a democratic world, one limit bond is not good, how to do it, how to pace it, I tell you in a very good way, G-20 has just happened, our country is India, we want to promote it, we want to tell this thing to understand the world.  So the food we had was the menu, the dinner we had was a very good menu and it is written in the world that brother, the taste can be taken from these things also without doing it like this and did not tell him that brother, this is good or bad, I also told him.  If you stay at home or in a hotel  You are here because many of us Indians are not that many. First of all, there is one thing in our India and I want to tell you that there are thousands of meals to be eaten for 33 days in a year. Out of 365, it is possible that one person may keep that fast and may miss it.  Go Cobra Dena, a person eats approximately 1000 meals in a year. There are thousands of these so called non- vegetarians too. These thousands of meals are not of non-vegetarian food, so it is not such a big issue that oh my God, if you go to a foreign country.  See, it starts with breakfast. In India, you know no one eats breakfast normally. Yes, I know eggs. Eggs are used but they eat normally. Foreigners eat breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks. Take such a time for them.  It is okay to keep it, if it is a relief, I will explain those things further because they are all bad and if you tell me this, then I will explain it to you in the best possible way, but people say that drinking tea is bad, some say it is very good, some say  Some say that the milk one is bad, some say that other one is good, then one, this is too much, now many are saying that drinking milk is also wrong, vision, vision, vision, they keep saying, one Virat Kohli will come and see how big he can become.  Hey Virat Kohli, the one who eats according to his father's mind is getting knowledge brother, not everyone is getting that, a normal man drinks his milk and eats less cheese, sometimes like in Haryana they say, eat milk and curd, it's okay Haryana, eat butter.  If you eat this then tell him it's good too  It is said that even a desi cow is called good. You have to say whether or not extracting milk from a cow is also a sin, then we will go crazy. Here in the world, this thing has been going on for so many years, is n't it like this that just now?  The sin is big, this is happening now, this was not happening long ago, it was not like this, we did not fulfill it, okay, it used to happen everywhere, everywhere you have seen that it was used to graze, all used to be less, earlier all were less, old.  Everywhere in my books, in my knowledge and in my epic.  It is written that you are religious, you are Gods, that too is associated, so you have to drink milk, now you don't want to drink milk, then tell me again, when nothing will happen to anything, then in the future, that bread and that should also be band.  Will go to what is the issue actually which we need to raise is the quality of the system of non-veg antibiotics which is being used in comparison to other countries and we are not trying to stop the cut off limit. Hygiene factor is extremely important because too many antibiotics are being used, too much is being done in unhygienic conditions, in unregulated conditions, cleanliness is not going to increase and date is a problem in the outside countries, if sense it is so match is prevalent then their  He has fixed all these mechanisms, even if he talks too much, honestly, I too get a little distracted, I am not like him in the details.  I will go and I am going to tell you that here we have to be the most important thing because one thing is certain that if this thing is happening, if the people are vegetarian and have sensibility and as they say, murder is done by typing and they are in the drains.  I am bleeding and now I have to speak a little, to do all this like this otherwise I will not be able to drive the point, that is very wrong, it means on de face, very tricky where mean things are happening in the society, a dare.  It is happening in one place, it is happening in one place, it is being told, whatever is happening in the system, it is happening behind the curtain, it is happening in cleanliness, it is happening in hygiene, the sensitivity of those who do not do it is also kept in mind.  Then perhaps this opposition may not be so much according to me, then he is the one who is a genuine vegetarian, who has nothing to do with you, your stomach, your life, your lifestyle, whatever you do, you should not come in front of my face if I have. Date Right, so if the story is about the place of food, then vegetarian is different, non-veg is different, if that sensibility is there, then here the non-veg, the people who eat non-veg, the people inside the supply chain and they have a responsibility to fix this thing is very big.  And the role of the government should be in this. You go to one place automatically and then at one place, a hue and cry is happening here and from another place, if the political party was in some other area of India, the issue would have been the region.  The hypocrisy is understandable. Anytime you will see me criticizing the political party, speaking foul is not my cup of tea because that is their politics, what do you want, at one place they are creating ruckus, at another place they will not get votes but these vegetarians.  And those who are very sensitive here, that city is a hit, their caste is there and they say political, they see the same party story of two roses and when they go and don't say anything, then you too don't think so much. You ask them for real time thing, no brother, we need regulation here, we need a standard here [Music] There should be a distance to maintain things, the story is like this, no one should open anything because of the thought that you are a locality.  Or is there a place where it is normal, most of the people like this are vegetarian, if someone goes there and starts doing his program then this date is also not correct just because you will remain or not, what is the harm then what?  It should not be like this, like many people say that we do not want liquor vends near our house, we should eat liquor vends, they should be regulated, there are some rules and regulations, such liquor vends cannot be opened, the story is that brother.  Open the story also, although many places are open and government is also happening, but people protest in it that brother, it should not be near the school here, residential should be very close to it, commercial place is a different place, its place is  Honey, this is the way we have to see this, we have to do this and do not make it too political and hateful. Inside the house, when she is the mother and he is there and she does not want this to happen, then brother, don't do it in the house but buy your own separate house.  Then try to do everything according to the owner of the house, this is also a fact, no, mother does not like it, there is no need to make sister-in-law, separate your house, live separately, eat and drink whatever is yours because it is a lifestyle choice.  There is a class and then there is a debate in it that what is the meaning of making others feel guilty all the time and what do they say, I have heard such incidents with vegetarian people too, what do they also say, it is okay to show Nisha.  For that is also a kind of sin of someone. Now I was trying to explain it according to religion, what is its technique. It is very simple. See, live your life as per Sanatan. Not having judgment is your karma and its results.  There are actions and consequences, there are inputs and outputs. Do what you are doing. What is wrong and what is right. Maybe if this thing is wrong then she will suffer. If you have issues in your digestive system, you are not exercising after eating some food. You don't necessarily need protein. You mean, where you live, this kind of thing is not of good quality at the hygiene level, so if you eat this kind of non-veg, then it will take a toll on your body.  Will she give up or will your dog say something is happening and if brother nothing is happening, infact you are feeling good, I am getting strength and everything is going very well, if everything is good, then it is good, then it is good. So a third person should come into it and another person should come and be the judge because his input is his output, leave it to him, you pay attention to your input, if you see it with such simplicity then people go around propagating their ideologies like YouTube.  The channel is the movie people, watch ours, watch ours, brother, if you have butter, then enjoy with your butter, don't go so far as to tell others, no, your butter is not your butter, that too on lifestyle choice, a good thing in democracy.  No, who will eat what, who will wear what, who means what, who will marry, who will marry and how, do not involve us in all these things if we want to progress the country like this, because there is a lot of debate in this, there are definitely many issues in it.  The issues are inner sense, this non-veg industry is going on in India, on request, lot of regulation, health and also the condition of poultry is very good. If you see it, its condition is very good, then according to it, it is not good.  If you want to copy and say the same things to the best, brother, so many people are doing it, then start doing like them, then tell humanity a little story, because of the way I see this, what is happening, note it down.  Very, in my opinion, nice is fine, so still I debated, I did not tell you whether veg is good or non-veg, anytime in lifestyle choice you can tell me, brother, do it like this, do it like that, tell me like this, but eat here.  What is there in the drink, there will be so many things, if you all agree then you will not be able to enjoy anything. You tell me one item of food, I will tell it in the comment area. 50 There is a video on that why that thing is bad for drinking tea.  10 disadvantages of tea  10 benefits of drinking bread, disadvantages of eating grains, benefits of eating grains, sugar is poison, stop eating sugar, everything is fine in its own sense, but ultimately brother, you do something, no matter how many Babas you become, how many yogas you do, how immortal no one is.  No one has come here after drinking the nectar to be had. These people have to live between 60, 70, 80 and 100 years. I know in one state where I have lived for many years. It is a completely vegetarian state. In a way, even liquor is not allowed there. And his name also starts with 'G', rest I will not tell more than this, ok no 'G' but it is not from Goa, that's all I will tell you, ok he gets the program in the state in 60-65, ok, he is very healthy.  He doesn't eat, drink drugs, that's a different matter, Kakra Fafda and all these two cloud daklas are okay, but brother, the choice is not like that either, okay, there too the public is dripping and it is dripping faster.  It's okay, but they are also happy, so everyone is happy, we have made a system that is working, now they will stay at our place and it is very strict there, even the maids in the society check what has been made here and call Malik and tell him.  If your tenant eats non-veg food then he gets the same notice, this is also less strict, so where there is as much shift, there is as much education, there are many places, I told the name of a state, I have lived there for many years, it is okay, so it is there now.  In that we are not even on them Now they have sensitivity, now they can't say no, no, no, what is the harm, why are you doing so much, now his house is his house, his colony, his state, his and all the rest, don't think it is a simple thing there, no, we will stay here.  That thing is also a matter of caste sensibility. If the vast majority (99%) become vegetarian, then we will give them this also as a fact. Then you will say that she is mine, then don't take any other mother in the family, if you are so concerned about it.  Hardcore is not a non-vegetarian, I have seen it in a love marriage and whether it is a boy's wife or a girl, I will tell the boy also because the girl has to know that at home she is very vegetarian and does puja and all these people must be in trouble. Either they will have to compromise, you will have to do it and it is very difficult to compromise, so this is also an aspect of life, but in this, if this person does not say that this is bad, then this one will say this, you, this oil.  What is the point of this that you are doing dirty oil to that again and again or do that again and again or keep drinking tea, drink cutting tea, drink big tea, sometimes sweet tea, this is also a habit like this and then let's compete.  Who is living longer? Then we came to know that brother, the one who was living a very healthy life in his life is going first because if you look at veg and non-veg people and like this, then brother, if you look at foreign countries, then their life expectancy is  The story is more than India, they also get more medals in Olympics, so according to him, has non-veg become good? You know the West has its own diseases, everyone reduces them. First of all, the news has come in this state, first of all is that condition is not good. It's a lifestyle choice and we do n't have to attack each other, I have to do it for you, but by staying within the boundaries, everyone has to be sensitive to each other, it's not like only the non-veg people have to take care of the veg people.  You also have to keep it to the people that you yourself will go and tell someone that I will explain to you what you are doing, if you want to understand only this much then these people who drink alcohol, smoke cigarettes, take drugs, misbehave, do so many things in life and many more.  There are issues, those are the issues to raise, raise those too, then it's okay, then you are the only one raising it. If it's everyone's lifestyle choice, ask a question, I hope Pragmatic Kelly, I explained, you guys must have understood, okay.  Please feel free to share a little with me on this, I have tried to pour too much cold water in a gram pan, brother, approach it like this, just like I have explained and told you, the facts are not changing for you. 40 I don't see 780 vegetarians being converted from crores of vegetarians. How much chillim-chilli can I do, what will I do? Even if from 40 crores to 40 crores we have become five, it is still our victory. There are many people who say that it is victory.  It is your butt, you know Vijay Patta's your ₹ 50000, there are more fields where you can spread humanity and this meaning in a more butter way, this is my opinion, okay, please share, like, if you have not subscribed the channel, then you will subscribe, thank you.  you very match