Hello friends, today we will talk about Vikram Betal Syndrome. Call it Vikram Syndrome. We have seen the throne of Vikram Betal. In childhood, many of you must have seen the other wise. His small back story is that he is a Betalik ghost and the soul is hanging from someone else.  Vikram brings him and he narrates stories to cross the path and at the end he asks him a question and the question says that Vikram, if you know the answer and you remain silent, your head will be broken into pieces and before that he makes a commitment.  It is like if you open your mouth, I will fly away, so it's like a very tough choice, okay and every time it was Arun Govil ji's character in which the one who played the role of Apne Ram ji in Apna Doordarshan jine kiya hai was the one who  Old Asan Basti type thing, if anyone ever came after that then I don't have any idea, I only know the same one, ok then we will talk about this syndrome that in life we ​​all should behave like Vikram and if you are not behaving then something is  Wrong in the end of the story that soul gets free and they get something and they get something from Simhasana Batti It ends on a very happy note for a king whose name is Vikram ok so this is what happens in life I travel with this thing I will not enjoy, I experience this syndrome. You say that in life we ​​have to support the right and after knowing the right, we definitely have to open our mouth. Many people will fly away if we know. All of them are I don't want to use but subscribers, they run away. Many a times, you will see that we model ourselves on one or the other thing for our own benefit. Some of us consider ourselves feminists.  If it becomes so, that means now he can't speak against women, someone is doing wrong, women can't say that, someone only with prudence, intelligence and consciousness will catch him, someone with a political sense of shame will catch him, even if the politicians of the party change it.  But you catch an ideology that the actual politician who is in power is changing the party and these people are also accepting him. Hemant Soran ji is coming and meeting Modi ji, you know and before that Sonia ji.  When we are going to meet, we do not understand who has to do it, but politicians are also doing something of their own, but we shy away. If someone has taken a side of religion, if we take the same side, then we will handle every situation in our heart. According to me, it should be judged individually and whatever you believe to be true and which is your truth and is the truth of that situation, see, there is a definition of truth, what is truth, what is truth, if it increases or decreases, then the truth does not remain true if it increases or decreases. If something increases or decreases, then the truth is no longer true, why is the truth only this much, meaning it is so small, it is equal to the tip of a needle, the truth is only this much, if it decreases or increases, then the truth is no longer true and there is no limit to lies.  Otherwise, like I say many times in the exam, 14 14 196 is true, 197 195 is a lie and anything can be a lie because the truth is only 196, so if you are not traveling through Vikram Betal Syndrome in life. And I will not again use the word because in syndrome many times we use the word 'travel' and if we are not experiencing it then I don't think so.  You are on the right path of life, then you will never get the throne 32. You will feel that Betaal did not run away, Betaal remained on your head but you did not reach anywhere, your mouth was closed and you will never get such a feeling if you keep that mouth closed.  If your head is breaking into pieces then you don't even have the knowledge because when you reach the intellectual level which every human being should reach, one of the goals of this channel is that you people Taking the subscribers somewhere on a thought process level, then if you do not reach there then you will not be in pieces. Sir, you will say that your address is of the menu of Sanu of Sanu, oh leave it, get the soil of Sanu, if it is done, then that is one.  What is our name? There is always a meme of Amit Shah ji that if my blood gets spilled, then perhaps one should not spill blood too much, it is not good for health, okay, that too is a different extreme that on everything.  It is okay to spill the beans but there should be opinion and mouth should be opened, there should be no panic, if you don't feel that this is not right then say it in front of the state face, this is democracy, enjoy it, look here, there will be no Singapore in India if we remain here.  There will be no potholes here and pollution will disappear and a paradise will be created which is not going to be created here, there is only one thing to enjoy right now, freedom of speech as long as it is there, it is okay, enjoy as much as you can, if it is okay then yours.  Enjoy, don't force others to do that, it's a mess, but tell the truth, whatever you feel, no, I don't feel like it, no, don't force it, I don't do it, it's not for me, so do n't do this, it's fine with me.  I don't feel alive, if it is not there from inside, then either I say it or I say it or someone else says it. Whoever said that if you are alive, you should look alive, you should be seen, you should feel it, it is not just like that, it is alive. but everywhere What is the use of such a relationship in front of the wife in the office that you cannot open your mouth? The wife will leave and will get angry with the parents, mother-in-law and father-in-law. Nowadays, in front of the children, okay baby, okay son, okay daughter, take ifo, don't be upset, then girlfriend is someone's.  No Shona, no baby, no baby, how did you get angry, convince him, stay clean, friend Vikram Betal, remember what is happening now, how long will the tantrums last, what are you bringing to the table, this is the relationship.  Let the other person also feel a little bit of logic, this guy is right, when you see you will become like this, brothers and sisters, then you will become a consultant, people will pay you to listen to the truth, once a big order will be placed, there will be many people around you, what will they do to you?  You don't have a diploma, this is what I can see, I will tell you, then your personality will become such that people will start knowing you that man, this guy is right, that means look, if you are getting your own wife and  If she asks you how I am looking, then you should have the wisdom to tell her that no, this saree is not suiting you, it is a night party, wear that one, she will love you, she will respect you and she will like that.  Man, it is so good because she is in doubt, she is asking, don't call him, everything is fine, she knows that you, the wife, knows everything, the wife does not make a fool of the wife, the wife knows that the husband is a fool, he is running away, no wife no.  Nobody likes someone who is buying peace, which is called buying peace, every man likes that man, he knows, he knows that he will not force me, if I am not looking fat, it is a very tricky question, no, I am lucky, fat, then you can say this  No, you are looking good, you are looking a little fat, I like fat only, there are many heroines to choose from, you have seen that everyone is South North Worth, every person has his own choice, not everyone has zero size.  I like this, I have to take such examples to tell, I am not trying to shame someone here, I have to tell more examples, tell the truth, tell who feels how, tell the truth, why am I afraid of saying this to my wife, let my husbands see how you look?  Ho has got nothing about how you look to me, how you speak and how you treat me, this is the thing I look at you, the rest is yours.  The body that is yours, even your mirror will tell you how it is. Why are you asking me about it, but how do I feel? When respect for me comes out of your mouth, manners come out, logic comes out, love comes out, then you seem like an angel to me and  Brother, if you speak like that, then you can do whatever you want, why don't you tell me the truth, how is the food, it is a little kheer, take it out from the bottom, do not mix it, this is a good reply rather.  It is good to have one bite, how much has he eaten, how are he eating, he should know what is the fear in giving feedback to people, that is why I am saying Vikram, tell me the moment which Vikram is in his organization or in life, he is earning the maximum boss. Asks, Oh Sir, what kind of preparation have you made, it must be good, this is not Vikram, Sir, I think you have forgotten this, this aspect has been missed, it should be seen like this, I think we need to rule look at.  You will go ahead in the organization too. No one is giving wrong advice or how do you guys feel? First of all write in the comment section, this chatu khor naa, the feeling is good, but if all the chatu khars become sour, then your party would have become that. B then to start from Bombay, to make B to B, there is no one to tell all the chaats, no one to explain, no one to guide, all is good B for Bihar, bridges worth Rs 1700,1700 crores are falling down in Bihar, I don't know. How many have I counted in the last month, maybe it is okay, but money has to be saved in Agniveer, it is not his, no, we did not make it by the Centre, so the State Government made it, so the State Government got the money, which means the Central Government does not give it to destroy it. Nitish ji has such a sweet spot that opposition people don't say anything because they can come to him and BJP people don't say anything because they can go.  This is an amazing point, bridge after bridge is collapsing. Where did Nitish ji come from and with what reason has Nitish ji written his destiny? Look, Palturam ji, it is destiny. Opposition does not open its mouth because you do not know when it will join, so do not criticize them much that tomorrow they will be there. This is the advantage of Nitish ji that he will bat with BJP, he will bat anytime, he will become a bowler, some will become one, but we need someone like Vikram, who can come and tell the public that he likes BJP. Nitish also looks good. Nitish ji also looks good. How many bridges have they demolished? Someone must be responsible. So many bridges have fallen in Bihar. No one cares about how many have fallen, in which district, how many have fallen and for how much. Try multiplying and then say thousands.  We will save crores of Agniveer, the country will become a tycoon by compromising on its security, hey, build less bridges, cross the river, you can't do it, or do n't cross, or hire a taxi, do something.  Every time you demolish a bridge, nothing happens and no one talks or mentions it. It's amazing, it's amazing, there is corruption, there is no moral corruption, these opposition people are becoming big heroes, these days poor BJP people are having a bad time, they are not talking.  If you can open the question, why are you becoming a hero? Why are you not becoming a hero? And why is that Jan Suraj guy also not saying? Whose BT is there, what is there in the AT? Tell me, will you tell the whole thing? How come, it should have been Pul Pul Pul Pul, all the things.  Yay, the whole country is busy in Anant Ambani ji's wedding, bridges are falling there, it has nothing to do with it, you are going to be rich after seeing his Ambani ji's wedding, you are going to subscribe to him and you are trolling and abusing him in the same way.  Collect their data from their phone and give it to the public. Who will come to insult the subscriber? You people, we are all yes, and everywhere else it is fashionable to insult the politician, this is Vikram syndrome.  What I am not able to remain silent is that there is benefit in remaining silent, subscribers will be added, Lari Chappa, talk something, Lari Chappa, talk something, talk against girls, all the people with wisdom, intelligence and consciousness will join, how many four crores are roaming around, crazy idiot.  Boys will definitely make you a Guru. You are very right. Girls are ruined and whoever goes after girls will be like that. Leave the women to the women, wake up your consciousness, do it for yourself Guruji, it is good, daba daba, like, subscribe, knock.  There is no Vikram Betal syndrome in this. Do you know the truth of life? Every real person who is at Guru level knows it. So the only difference between Guru Ghantal and Guru is that he is able to stop the truth from within.  I know there is not much benefit in speaking the truth. There is no benefit in the short term and in the long term. Donkey, I am not too. I am also not a fool. You will get the throne, it is okay, but you will run many times to get the throne.  There will be a patience test between Betal and Ka and then you will have to go and hang Betal from the tree again and he will again say Betal, if you say, you will stop and if you don't, your head will be broken into pieces. Tell me brother, I will speak, otherwise in reality you will feel like you are in pieces.  That's why you get the feeling, that's why this original video is being made. You haven't seen such a video anywhere. It's not a cut, copy paste. My example is there. Do you feel like it's in pieces, if I don't do it?  If you say that your head will break into pieces, then every person wants to save himself that now I have said it, now your head is not going to break into pieces, now this is the truth, are you living this truth in your life or do you feel stressed as soon as you speak?  Only mother, mother will get angry if he says this, wife will get angry, let both of them get angry, then what will happen if no one goes, mother can't go, there is no provision, parents can't separate, isn't there a provision for the wife? Divorce also happens, it is not like that, truth will never cause harm, I am trying to tell you, truth will never cause harm, you will speak the truth, you will always speak the truth, you should always speak the truth, not because it is a good thing according to moral science, not because speaking the truth is beneficial.  It is the responsibility of the speaker as well as the listener, therefore one should always speak the truth, and what is the truth, what is your truth, your truth, every truth can exist differently and it is written in the religion that there can.  Be So Many Truths at the Same Time You Can Live With Yours I Can Live With Mine I Will Speak Mine You Speak Yours We Can Agree to Disagree and We Will Live in Harmony Not Taking a Stand Not Telling This  If this is right or wrong then do n't raise the flag of these people becoming gendered that women are good or only men are good, right? Raise the flags, don't raise the flags of Adalaj, say, Situation is situation to situation, everyone can mess up at a given time and any person, even the worst person, has the capacity to do a lot of good and the best person also has the capacity to do something bad. This  This is how humans operate and we have to speak the truth. If we want to appreciate the truth then I hope there should be applause for it. If you were giving a language speech somewhere for me then it would be okay now.  So, if I am not giving a speech then whoever enjoyed it, libre, liked it, liked it concept wise, then please write, are you feeling Vikram Betaal in your life, then tell me whether you are afraid of Betaal or the Betaal who is speaking.  I just became silent so that my Betal doesn't run away. If you go with the Betal on your head, then he is a ghost, he will not be of any use, he will not change and he too will not get freedom.  It is not going to be of any use, it is not going to be of any use, it will also remain hanging and many people are roaming around with a very restless thinking oh if I have delivered it then my work will be done, it will not happen, you will have to open your mouth open your mouth so I hope all this  I am successful in explaining things to you people very well. Please share and like. These topics are very dear to me. They come from an abstract level. They don't come from  Something which is easily understandable and which is easy you know you can tell and two p two four became G 3 4 became 12 G 12 12 became 144 1990 361 like this is not easy a little abstract thinking of the brain you think this G  I you my videos massage your brain then I am your massage ji masa massage  Whose brain is being massaged? You go to the gym, you make moves in the gym. Okay, so think of it as a mental gym. You come and get a massage. You have to think about whatever part of the brain you are stimulating. Write to him and do n't kill your Vikram. Ok then please share, like and subscribe the channel. Thank you very much.