Hello friends, very good feedback is coming on this channel and I am having a lot of fun making videos on this channel. Even though the subscribers are less, the topics that I am bringing are for batting openly and you are on my face.  You can also see that today I have brought a unique topic, I would like to link both Vishwa Guru and World Cup Final a little. I remain steadfast. You all know that I have no connection with anyone special, on this side or that side, those who have watched many of my videos. which a  When he watches the video, he says, gets stamped that this is the next one, will watch the video again and changes it. Some man is changing colors like Greg, so brother, I don't know which one he is because of all types. I am posting videos. In today's video, we are making a world guru and we are going to become world gurus. Type it is something like like you mostly people who travel by train or have ever done it in your life.  that train big station  But before reaching there, it is on the outer, just like we are standing on the outer of becoming Vishwa Guru, this is the station of Vishwa Guru and here our train is standing on the outer, the bus of India, now he is going to become Vishwa Guru and he is bound to become so.  If we had won the World Cup final, the only thing left would be a little pettiness. There was a lot of pettiness in that stadium and such pettiness does not suit someone who wants to be a world leader. I did not watch the entire match. I do not watch the match. I do not watch cricket at all.  You guys who are old subscribers  You know, I have clearly posted a video on Clarity for Youth, which is a very good video of that World Cup. If you have n't seen it then you guys can watch it and if you have seen it then write in the comment section that you have seen that one on this page.  I want to tell you that if one of your batsmen scores a century against the opposition and the crowd is like whether we call it a good cricket or a good thing, we call it a good cricket or a good thing, you guys know that the opening ceremony was so awkward. When are the crackers being lit, what is happening, you cannot cry so much, friend, the world is watching and most of all, what is coming from us is an arrogance, one is confidence, one is this arrogance without substance, in that arrogance you find many people.  Let's take this away, this time a very unique thing has come and it has been published in many places that for the first time in a World Cup match, there were neutral people who were neither from Australia nor from India, they were there for Australia to win.  Especially the cricket playing countries, they were rooting, meaning they were thinking that by clapping Australia, Australia, arrogance is being shown somewhere through BCCI and that is one of India's thin lines, being assertive, being confident and being arrogant.  These three things are Assertive, Confident and Arrogant. Arrogant is never a positive word. Graciousness is ending very fast and it has a different meaning.  You have renovated that stadium, the last one when India won the World Cup, it was different, the crowd was different, now whatever you see, the ticket rates are coming by paying so much money, do you know what you have done, the ticket price has increased to Rs 50,000 in the plane fare.  They were quoting hotel fares which had become lakhs and lakhs, so the city shined, the city shined, that city where I like it, there are investments in that city, I have lived in that city for many years, I consider myself half of the same place.  I agree  If not completely, it is okay, then quite a bit, my thinking is also from there, okay and I am also half Gujarati, okay, okay, but despite that, despite that, the thought process we are showing and the direction in which we are going. I don't think this suits Vishva Guru in any way. What do you guys say who are my subscribers? You guys write in the comment section where does such a sense of entitlement come from that this is the only entitlement that is there.  That only we will win, we are the best, this person should also come somewhere in the young generation, who has cleared the prelims, then I have to clear the interview and I have to get the IAS and I have to get the IAS. I have to get a home carder, it has to happen with me, so you set up your whole life and make this appointment, this is no way to live, always have the benefit of doubt and for that, it always has to happen.  It is necessary from above that we keep sharing our complete knowledge to the world, do the work, desire the result, the whole time while batting, the desire for the result was happening, the work was not being done, that is the real knowledge of Geeta Ji, Australia has Do they enjoy? Well, in their country, there is no such thing as big, someone stepped on it in the World Cup match, so the world, that has become a very noble thing, what a religious thing it has become, what a trophy the world is, they don't say the world.  At the feet of Rajni Gandha Ad The world does not come at his feet, so he did that Michel Marx, there will be a lot of trouble beyond that and he is doing very wrong thing, he went there and no one came to welcome him and that too, if India had won the World Cup then it would have been half the amount.  India is standing at the airport, it's fine, it's not a big thing for them, it's not a big thing, that's why they win easily, no media person comes there, no cricket comes, I think there's something, not now people will  Release I think Travis Head that day with his century has killed a big part of cricket enthusiasm in India and I am very happy about it if it happens Judge Votes only time will tell but if it does then we waste a lot of time on this match If you want further videos in our country, I will make them. Burnout is happening a lot and in that burnout country, at one place we are getting crushed in work, at another place we are wasting our time.  There is so much contradiction where there is so much work, they are lagging behind in the work and also wasting time. Here, what is called the common public has been made crazy by the Illuminati system in the system, so that they don't know about themselves. Think about it, if you don't ask questions then there is a word called bhalo in Haryana. How many people are there who understand this word, it is kept as bhalo, it is ok to say a little Haryanvi too, you will learn it, follow the channel Guruji Gurugram etc.  From Haryana only. Okay, so tell me, how many people are kept here for good, they keep showing such nonsense about anything, the only care is taken, like when a child cries, we give him something soothing, give him a lollipop. Or some nowadays they come with silicone or something so that the gas coming out from his teeth is like an irritation, give it to suppress like this, let's do the work, for many it is cricket, for some it is discussion on religion, for some  For me, this is a discussion on politics, for someone, these discussions should be done, I am just a discussion on this channel, but in this discussion, there is no detached discussion, you have become like Chhotu Baby, whoever comes and says something in your mouth.  It is also given by you and you start thinking, Oh, there is no one even that small, so this is our conduct from somewhere, whatever is going on right now, according to Vishwa Guru, from somewhere, our conduct is not like this, those are the feelings and now for what reason? What is the justification for emotions?  Brother, it is not at all like a Vishwa Guru, so it is okay to claim what is called Band Bacha, and there is a lot of difference in how the actual result is to be obtained. I am a very popular marital consultant. I do marriage consultation. In weddings, the Band is very loud.  That's got nothing to do with How is the quality of marriage The quality of marriage has got nothing to do with  Do with this what is our focus on Band Baaj Baraat, Band Baaj Baraat has been done, events have been done, grand grand wedding has taken place, meaning that boy is coming from the lift like this, Haad Dhula is coming from the hydraulic lift, the stage is coming like this and the other stage is coming like this.  The tune remains and this is coming, the commentary is going on, the lily flowers were expensive in the entry, O Verma, it is raining from above, they are joining like this, okay, and then 70 lakhs were spent on this event.  Marriage does n't work for 70 days, both the families come and sit in marital consultation. You sit like this, you look at both of them like this, with the same glasses, they do n't understand this. They are sad about the loss of Rs 70 lakh. They are sad about the loss of their children's marriage, brother hydraulic.  If we had reduced the lift, there would be no substance. In our country, the band is busy in the wedding procession, in personal life as well as in that, and those who are at the top, who are running this whole system, do the public know how?  It's fun, organize a great event, it should be in your face, it should be said like this, say such a good fare, that means till now he was looking at the wedding photos because so many photos were taken, within that time there was chaos in the wedding too, Holi meaning 30 40 50  Till now in the day, the clothes that they had given to each other had not even been made, before that they sat here like us, come and say pencil, cancel your marriage, come in that stage, pencil marriage is canceled and till now  Actually, that suit is not stitched, I have not seen the complete photo and till now this is happening in personal life and is happening in public space only and the spread is so much and Vishwa Guru is going to be made somewhere like this, not yet, not yet, very much.  We are far away, we can't decline ourselves so quickly, relief has spread in families, relief has spread in personal life, we are not able to find jobs, we are crying, we are getting burnt out, we want to change the job, oh whose. She is not engaged, she is unhappy, it is understandable that the one who is engaged should be happy, he is also not happy, there is more work, less salary, government servants should be happy, the public all say that government jobs are their own, the private ones are crying.  The businessmen are going on their own business, the businessmen are going on their own, hey, some party should be happy who says that they are looting, they have taken away the loot, are there any robbers who take away the loot and there are no such robbers too?  now you are  Look, why do I feel that this destruction of cricket is going to happen? There are no bookies, there are no bettors, this time there was no betting market, otherwise, every time we used to hear that the rate of the betting market is this, which is n't it?  Used to play, this time they are also disappointed, what a match, what is the match, there was no betting on anyone, there used to be so much noise in every game that it is like when an IPO comes in the share market, Tata Tech's IPO.  as it turned out  In that, the gray market premium is calculated from somewhere at Rs. 50 or even if the share is worth Rs. 00, it will be listed at this much, then the gray market premium is running automatically, the market decides it, then it shows that this IPO is being oversubscribed 3040 times.  There are people and you put them on the de-mat, now I am absolutely sure about those Gujarati cigarettes and all these things, I am not here and the maker is telling you, but I am trying to tell you that it is not there, there is nothing there.  But it will be very difficult to sustain further. Disillusionment is getting disillusioned and it is good when disillusionment with all the things is disillusioned then only people will be disillusioned with themselves. I don't know why people are not disillusioned with themselves. Most of all, be disillusioned with yourself and then your wife and children.  Father, brother, sister, be attached to the family. Apart from these, everything else is being discussed, what will happen to Ukraine, Russia with Putin, Pakistan, China, taught him a lesson, taught him a lesson, we take pride in pettiness, there is a fog ad called 'Hey yours'.  Here I have heard that nothing is happening due to inflation, then he says, there is fog in your place, this is yours, you enjoy it, this is yours, which one am I saying that the Aarti is not done but you got the same by teasing me like this every time?  He is the one who has to be teased by that student who is not getting 20 marks. Out of 100, you are sitting at 70th position. Out of 100, you should talk to the 90th one and you are getting happy by teasing the 20th one because  That self- esteem is good from within, isn't it? You tell me. Those who work in advertising are very creative and intelligent people. They understand the psychology of the people and what they will enjoy. Look at all the ads that come these days, they are based on this. If we are doing all this, then maybe we are very low in the process of evolution, brother Vishva Guru.  No, this is not the case, accept it and they did this to us, we are taking revenge from this, okay this fog of yours is going on, this is revenge, this is revenge due to fog, or the one who is actually powerful, he has to give it to someone.  There is a need to tease, there is a need to tease again, there is a weak person, isn't it, today is my day, so I am teasing you, tomorrow and then he will attack you, or do you want to look forward to such a country and the public and go out like this?  Tax  Now is coming, just like us, we just sit and watch, this is here and this and many people get disappointed and leave the country, wondering where are they trapped in these, now people like us don't want to go and that too.  My video is pending on why one should not go to Dispat La Cartoon Girly Happening Half the Time because what is there in our country, if you go to share this knowledge with the people then they will come back to beat you and abuse you.  What  Yes, it will be fun to do this, there is fun in it because it means that it is fun to rub the neighboring country because he cannot say anything to his parents, he is a rub, he cannot say anything in the office, he cannot say anything to his wife. So it is fun watching this ad, something is going on, the fog itself is going on and even in the fog box, you see the one who hangs up the phone and the other one after him, okay, this is okay, you are being insulted.  is that  There is also a flaw in the ad, you are showing him down and he puts the phone down on your face, after that you are saying, ok, ok, ok, to whom are you telling that he has just put down the phone, you are watching, this is observation.  There is observation of one thing at a time, what is happening in life, we have to go deeper, next time that ad comes, then watch it carefully, he hangs up the phone, then he says to his boss, okay, this is also okay, this is also okay, is it yours? keep the phone  He put it on your mouth, which one did you give to him? What is going on? Whatever is going on, take it from there. Where are we going? What is happening? We do not complete even one item. So many people go beyond that that they  It becomes doubtful whether we got that work done or not. Chandrayaan was completely successful this time. Be quiet, a little graceful, and yes, the world is applauding, take it, it spread like this, and that video of mine was also made earlier in that. inside him  Meaning, you can see anything and sir, did the rest see it or did they leave it, their behavior is not like this, where did they bring it from, who were the people, who had prepared this, then the public is reacting right and the leaders. Speeches were coming from inside him, it is very good, so this we need to come down as a country, it is fine, this much we need to come down as a country, this is what is called a match, because if nothing great is happening in personal life, then every event is like this. Nichod feels like following a film star, his picture becomes a hit, if nothing else, Virat Kohli gets his 50th century, and if nothing else, someone else's child becomes that cricketer's life. Celebrate, at least some good news will come. Hey, see in your life, Vishwa Guru, Vishwa Guru, this is India, India is the people of India, so it has to be so that we are separate from our country, we are the country, all together and we all crazy  Keep doing booze type activities and then who is becoming the world guru, that is, who among us is becoming it? If we want to become one, then we will have to do some Guruji like behavior, otherwise if we want to become the world's guru, then someone becomes less by keeping his name.  Have you made the channel Guruji from Gurugram, have you become Guruji? You will have to do some Guruji-worthy activities, you will have to talk a little, you will have to do some work that requires whipping, it is possible that someone may feel that he should come and tell the truth because  Coming and telling the truth to the country, telling the truth to the people, telling the bitter truth is not an easy thing, no one likes it, even the one who is able to understand, does n't like it every day, that's why I don't even make these videos every day, and very simply.  And I make it with Wang, don't stress about this thing, but next time someone makes a fuss, be it your neighbor, your relative, uncle, uncle, uncle, any relative in your family group who is angry over this.  It happens that they sent a video and you did not show that much anger over it and you did not say that yes uncle, you have forwarded it to 25 people, very yes I agree, this video is like that, a lesson should be taught, everyone should be told like this.  If it should happen, then check the meaning every time because he is running the narrative. The more foolish he is, the more he is running the narrative because it has come into everyone's hands, it has great power, so as long as he says no, there is an English proverb, isn't it?  The Truth by the time The truth was tying its shoelaces The lies had traveled five times the world And the lies had traveled the world five times While the truth was going on To get out And today, after one hour After anything, it  Time fish, useless useless things are hyped up and it seems that we don't know what will happen due to this, the country has wasted 45 days, that is, a Bigg Boss was running on national TV where  There was a cricketer, today it became his century, today it became his, today he got out, today it became his 50th, today it became his, look at the statistics of all the cricketers of India and not just of today, look of the last 15-20 years. Right from Sachin Tendulkar.  Yes great and look at the Australians, they are sitting with six World Cups, their Travis Head is not to be seen every year, one of them comes and leaves after doing something, so it shows about the country, doesn't it?  That here we run after individual specific individual glory, when the country runs after individual glory and sacrifices only the individuals, then that country does not become so great. You become great only when you concentrate on your work, sacrifice it.  There is no point in offering it to you, Idol ji and those who debate so much inside that it is right and that energy has to be conserved and your  You have to work in life and take yourself forward. If your net worth is 50 lakhs total and it is 70 lakhs, then it has increased by 40%. Now that he came in two years, your net worth has increased by 20%. This is yours. He is your direct influence in GD growth and the growth of the country is going on at around 6.6.7 per cent, so if all the people of India think that they have to increase their GDP by 10 per cent then every person.  Imagine, if someone increases it even more than that, the country's GDP will increase by 10%, then it will automatically increase. Focus is on me. This is what I want to tell you through this video: Focus on yourself and these big bands are playing all around, what is life beyond that?  There will be no guarantee in the marriage, like I told you people that there is no guarantee in the marriage that if the band plays so much, the marriage will go well and the marriages that took place during the time of Corona will break up, poor people, only 10 people came.  Only five people had come, Pandit ji had also come sitting in a suit. Photographs had been taken. I couldn't tell who was washed and who was dusty and who was the father of the scumbag. All of them looked the same in those photographs. Those marriages also went well.  So be aware of what is happening thank you very much