The biggest problem with the middle class particular is that we are very very socially conscious of our status, what is my status, as you said, there is pressure on the people who belong to the lower income group or lower class as they are called.  There is no need to do something very excellent like supposing lets, if we take the example of a watchman, if we take the example of a watchman, then if his son  If he becomes a watchman or something above that, then it is a plus for him, it is fine if as we were talking about, he has studied till 5th class, if the son studies 12th and does graduation then it is a big thing, he has achieved something in life but middle class.  What is the problem with class that our parents are educated, they are doing a white collar job, some of their parents are engineers, some are doctors, some are doing some jobs, so what is the burden on you.  The minimum that you have to achieve in life is that your car will start from there, so you have a lot of pressure in a way whether I have to go above this or I have to start from here, I will not go down and start by doing the job of a watchman. One point concept is Mansabdari system. It is very important to understand that in the old times during the time of Mughals, they used to choose that brother, you will become my Mansabdar, you select your tax, five-four horses and army but what.  What ever you will earn in your life time What ever you will do once you go you die now the soul will give that mansabdari to anyone It will not transform to your kid Nepotism will not mean yes, churches will also talk about nepotism sometimes but yes no  If he became very happy then it is a different matter because he was a king, but in today's time, how does it transfer to a lot of people who are struggling?  The children were their parents who were doing this type of job, government job or corporate job. Even if you become the Cabinet Secretary of India, your child cannot become an IAS on the fact that just because my father is Cabinet Secretary, you will have to clear M.  And after clearing it, he will get the same post as before, that of SDM, whatever he gets, ca n't he claim that if I belong to the Cabinet Secretary, then I will be directly appointed as Joint Secretary, so father said that  3040 years of work has got no meaning to the child actually other than that because of that re and salary and money the child was provided education a food and khana and security other than that it is of no consequence where as if I am a lawyer  If Ram Jett Milani ji was a big lawyer then Mahesh Jett Milani hu son din  Start from there Chandrachur ji is CGI, his father was also very big, so he also got the name from where he gets it, datchi because those who don't get it, only they cry if the father will not, now if my youtube2 jam can also push that much If I have a shop, someone opened the shop and says, Shamdi Hatti 186, go to Khan Market, this is the first shop, okay, Shamdi Hatti 186, that is in 186, just now.  2024 is going on, so that shop is definitely running, isn't the one who is running it, his client is the tail, I don't know if Lahore has shifted from there in the old times, then it will be used by the next generation, otherwise, will it be of some tea vendor or someone else?  Give me that shop of yours or not, don't do nepotism, you tell me, first of all, in all the times, a farmer's son becomes a farmer, this is not called nepotism because when ever anything is not very sexy and good in that. Not nepotism, nepotism has to be in politics and it has to be in the film world that these people, hey brother, I am making my child's film with my own money, what is your problem, don't come to see it, no, why are you not giving a chance to others?  Why should I give a chance to others, I will give it to others, I will give it as per my wish, if there is any meaning, it means basic understanding, people do not understand, there is so much nepotism in the middle class, you can Don't believe it because you are saying the same thing, you are saying the opposite, so what is nepotism basically, that someone is not worthy of someone, push him in that direction just because you have the power, this is what nepotism is in simple Hindi, not that you have the power.  You don't have that much intelligence or you got advantage because what ever you took advantage of father, tell me if Shahrukh Khan will teach Suhana Hu is better than him too Teach Right is also sitting with jeans, there is coaching, there is also network and everything, many people say, many people say, man, Suhana Khan has gone in this picture, she was played by Archie or someone, okay, she had children in it, many people, this is nepotism.  Hey brother, that picture was made because one went, otherwise the picture would not have been made and you should be grateful that the picture was made because the person taking the photo was the photographer, the editor, the film maker, that normal man.  It is good for all of them, if there is a wedding worth Rs 1200 crore or a function is held somewhere in Jamnagar, then that ecosystem earns a lot of money. You will tell him, what is this display of wealth? What is this display of wealth? That money was from that family.  Do n't share out of your pocket, you had to distribute it just like that, why just like that? If I paid the flower to the flower seller and paid the cook for cooking, that skill set is the same.  So why was there no free fund, how will productivity increase in Batu country? Then everyone will sit like this, I will keep working and you and I will keep distributing, brother, the one who came and sang the song got the money, the one who installed the lights, the one who drove the car there must have also got it.  He was running it, he too must have got it, there must have been 100 Hajj activities, everyone shared everything, it is easy to call it nepotism because a middle class is stuck in very loose type C jobs. And their children are not getting any benefit from that job and the rest of the children are getting benefit, so that is why you just debate about nepotism or do not allow us to enter, then those who talk about nepotism as king, then brother Chanak Chanakya said Chandragupta.  They broke the Nand dynasty in Magadha and created their own, then their nepotism started and they said that the king's son should become a king, why should you go and kill the king and become a politician's politician? Why should you become one, stand up and win, who has forbidden you, luck was not with you, you were not born in that house and if you don't want to work hard, then things are achieved only by luck and hard work, if there was no luck, then hard work.  do it