Hello friends, through this video I want to make an appeal to the present dispensation authorities, the government, that please do not hurry up the infrastructure projects. We have seen recently that a roof of T One  There is a collab, yes, it is being said in it that Modi ji had ingratiated that one, this one is old and new, the discussion is not about one thing, it is about general things, Ayodhya temple is new, that one is not old, its roof is Atal Setu is also leaking, it was newly constructed and there are cracks there too. If you make a list like this, a list of 25 things has been made, then the main thing is that haste is the devil's work, we did it so hastily that we lost the quality.  We will have to talk, now it has been 10 years, some things have been shown hastily, we will have to talk about them and secondly, it is being said a lot about Rhodes that Nitin Gadkari ji should have been kept here only.  The general public is also a pensioner but I want to question this also. Hey, what are you talking about? This is a good thing. Do an audit of the good thing. Acquiring farmers' land everywhere, building roads everywhere, how much benefit is being gained from it?  There is an advantage in logistics. Manufacturing is not happening anywhere. Roads are being built everywhere. How many are needed? Take a look at the roads that you are building. With what free funds are you building them. Are you charging so much toll tax?  yes  Where should a person go? First of all, he should buy a car. If I want to buy a car worth Rs. 10 lakh, then I have to earn Rs. lakh for it because it will go in my tax. Then even a car worth Rs. 10 lakh has a lot of tax on it. GST is imposed on it. Then I have to pay its road tax, then on top of the road tax, I have to pay insurance, then on top of that I have to pay GST, then I have to pay petrol, I have to pay everything in it too, and then I have to pay toll tax to run it and toll tax is increased everywhere.  you go away  You keep on increasing, if you are doing roads by taking so much toll tax, then the condition of the roads will be so bad that you have forgotten the railways, the railways are getting damaged, there are so many collisions, they are looking like reel ministers and not railway ministers. Our Railway Minister is not a Reel Minister. He goes everywhere and makes reels. He is seen riding a motorcycle without a helmet. If he rides without a helmet, he gets issued a challan. But why was he not wearing a helmet?  When you wear it, you don't recognize that you are the Railway Minister. Why are you crying? Acting, getting out from under the train, having an accident, no conversation, no conversation, now the good strain has derailed inside Prayagraj, there is a shortage of staff, that Railway Board.  It is being said that the locomotives, the pilots who speak, the cars who drive the trains are so few and tired, these news are coming one after the other every day. I feel as if they used to be suppressed earlier or now no one is there.  Vaastu has gone bad, what has happened so much, problem of NEET exam everywhere, that paper leak, this paper leak, no one seems to be in control, some are not talking about the situation, talk about emergency, old, it used to be like this earlier.  Earlier, what used to happen earlier had marginalized those people, so check the same paper of yours, whether it is like it or not, what is the color of his paper, his paper also got 20 marks out of 100. You are also sitting there having failed, now he is not saying his number, so check your paper too, did he just check the paper and made you sit, but you are acting like this and brother, you are so afraid of speaking. First of all, it seems that their trollers will come and tell them something. No, why don't you tell them, because it is not there, they will be told what it is, why is there such a hurry in the inauguration, why are you in such a hurry to cut the ribbon, do you all have to complete the work?  No, cake also takes time. If you take it out too soon, it will become raw. It has to be done in a hurry only in March because code of conduct will be imposed. I have to show that I have done a lot of work. Now I have got five years to do it. Please go and repair it.  Do audit things in a better way and please tell the quality things because it is an embarrassment for our country, Delhi is the capital of our country, a rain came and a thunderbolt, what is below, what is this audit, who is running it, whose responsibility is it for how long?  How long will the government have authority today? I am sure that it can also be linked to Nehru ji that maybe if Nehru ji could have corrected something here then it would have been fine, otherwise the time will not pass by making statements because you will not be able to do anything for 5-10 years.  So you can pass the time, now the paper will be checked every day, it will happen every day, videos will be made every day and every day many people will say, hey hey, what is negative, brother, what is negative if it is the public's tax payer's money.  The Central Government spent Rs 22,000 crore in advertisement money in the last 10 years. They do not have money for Agniveer. Check this figure. I am telling you right, it is not just to brighten one face. Now people do not want to see that face. They are bored. 22000 crores have been given to you by the Central Government, all of you are sitting there as users, all the leaders from top to bottom, whatever you are doing, there is youtube3 for it in the newspaper.  Printing 222000 crores is like giving indirect bribe to Godi Media. Godi Media does not need funding from corporate. It does not need funding from normal advertising. It is given to them directly by the government. Now money is not going to come there either. Godi Media also needs funding.  It is going to seem that I am telling you that no one is watching and no money is going to come from here, so what Godi media people are hearing, brother, even your salary will become doubtful.  Whenever you come, you are the son of the country. Every time I will tell you that we are the people, we are the sons of this country, we are the owners of this country, everyone else is below the Parliament and whatever we have to say, whatever big posts we have in the Constitution, we are the people of India. Now we have to show our talent. Will you show your talent? I will see in the comment section. Now what difference will the comment section make? The country must have changed. Yes, it must have changed. The comment section must have changed. You people are not bots.  You are real people, you are not an IT cell person, if it is known then write genuinely what you people have to say, they put so much tax payer's money in Rs 22000 crore advertisement, we have made that thing that we put it in the advertisement and Cracks appear there and they break. Look at the sight of the Atal Setu. Who has done it because you are not paying attention to the quality? Haste is the devil's work. Easy ripe is sweet. Sir, the people of India have given 15 years of time. 10 years have passed and now a fresh mandate of five years has come. If work had been done properly in many things, then by now much better results would have been seen on education and health.  There is no expenditure. The promise of 6 rupees was made in the manifesto. They are not able to spend even 1 rupee of GDP. Oh no, even the old government has done what has happened to the old government. Do you know the public? Do it, spend it somewhere on education, somewhere on education you can see that those who are supposed to do research are fellow scholars, somewhere independent research is being done, somewhere else there is no money for them, because there, how will you get votes, you will get ration only if you vote.  By paying attention somewhere else, then do not pay attention to those things, the same thing in health sector because money is spent in health and education, effort is spent, the result shows after many years, not immediately, you will do the allocation today.  Why am I telling all these things, why is there relevance of these videos and such videos will be seen in future also because brothers and sisters, the budget is coming on 22nd July, what are your expectations from the budget, what for the middle class or the country?  If it can be improved then please write in the comment section who is responsible for the quality of the infrastructure project and whose is the accountability if the roof has collapsed and one unfortunate person has lost his life in that accident. Who is responsible? Tell the name. The minister immediately reaches there to make a reel but what is the benefit of it. Even if you come, it will be fine if you sit in your office and work, it will also be fine because who is responsible for the investigation from there too. Who is the contractor and when was it built? If things are falling due to rain then the water is not being drained either in the Ram temple or at the airport. The priests of the Ram temple are saying that there is no way for the water to drain out.  What came out  You are saying that this will be built for a thousand years, such a temple will be built, this will be built, it will be built like this, Nipendra Mishra ji is watching directly from the PMO, still this is the condition there, this is the condition there, so are they angry, what is this, what is this, what is happening, the paper is out.  It has been said that no one is of quality, just like that I have attempted all the papers, I have attempted all the questions, but if the answers are colourful, then the marks will be less. What is the use of attempting all the questions? Bridges are falling in Bihar.  Check how many have fallen, who is making it, who is taking the audit, are you in a hurry to make it, don't you make a brother, in India it is better to delay such things, instead of making a thing and breaking it, the whole thing becomes junk.  So brother, a thing of two years should be done in two and a half to three years, but it should be done well. Why is it happening so soon because elections will keep coming again and again, elections are coming in Haryana also in October and Madhya Pradesh, they are also coming in Maharashtra and Maharashtra.  If elections are being held in Haryana Cut the ribbon immediately, why do you have such things here too brother? You could have made it then, you had 5 years time, and if you don't make it then take marks only on the paper you attempted, don't do it wrong, then you will get more negative publicity, right now you are getting negative publicity.  You will have to face this now, where will you run away from this? 1975 Emergency was imposed on 25th June, hence this happened. Or will you link with Nehru ji or will you link with Manmohan Singh? Link with whom.  You will do it brother, with whom will you do it? Who is running the country for the last 10 years? Who will run it for the next 5 years? Why don't the trolls speak? Please write, you who come to troll those who are devotees, give the answer. No brother, give the answer or you are not getting this embarrassment.  So if you come and speak genuinely, we will accept that this is a problem, we are trying, we are also human children, mistakes happen and it is okay. Actually everyone is biological, no one is divine etc. because ever since the day that word has been spoken that I am not biologically divine, it seems to me that some divine power has ascended from above to show who is divine. Because I am also a little astrologer and I work a little in all these things and a little from the day I said that brother, I am not biological, I am not divine, it seems that a  Divine Shakti working in other wise, such relief never spread in such a short time in this country and if it did spread then it was hidden very well. I do n't know, you tell me. This video of June is being shot in June itself. In the month of June itself or in the last 45 days or ever since that word was uttered, see what is happening, how the RSS is scolding differently, first and foremost, we do not need RSS, the elections are over.  Let the elections be over, we do n't need RSS. We lost 15-20 seats in the last phase. In that case, instead of 240, 260 would have been considered respected. Then after breaking Nitish Kumar 's JDO, it would have become 272. He is still in the process of breaking it.  Will we try the mission, will Operation Lotus work? Okay, they will see, we are watching well and it is good if even after doing this, 272 272, by doing these things, I will get these things.  What I don't understand is that with the number of MPs in Parliament, what is happening outside, how can the water falling from the roof be stopped? Yes, the news coming out can definitely be stopped, but now brother, there are so many YouTube4 journalists, every person has a citizen journalist.  There is mobile and technology, what was there earlier, people are not able to understand, now people are reading, they want to watch the video, there is a person in the video, he is speaking, there are youtube1, 200, 500 comments, now this video will also be watched by thousands of people, two thousand people.  We will see and you will also have to say something and you will say, Oh brother, absolutely Guruji, you are speaking very well, you are right, if you have to answer this then there will be someone to read it, this is not our managed IT cell, there are no butts.  This is Godi media, this is not real content, real people, real issues, real things, so please spread this and make it reach people and this is the issue and the last one was 10 times 10 years old, it was easy for what ever reasons.  Now if it is not easy then you have to do a job, it is a job which is given by the public, they get a salary, don't they all get the same salary as the fearsome politicians, ministers, MPs, they don't get the tax payer's money, so just ask the tax payer. Now the budget is going to come in the coming time, you will also get this much pension in the budget, one day become MP, pension is pension, fun is fun, it is like Shubham Gaur's fun, I will have fun once, become MLA once.  MP  It's fun, I take two pensions from Tet too, I take fun from here too, I take fun twice, thrice, I take pension thrice, it's fun, I cut off Agniveer's pension, it's fun, I cut off Agniveer's job, it's fun, farmers  Let me bring fun on the road, let me narrate its story, make it clear to him, on the contrary, it is fun, it is fun, this kind of fun will not work anymore because who will not let you live in fun, brothers and sisters, who are we, you and me? What am I? Write in the comment section. We are the Sovan of India. We mean the people. Sovan means master, we are the master and we treat our servants, be it the chief servant or a very small servant, with respect, not by insulting them like Om Birla. Yes, Deependra says to ji, there is no need to tell me, not like this, he still requests with folded hands, please drive better, you have been made to sit, you get a salary for this.  You don't become this reel minister of work, you become a railway minister, you work less on reels, everyone comes to become your YouTube, leave the work of YouTube to us, do real work, if you do real work, it will be visible in 10 days, 15 days.  In 20 days and nine months, we will clap it. Whenever we see some good work, we will clap it, but brother, whatever inauguration you did, the one below Pragati Maidan stays there everywhere.  The problem is that nothing was executed properly and if you follow them too much then they will throw you back and answer that you and I were saying that it will take six more months, you were in a hurry, hence you cannot even crack down on anyone because they  Maybe after turning around, show the documentation or show something else that pressure was put on me, otherwise do this everywhere, does Kejriwal ji know how to take action? If others don't, then do it friend. BJP will have to change, may God forbid BJP rule for 500 years, may God bless it for 500 years in the next year, but performance will have to be shown, it is not possible that the work will be done by just praying or will the performance be done by force.  You will have to rule for 500 years, rule for 5000 years, there is no problem, now they say that this mehendi has not even been removed, it is visible that they have just come after voting for him.  It takes 100 days to get out, right? It's been 30 days now, at least keep this in mind, as long as it's still a fresh matter, where has that 100 day plan gone, what are you doing with 150 days? We are sitting here, the menu card will come, 10 years from now, what do we say, the starter was the main course, so the main course is about to come, the public is waiting for the show, something good is about to come, they will clap, ok.  If it doesn't happen, we will tell about it. Okay, and we will discuss about what can be good. Whoever comes to power, it will remain like this for him. We will not become fans. Even if he becomes very great, we will only clap. We will not become devotees of humans.  One should not become a devotee, to become a devotee, we have many Gods and East in our Sanatan, we will remain devotees of them, do not become devotees of humans, that is the message, thank you very much, like the channel, subscribe and please share.  Take it and also tell us your opinion. What is your opinion in this? Thank you very much.