Hello friends, this is a very positive video impacting the society, you have to share it on your groups, on family groups, What Indian men can learn from Virat Kohli, here I am addressing those men who are not married or will be married.  You have not had a child or are about to have a child and even if you have crossed the stage, you will still enjoy it. If you are older in age, it will be useful for your children, but there is a need to spread it in groups and in the society.  Let's start this video according to me, Virat ji has been blessed with the baby boy on 15th February, I believe Anushka ji means baby boy has been delivered, what we should learn and what I want to tell the youth C Virat Kohli is a very busy cricketer, he is a top cricketer, informed cricketer, test match series was going on, he chose to be with his wife, here men do not understand. I especially know North India very well but this disease is spread all over India. People take too much of pride. I have heard from my own ears that brother, we were wife's delivery and still we are working. Nothing could be more stupid and shocking than this. If you who are listening to me, you were not with her at the time of your wife's delivery, before a few days on the day and a few days later, your old age is going to get worse. It is 100% that the woman will keep it here. It is the worst red flag in the relationship. It is the worst thing a man can do. No matter how useless a man is, if he is arriving on the day of delivery, is it okay or is he arriving after it and then  Don't run anywhere the next day. Everyone gets a break in the society. If they don't provide buses, in fact they would have given everything. Many people are not ready to take that leave. Many people are ready to run away from men's responsibilities. They feel that they don't know what they will have to do.  Hey, you don't have to do anything, you just stay there physically with that lady because her stomach gets cut these days, if you use the word, she comes out like Bhasmasur, so many stitches are required, this is the only operation which is done.  After that, the sweets increase in the hospital, otherwise see some operation in which the sweets are increased. I am not saying that the sweets should not increase, but see how many come in the lady's sirion and how much is her struggle.  Hey, it used to happen earlier also, this much was done, if this was done then look at the old women whose husbands had such a casual attitude. Check how their old age is passing these days. Check the men in their 60s and 70s.  If you are a youngster then ask your grandfathers and if you are a little young then ask your father that the relationship between parents, the relationship between a lady and a man is completely unstable, so when Virat Kohli Bhai has been able to take leave, then all of you can.  So that is what my message is, you are not doing something so great, okay and don't take pride because the child you have has only one father in the cricket team, you do n't know how many players will come, what will come to your office.  Whatever it is, you are not running that office, you feel like you are running that office but you are not running that office, great work can be done without you, so we have to be free from this pressure in the society.  Do n't take too much pride in it. The system has come out even after taking paternity leave. It has come out in the government also but it should be there in private also and it should be taken by one's own rights. Today, brothers and sisters, how many children are you producing, if you cross the limit then two or three is not enough.  It is okay these days, if someone else has twins, then it is a different matter. On the other hand, if you are fat, then you are giving birth to only one child, most of the people are there, and half of you are those who have the part of conscience, wisdom and consciousness, then they are not having even one.  If you are not even married, then you are not having that many children. You cannot take leave, that is, you should take a minimum of 152 days. The woman gets mental support. It looks to her that yes, what should I say? I am not alone, I am doing this, yes.  This one is also seen standing, at least it is nothing but my struggle, he is seeing it because he is the struggle of a husband-wife relationship, that is your story, life is nothing else, which song is yours?  Lata ji has nothing, the hero in my story was missing because you are the hero of your story, no, I got trapped there, I was doing like this, I was doing like this, the one who is standing at the border to serve the country, he should also Everyone gets leave, everyone gives everything for the child, if there is a war going on and the country is at stake and you are defending, then even your wife will forgive the world, then there is no problem for everyone, then you have to become that Mathura Das.  I am not talking about the border picture, you are fine, but there should be a war with Mathura Das and then you should also be on the border. Okay, so those people are the rarest of the rarest, meaning there is a war in the last 70 years. How many days have passed, count it, okay, everyone has got leave there too, it is available everywhere, there are many people who are unemployed men, who run away from this responsibility, saying, ' My meat is mine, my meat is there, mine is there' from job  If there is such a job from which you cannot take leave of one week or 10 days at the time of having a child, then that job is a disgrace, leave it as it is, there is no need to do a job which you cannot do when you have a child, no matter how much technology has come.  No matter how much happens, delivery is considered the second birth of a woman. Yes, a lot of safety and security and all that has come, but still delivery is a very big thing. Life is coming into your life, it is a bigger event than your marriage, it is yours.  There would be three or four events even from the job.  There may be many jobs in life, it is okay that marriages also happen, you know how it is nowadays, but brother, the birth of a child has to be cherished by the society and there should not be a missing father in it, that father has to be there, Virat Kohli has set a  Very good example in this we should because it is saying that should we look at the other things, okay if they do something wrong then the celebrity should also follow, okay they come right  The three from Juba Kesari are fine, so they see all that, they influence so much, but these are the subtle things, these are the subtle things, these things also have to be caught, have to be followed or seen, the next one took leave, the test matches will keep coming, friend, 100 kings.  It's okay, 500 runs less will be scored, what difference does it make at the time of retirement and he will become fit, he will remember the wife and the child will remember that moment, not that repeat.  Can do for a father 99 But when ever the baby happens, first of all he comes out in father's lap, that is a movement of the British to cherish, so come on and funda, that is delivery and that we see in movies, come on, I am so short  I don't ask to put it in because half the people will faint while watching the delivery and in our country these days there are more seizures, I don't know why there are more of them, so there is no need to go there, but when the baby comes for the first time,  The father should be late to the family member, it is okay, he should be missing, who is shooting the arrow in the pumpkin, what will it do, what will it uproot, what will it reach, anyway, it is a struggle throughout life, he will also miss his birthdays sometimes.  It may happen somewhere because father cannot do everything. Father has to earn money. I know father may not be able to witness everything. For the first time he is speaking, for the first time he is walking or for the first time.  If the child is doing anything then it is possible that the father may miss it all. Ideally, one should try not to miss it, but then you cannot catch all the things in life, but at least you can catch the birth of the due date of delivery.  The idea is that everyone can take leave before that and availability can be done, it is a matter of 510 days, plus caesarean are going on at 90, my core audience in big cities is fine, so according to me, it is fine.  This is something which society needs to discuss. How did you like the video? Like, share and subscribe the channel. I will keep bringing such things. Thank you.