Hello friends, we will discuss episode 3 Gadar movie, Gadar 2, what is the success of Gadar, you tell us about the task, we will discuss it, it is a good movie, okay, it is our entertainment, what is there to discuss, it is very important to discuss, the one who is a politician, he is very careful, I have seen.  I have also seen it and you also have to watch from further, my audience will know which movies are doing well and where they are doing well, who is watching, what is the reaction of Gadar now.  So close to Rs 250 crores has been made, the money will go further soon, how much will it earn, maybe if it reaches Rs 300 crores, then it has become a super hit picture, those who have done it well, they are not telling, there are many like Sunny Paji's, so more later.  The role used to come and go, but there is more going on in the factory generation steel and small lions, like if you see when the numbers of the film industry go, then there are different things in it, they have their territories and that. Territories are not spoken according to status, they speak differently, what do they say, you have to write, meaning you will say something, it has a different name and our Delhi circuit is different, I don't think so it is anything in South whereas the movies of South are so  Here, money is a work thing, you know South India is not seeing it at all, they have no zinc vision, it is still there within 20-203, now you see that hand pump story and this little story and us. Let's see, today we are still getting the taste of 'n country' that if one world is one class and there are 200 children in the class, then it is okay if you put 200 countries, there will be 204, but if you put 200 then there are 200 children, now we have any standing in it.  Today in 2023, we are still competing with the child in different parameters and the child is failing and is becoming very happy by showing it to me again and again. Got a higher number than you, scored more runs than you, you have to make a movie, show you a confirmed station, you have to show bloodshed, you have to show emotions, how will the movie be made, why did that happen, where, how did it happen, our brother Shahid, and many others are our own. Weller also showed very good work, this is just a fictitious story that even now people have gone there, Sunny ji goes there, you don't come to the Parliament as much as the people of Pakistan, their relief, the effect of life.  No one questions but we take it as nationalism. ₹ 300 were given to Chillam Chilli for Chillam Chilli, Chillam Chilli is sunny and nationalism is done today, this year's quota is over, which one will come next year, she will come on 26th January, make it over Balakot. Friends, the atmosphere should be created for the fighter picture, once Babu gives it somehow, then don't be stupid enough to make such noise that if it is necessary, give it, tell me first, yes.  We will give you health and education. Why don't you ask? Talk about everything, this will happen, this will happen, this will happen, the syllabus of education will change someday, our system will be overhauled, no committee is even thinking of changing education.  That committee is sitting, make a change here, make a change there, make a little change like this, it is the whole overall system, it is definitely an education system, why is it not discussed, why does no one discuss it?  Why doesn't nationalism become nationalism by holding a good job and earning good money for good work and paying good taxes? Gadar, you still showed us like this and it is not a matter of great happiness that so many people are getting excited by this thing. Someone else?  The picture would have been full of entertainment, it would have been different and Rocky Rani, there is no nationalism in it, it would have been understandable in it too, we are seeing the changes taking place in the society, Karan Johar's picture which was once happy, sad and family has now become family.  Jai Bachchan ji, she is controlling me like this and she has always been there for me. Controlling gender parents, atheist parents, those who sleep with their elders, that thing is very welcome, this is the fun, yes again we have made Pakistan like this, it is a lot of fun.  Next year we will meet again on 15th August, again by doing something like this, now I had told this last time too on a different channel, otherwise, who is telling Pakistan to love, is indifference a thing too, is power, hatred is the opposite of love.  when does anyone hate  If there is a cloud in love, if love is in hatred, then there is relief. Indifference is the same today. Today is the country of India of 2023. They should be you. Why are you fussing over the match? The one who is defeated and has no energy, and has no time. And there is no point in watching or understanding anything less. Let the picture remain a picture. Emotions are there only. That's what is being said. The politician is the only one who is seeing, brother, which emotion is that and how he has to play his game.  Everything is being watched, which game will be played for which audience, what do you think, IT cells have been formed for all these, trends are being monitored, discussions are being made accordingly, everything will be decided only by us, the public.  Will the public decide? Poor general public, you cannot decide anything, everything is decided by you. I tell you this as I do not give consultation now, no, I used to give it to mothers who used to be worried and used to say at some time.  Child Mine is not drinking milk, you must have also seen it, those who are mothers and those who have children, you must have seen that many times small children do not drink milk, so what is your method for that? If you have to feed him milk, then at the time of feeding you go ahead of him. Keep two cups, one made of red Mickey Mouse type and one of that and some other download but Necessarily, this is not here, so you are feeling that you will disassemble, you cannot disassemble anything sir, everything gets disassembled.  from you and this  Regarding all the things, like we are consultants like us, whose mind has gone, here too there is consultation, there too there is consultation, now we are explaining the batting from both the sides, now now you are also being told that it is free here, brother, it is not like that.  You are being decided, what is being done, it is an environment, Allah, every faction will make every effort to build the setting from their side, in the future you will see more movies will come, now Veer Savarkar will come.  Then keep discussing about it, who was fine, good, very good, great fight, made amazing, Inception is this D world, you can do whatever you want in life, but whatever you want in life, you cannot do this. What would be the word offered? You are made to like something, what you like and want in you, good but you can't want and sorry, you can't desire what you want, you desire. Do you understand the confusion? If you are facing a lot of confusion, then you can drop off the third episode, it is not necessary from the channel, here it is taking the right brain of the person to a higher level, now he enjoys learning and understanding more.  Because if we become so intelligent then what will we do, what will the politicians do? Otherwise, they are very worried when the public actually tweets like a servant, but till now they do not do so, because till the time a servant asks for votes, he has understood that he has to ask for such a thing. Becoming a Politician and Being One Ise Note in Easy Think Subscribe on YouTube One has to beg for the bus 171800 ₹ 5000 Aise Bada Do Bada Do, I am still asking, brothers and sisters, please subscribe and Bada Do, it takes a lot of time to ask, why would I ask for attitude?  If I don't ask for it, I don't get it. At night, when the child is sleeping, the mother does not wake him up and feed him milk. She gives him milk even after having bread.  If you have n't listened then it's good that if you are crying then you will have to turn away, then go and drink milk, mother, now this is the strength of a politician, so interesting things will come to you in an interesting way, keep enjoying the episode, thank you very much.