Hello friends, this is not a very deep analysis, it is a superficial analysis, tell me how much you agree with it, but as a general direction I will tell you, after the budget comes, these things will become very clear to people like you, but right now I want to discuss that the financial policy of the  I want to discuss about the government that we can do this because the same ministers are there, the same government which has been there for the last 10 years, so a simple observation in this is this, this is mine, you tell me whether it is yours or not, you agree or disagree with it This government, my audience is the middle class, so I will tell you what affects the middle class. This government talks a lot about doing a lot for the poor but doesn't do it, so in a way it is good for the middle class. That all the money was not invested in the poor, but what is it that the middle class is not getting any direct benefit? This is also a fact that the poor know that nothing great is happening for them, it is visible in the votes of those 42 crore people who cast their votes.  People voted for this government  They did not vote for the BJP party. 22 crore people did not vote for it. 42 crore people did not vote for it. There are a lot of poor people in India, so their number did not come much. It has remained mostly an urban party and the urban middle class.  It is crazy that the rich are definitely benefiting. What happens when the rich benefit is that the middle class does not benefit. But if the poor benefit, then the middle class can benefit because the middle class invests money in the share market.  The middle class invests in mutual funds, the middle class invests in all these things, the middle class which is the Shany middle class benefits from the actual income of the poor, the assets which are sitting in the default setting are sitting on rent, are sitting on rental properties  Because when the children of poor people, even the poor class, do well, then they come to the cities and live in homes, so the oppressive effect that comes from the bottom of the pyramid, tragedies come up and this happens very easily but its pace slows down.  If it is there then what happens to 5 kg rice, that 5 kg grain You have given it to them, you have given it to them, what does it matter to them, then they are not that hungry to come to the city and work hard, so I feel that in this way of providing employment, are we giving it to them for free, are we giving it for free grains and the funny thing is that how much would 5 kg of grains cost, you tell me, 50 Rs 00, 50 Rs per kg grain is being given free and the stove to cook it costs more than 000 Rs so the person who can afford the stove  yes brother it is 1100 then take that food grains also because you are giving food grains to 80 crore people it should be that in tribal areas those who are cooking on wood and still don't have cylinders they should get food grains but everyone should get food grains  If you are getting the grain, if you are giving it, then if you reduce the rate of the cylinder by Rs. 100 then there is no need to give the grain, the grain is rotting anyway, you have to buy the grain at MSP, so this is a huge mess in the policies.  and to fix it  There is a need for this and its solution is not like there is a lot of opposition, it will have to be done sitting together because what they say is that they are giving five, we will give 10, this is their formula, let's do it into two, so if something is getting ruined  So you are talking about the choice cap of the opposition, then you are blaming the opposition as well, then what is the problem, if you say something to the ruling party then it seems that you are an opposition man, hey, look at the opposition as well, they have  Those who are saying that they are ready to do all this, it means someone is going haywire, what is ruining the boat, if they ruin the boat then they will ruin it greatly, then those are the policies of the opposition because you tell me friend, if everyone wants to eat, everyone should eat  If you will get it like this then the people who are working are fools, aren't they? There is wealth in contentment, it is the ultimate wealth. Stories like this are also told. Many times there is ultimate wealth in contentment, here you can get 5 kg like this.  I went home and found him, he found the card  If that is achieved, then these policies are questionable and will have to be done. The wealth is actually coming into the hands of a few people and wherever it is coming, the parties with 10 to 100 crores at the middle level are running away from the country.  If it is there then it does not look like wealth anywhere. It means that you are understanding that India is growing but Indians are not growing because the government will give you the GDP figure of 8.3 but you are feeling 8.3. Check this in your life, there is a simple way of doing this.  I will tell you people to check their policies, you should make your net worth, what is your net worth, all your assets minus the liabilities, okay, bank FD, demat, property, some people say don't believe in the house you live in, but  That is mostly for your personal finance, you can also consider your house, right, where you live, whatever your net worth is, say, if it is ₹1, will it become 9 next year, brothers and sisters, or will it become 105, this is the question, if inflation Seven  and it is not 107 then you are becoming poor, if it becomes 108 then you are some wait late, your growth is not very great, you have to understand this and the average growth which is happening in % and yours is not even 8 then you are below average  If you also look at this, there is a lot of need in policies for this government to pull up its socks. I hope they do something like this in the budget because this allocation, that allocation, basically I am not questioning this, I am not questioning the intentions of this government. I say that all governments have good intentions. I also say that there is no talent, there is lack of ideas and there are no intellectuals who can come and tell them to do this because everything has a spillover effect and higher order effect.  It happens if you don't check it, do n't give it food, that is also not a solution, even if you give it, there is no benefit, so these governors are not that easy and the effects are not visible as such and no great policy is visible, if the same policy  curry out  If you did not implement this policy out of the box, then the problem is that you are creating assistance for 3 crore people in housing in a place where there are no jobs. If you built houses for them and provided food there, then they will not go anywhere else. You have to look after the house, he will not go anywhere, you built a house for him there and gave him 5 kg rice or he will be very happy and then you are saying that our growth is not happening, so you have to take a  I can give a suggestion as to where to make the call, which I see, the government is not taking care of the urban poor, the poor in big cities, again it is the politics of vote bank, they did not get any seat in Mumbai area but in Delhi  I have come a lot but the politics that Aam Admi Party takes in Delhi is not suiting me. Otherwise, whatever you think of me as, I am from my heart. I am not saying that I am a great economist but I am a very practical person and you can understand my point.  If you understand then tell me about one of our brothers who left the village  Whoever comes to a big city should be taken care of or the one who is lying there enjoying himself, doing nothing, in every city, houses are built there, ration comes there, if you take care of the urban poor who is coming by taking his own risk to work  He is facing the hygiene conditions of his house, there is no system for the poor in urban housing, what kind of conditions do they live in, the situation in Delhi is very bad, Gurgaon is a little different city, there are no slums there, something else lives there  We have our own people here, but taking the example of Delhi and Mumbai, the people are stuck in slums. If the government brings a special scheme for them this time, they will take care of so many urban poor. See, the channel is small but someone or the other catches the idea. People see, make your own idea and celebrate it, do something for the urban poor who live in the top 50 cities of India and see how this person will also consume, the villager is not consuming anything, he goes to sleep with his own people  Ration is here, don't tell everyone like this  No, everybody never becomes anything but if you help the urban poor, help them in their studies, give them some incentives, the spillover effect in consumption will be better. This is the message, how did you like the idea, do let me know and share this thing that India's top 50  There are 100 cities, grab 100 cities, have special schemes for their urban poor, only for the urban poor across India, all this rural rural rural rural rule has been done for the vote bank, that now you BJP people will not even get votes, please the city people  They have voted for you, hold on to that vote bank. I am giving you an idea for the next 10 years of politics. This is your core vote bank. Take care of them as well. The middle class in every city is not crazy about you, they as well.  You will make me crazy, you will sweep, do not keep these, it will very quickly return the Rs. 00 investment you make on these by increasing it to Rs. 200 and give it to you very soon by increasing it to Rs. 200, so whatever you are doing there keep doing it, but don't do it too much, not this  That more location has been given there and the location which is running in the scheme, let it continue but bring a scheme here, tell me what kind of idea you people like and when these people will benefit, the middle class will benefit, this is what I am sure to say  It will be 100% possible, I will tell you how to do it, like and subscribe the channel, thank you very much