Hello friends, what smart politicians learn from Churchland, they can never imagine that playing out was so easy and what was it that the person who was in bad condition of Britain, you know that Hitler was winning everywhere, so Battle of Britain took place and England was saved from it.  It came out okay and won but the British defeated the Prime Minister who won the war. The British have a lot of brains. At that time he was the athlete for sure. Okay, they chose another Prime Minister.  He did what he felt that Churchill was a very good war time Prime Minister but then now the war is over now there is no danger now there is no such issue now we have to rebuild now this has to be done so he changed  OP because politicians learn from politicians, common man cannot learn from politicians because politicians are smart, they too must have some syllabus, someone must be teaching them, they too must have some party. Ideology and discussion must have been off course, that is not in school and not in college. People all over the world have learned about these things. In India, people have learned that danger is never far away. This is the message. If people think of you as one type, then if you  Said that yes, now there is no need and the fact is that now this world over is getting conflated in every way, this has been done there, this has been done there, due to globalization, now we are going into our local type, what used to be before.  One  Country used to meet with 10 people in a way, now everyone has their own relationships like in schools, colleges or anywhere, there is no 'my friend, this is my friend, that' thing, now it is not like this that there is no account of the group, I, we, this and this.  And according to the group, we will gather and we will be 10 friends and 10 will go to party, so it is individual, whether we drank samosas with him, ate cigarette with him, smoked a movie with him, went to watch a movie with him, I am telling you something very deep.  You people will enjoy understanding the geopolitical things, you will also enjoy understanding the political things and as a voter, you will also know what to do, so you have to see one thing and I want to tell you, you guys should also tell us about that in the next six months. Even at personal level in the country, people are uncertain that the result of the election will not come till uncertainties because we think, I too think and you also think that it is settled, brother, what is the result going to be, it seems that yes, it will be the same.  It will come, but despite that, uncertainties are creeping in your life. Which career do you have to choose? You have to buy a plot flat, you have to invest, you have to put it in the share market, you have to take something out, you have to do something, there are uncertainties in your life, elections should happen.  Then I will decide even though it has nothing to do with this thing. If something is happening in your identification life then it is anxiety but in such an environment of the country there is anxiety that what is this?  There will be so much anxiety, like India will win the World Cup or will it not win or something like that, there is not so much anxiety in that because it is an event, it will happen in a week, it is okay, it will win, it will not win, it remains to be seen, okay, then who will come?  It is like Kumbh Mela, it will come in 12 years. It will come in three, three, four years. Okay, then the story will come. Okay, but this is happening in the elections because what they always say is that when Shikanji is made, if you have seen lemon.  Water is mixed in it like this, it rotates round and round, water rotates like this, it is okay and it is getting mixed, lemon and that, you add sugar too, like this, if that thing is not stopped and that  If this continues then if they are its particles then they will never get peace, sometimes at some stage then keep it and because that water is always said that if you take water like this then you should not drink it immediately. Anyway, I am telling you about health.  say it or whatever Call it astrology or whatever you want brother, when you do water then keep it quietly and it will calm down like this after some time, then pour it and then drink your Shikanji, it is fine but no one should rotate it.  Keep rotating like this, it will keep rotating and if you believe that it is inside it, then someone has taken this spoon, someone or many people have taken it, that spoon never lets you stop and keeps you saturated in life. How to keep it saturated  You have a timeline, even if the video gets a little long, then understand what they are understanding and what these politicians have learned. Look, my topic was something else, I am taking it here beautifully, this is so that not many people come after seeing the topic.  It's not about making these videos viral, it's about engaging the person who is of intellectual and intellectual level, because what happens when the opposition in the country becomes very weak and not because it does n't create an uproar.  There is no noise, they are making noise, but there is no strength, there is no logic, there is no logic, there is no brain, so the intellectuals have to rise up and it has always been across the world, I am an intellectual, I want the intellectuals to come here with me too. Such people will rip, tear, destroy, it is useless, why is he talking about your bread, clothes, house, if you are not sorted out in life then you are not worthy of becoming an intellectual, now you tell people that you are classist, this is us poor people. No, if you are poor then please, I did not say this earlier but I have to say this because I have seen many times that if you are poor then it is not there because now if you are poor then give you something and give you something in the thought process.  It can be done, you will not be able to engage here, I am not only for the rich people, no, I am not even for the rich, but the one who has risen a little from the poverty line, has food, clothes and a house, he has his own and he does not have to depend on me. someone give me a job and do something like this This is a channel for those people who do that, otherwise what point of view, feeling, whatever thing I want to discuss with you, now we are talking which can be discussed with a very full stomach, it is proposed to talk about big things. These are big things, that is, if someone is not satisfied now and why would he participate in the stock, then the only message is that you should understand that I am telling you the method on social media, you have limited time in life, you have to give these so called facts.  and so much from things  These people will saturate you that you don't have any way to verify it and that happens a lot; there is an emphasis on verifying the truth to an extent; even in the Parliament, things can be said as if they are true but not the whole truth. Like Ashwathama died and if he was not a man then he was an elephant and if he was not a man then he was a horse and if he shot an arrow then he was a man and not an elephant. This statement was correct. Someone also says Air Force.  Did you ever go to the East and do this, your Air Force dropped bombs, it was not told that the militants had captured Air Force officers, that was your system, that was to show that this statement was given to show that it is not a man but an elephant, but it was not told.  But who will check that this is true? Yes, even if you do it, it will come out, but reading that article and researching what the circumstances were, then whenever old things are talked about and something about them is said, it is a fact, it is a fact.  It is a fact only then you see that in my across the channels facts do not tell anything. Talk about facts. Facts are nothing. Look at the trends. Look at the sentiments. Look at the facts. In the pursuit of facts, you are fooled by the facts only because when you have no  Such a thing should be started on this thing which is a fact and then a story should be told beyond that that since this is true then this is implicit whereas the  The actual crux of the matter is that this and this are not linked as they say cause and causality. One fact is that the sun rises. The second fact is that the [ __ ] also crows. The third thing is that the [ __ ] crows when the sun rises. But  There is actually no connection between the cock's cuckoo and the sun rising. If the [ __ ] forgets to cuckoo and falls asleep, the sun will still rise, but every time this  This thing is happening in the real place ok this sun is rising every day and murga is doing cookdu someone it and making videos and doing fact check and every 30 days this thing is happening is this case ko to aap shuri bol doge because this is very common sense  Yes, this is very common sense, you will also say, yes Guruji, you are right about the chicken and its relation.  No, but many such things are happening in which you are not able to catch this thing and to catch this thing requires time, energy, effort and no one is required to tell this story and one person is sitting at the computer and gets salary of Rs. 1.5 lakh.  Now if someone becomes a person who keeps telling all this then he will say that this is not a fact, you are true to it, you say this, if this is anything that no one can stand against it, then you align yourself with it.  add up  So if you add this to this, then now this is called something, that is, this is called something and this cannot be called anything because it is a fact and you silently joined here, you took ownership, so here I would like to say that it is very old.  Kavat hai Nand is not Magadh Nand is not Magadh Why did you say it Who said it When did you say it How did you say it And you work a little hard This is a channel with hard work This is a channel with higher order thinking If you understand even in this much then it's good Even if you don't understand then it's good  Google it and you will understand it. If you don't understand anything at all then you are on the wrong channel. You do n't have to waste your time coming here again. If you understand something then this channel and these things are for those who do higher thinking. Higher order thinking is not that this is happening but what is happening by this happening is that higher order thinking is this is happening now this is happening and this is happening now this is happening and this is happening now and this is happening and  who are very smart Those who want to get this done, do this, do the butterfly effect also, if you want to get this done, then if you want to get this done, do something directly, then don't make any noise, then it will be done, now by doing this, this will happen, by doing this, this will happen, by doing this, this will happen  It will happen and then ultimately this will happen, so many steps have been put in it that the normal person who is at 99.9, the intellectual and intelligent person, the thinking individual is less, it cannot be more and there is no time.  Because the person who has to pay for the food and clothes in the house, who has to go to the job for two hours, all these things, then there is a need to pause in life to think about it, as if you are sitting in the comfort of your own home wearing a tie and not having to go anywhere or come back.  He has time to do all this, he doesn't want to impress anyone, he will keep talking about depression, he will keep talking about food, he will keep talking about job, he will keep talking about religion, he will keep talking about reservation and this one, now this leader should be arrested.  If he goes then the government will run from jail to him Or we have taken the contract from outside to drive you from wherever you want. If you can drive, then drive whatever has already been done. Forced engagement has already been done and is being done, so this is what you have to see and do not get trapped.  No, if you want to become an intellectual, now you tell me, what will be the biggest benefit as the number of intellectuals increases, every person like me, through our medium, I also have some 17,18,000 subscribers. 10, 15, 20 thousand people can definitely see that it is possible to move ahead and if we see, then these numbers of thinking individuals will keep increasing and if we have to take the country forward then we have to think ourselves, brother, are we being suggested or are you understanding?  That brother, you think only this, this is the syllabus, every time I come, I do something inside you, you do, you think, you see, you tell, you tell me, then this is the thought process when you look at what is shown in the media and is being told.  Because newspapers can lie, social media can lie, news agencies can lie, something is going on everywhere, the reality is something else and it will be known only when you first stop listening to them and see what the story is and yourself.  You will think and question yourself, otherwise he is the forward of the university, that is your truth, this happened or did not happen, this is not done like this, this is not done, why did it happen, how did it happen, when did it happen, where was it done, and there is also how, one, many things happen. What is that, let me tell you one more good thing, everything like how do I show you something, okay this is the background or it is white, okay so this is context capture text, you are understanding now this is a little clarity visible in this.  Now you can see the fingers of the hand, it is looking a little better, according to me, now if I do it like this, then something else is visible, so this background is context compatible, but by changing this, the thing changes, you understand.  At that time, you used to call me your wife, in the old fights, you did like this, she did like this, you did that, what was the time, what was the reason, what was the reason at that time, maybe we were poor, maybe it was to save money, so M, it was not this.  To make you feel bad, now that we have become rich, we don't think like this anymore, so it is not that we humans have become better and at that time humans were bad, at that time the circumstances were like this, now the circumstances are like this, now people have become like that.  Contact has been made, but it is important to tell this thing selectively. I repeatedly say that in our country, making a fresh idiot is much easier than convincing that yes, I am an idiot or I have become an idiot, no, you will not believe it, no matter how much you explain it, see your You are being made a fool, you have become a fool, if you do n't agree, then what is the easy task when you don't agree? Making a fresh fool is easy when it is the first to make a fresh fool.  The thing is also remunerative, meaning there is money in it because what would happen if I tell you AS Guruji, I am a great man in my life and I prove to you that brother, you are an idiot and yours was created and not now.  It is being prepared for many days and this thing will prove to you but you will get a bitter taste that you will not like me next time because whenever this comes, he declares me a fool and goes away, brother.  That guy is good, this is a truth of life, any man will tell you the truth and the truth will seem bitter and no matter how much bitter thing a person eats, many people write in the comments that Guruji is very right, it is bitter but it is the truth and once it feels like this. Yes brother, it is fine, but he will not come again and again. He will come every time. Every time he will have to eat bitter food, he will feel like eating sweet pills too. There are more people who give sweet pills and there are more people who want sweet pills. It is bitter, but it is neem or bitter gourd, these things improve health by improving blood and eating too much sweet, you know it leads to diabetes, but you still get diabetes and then after  Then we go to eat that now it has happened, so if somehow we can control it, then we do this, brother, look a little in advance, this is the message at the thinking level, now people ask me, what is the M of your channel because now till which  If you have seen so many videos then I have not been able to express my love for any party as an idol of mine. The one who is boarding an individual bus says that you are this, you are this, my change happens on every video which one.  This shows it self shows that I do not have any affiliation with any party and if you watch some videos completely then the party's attitude changes in itself, sometimes they say this, sometimes they say this, that shows that.  My work here is not to promote any particular party, it is not to promote any particular ideology, it is important to tell my M here and it is important to tell it at the end because for those people who are watching the video till here, only that is my work.  The audience is not the people on the boarding bus, here I am, I want to change the way India thinks and when you start thinking smartly then the politicians are already smart, the day they come to know like the British are very smart.  The day they came to know that now our loss is going to melt, they got up and went away. In 1945, when there was a rebellious program in the Navy, a lot of things were going on even before that, but they released that this is the army we have kept and When they became aware of what we get done, and those who came for IA's trials, that was the last thing when they released that brother, now bring the commission, it is now not in our control.  To control because at the peak of their population Britishers were not more than 9 lakh in our country. 9 lakh means there were only so many fair skinned foreigners and there were crores of Indians here, meaning you think of this. 10 means out of 60 to 70 Indians, one was fair. Sometimes they could have been thrown out just by slapping, but if you think logically then one person means that one is fair, everyone should come, let's come, apply one by one and go away, it was not like that.  Why was it not because we were under their control but when the realization came that now it has happened, it takes a lot of time to bring that realization, there is a lot of contribution, I do not want to let down any freedom fighter, any politician, any big politician. Everyone was being awakened and they started working slowly and gradually and kept doing it, kept doing it, if God is smart then our politicians are also smart, when they will come to know that the public is very big. Will be intelligent, intelligent is asking questions and I go to make it evasive, I speak, discuss it, say no, leave it aside, tell me this, don't discuss this here and there, tell me why the caravan was looted, tell this, why not this?  It is not happening, all that is fine, that is good, you have done well, so when the teacher checks the paper, the questions which are fine, it is fine, where there is a mistake, it is pointed out, ask why this mistake has happened, find out here. Number  Why is it not important, you are True and False, you have written half of the questions of one mark each and here there were 10 questions of 10 marks each. If you are not able to solve them, then your marks will be given in the same way. Teacher, my five True and False. Hey brother, there were 10 true and false ones, if you made everyone true then in probability five became right, then only a little has been declared, now tell here, there are five for everyone.  Donkey's have also come and anyone else's have come, tell me here, I will check your paper here, it is difficult for the public to reach this level, it is not going to happen so quickly, but if even 5 or 4 become a ne, the same is very good.  There is no need for everyone to be there. There is no need for everyone to be there because this pull will take them. There should be one Naa in every family. The population of every family is 10 to 20 people, which is a big family. Big family means mother-in-law, father-in-law, grandparents too, grandparents.  Grandmother, father, mother, uncle, aunt, uncle, uncle means a family, if you call it family type, then there are not so many families, the population of India is 14 crores, but the family is only 6 crores, the family which is called big family is six seven crores, it should be only six crores.  Everyone needs one, that's the only aim, the work is to reach 6 crore people, the work is to reach 6 crore people, the work is to educate them, so if you want to support this campaign, then you are a subscriber.  If you don't speak, we will not grow. Say such a thing, we will not grow. Tell us what happens with this. We grow slowly only. There is organic growth, there is little growth through advertisement. Get people to advertise through advertisement and then they will come again and see it at the thought process level.  Now you have to join, you cannot join by going out and holding a rally. Just like you did a rally, they will say, you want to become a politician, why do you want to come, I can't become one. I don't want to be a politician. I do n't like any politician of any party. I do n't like any politician of any party. I don't know all the politicians of any party. I like this politician of this party. I like this politician of this party. I like this of this party.  This thing tastes good, it tastes like this, it tastes like this, now it cannot be mixed, brother, I drank pineapple juice by mixing it with seasonal juice and pomegranate or dal, it cannot be like this, so we have to drink it.  We will have to give weightage to what is important that we will tolerate even your nonsense, this thing of yours is good, that is why you are getting votes, so don't think that I don't know your nonsense and don't think that I am clapping on everything you say. And if I am voting for you, then I will ask you the most questions. Why should I ask them? I have not voted for them, if I have to vote for you then I will vote for you.  If I want to vote then I will ask you because what happens is if you go to ask questions then people say you are against it, oh brother why are you against it, you are voting for someone to whom you voted, how can one be against the person to whom you voted, but you will ask questions, this is the problem. Now people in India want to make everything black and white in India, it becomes very easy by making it black and white, isn't it? Human mind is lazy, it controls everything, brother, is this good or  No, it is good, he just wants to put it in that category that brother, it is this or this, he does not want to learn in total, whether it is to buy a plot, to buy a car, to buy a phone, to buy something, it is okay or not, it is not good, hey brother, how can I tell you one thing? Well, what do you need? What is important to you? If money is important, then this is the phone. Otherwise, brother, it would be the best for 5 lakhs only, but mine is that much when your budget is not that much. Then why is he asking which is good? First tell me, my budget is this much, which is good in this? Will there be a filter or will the search be filtered? So this is how we need to think. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please share and like. Thank you.  mech