Hello friends, Haryana BJP will talk again about what BJP should do now in Haryana elections. I like the very good thing about BJP that they accept the ideas, suggestions and advice.  Will go especially for their own benefit, that of the public is still a matter of later but for their benefit, whatever is told is done immediately, so now I want to advise the BJP people again and end  Before anyone tells me whether you are a devotee or that, there is a video of mine, episode number 100, in which I have told about my idol ji so that we should come to taste and see how the public makes the politician dance, the common man which I am.  When we make politicians dance and have fun in politics then we will get power. Power does not come like this, you like this, you like this, so now I am going to tell the people of BJP because there is a lot of fight going on for tickets. I am giving a clarity in the distribution of Haryana elections, especially that whatever ticket is to be given, give it as per the family principle. Do n't be shy at all and do not be nervous at all. Yes, the top leader has said before about a lot of familyism and so on, but brother.  The most important work is the biggest religion of any political party. To win the election, if you have to give ticket to someone's child, give it to Rao, give the ticket to Inderjit ji's child, Rao, whatever is yours.  It is Dharamveer ji, it has to be given to his children, whose children are asking for it, Ram Vilas ji's children, give it to everyone, what will happen like us on YouTube or like me, after giving advice here, after 10 days when the ticket will be known, they will make a video that Look at the face of BJP, they speak like this and see what difference it makes that they should get bigger seats, that is important, so the first thing is that the winning candidate or the chance of winning candidate should be given a higher priority. Don't get involved in moral science, you will lose the election, that is one second thing, I had made a video on Ad Ring, the English of Ad Ring would be like this, then the views would be less because it becomes a little sophisticated intellectual, I would have made that video by clicking on it. Jaan pooch chem, many people say that I don't click bait, they are like that, brother, he is not like that, it means I do n't take him to the level of Ram Se Brothers film, at least I take him to a little level.  If you are an intellectual type, then there are some words in the topics that become such that not many people enter into it, this is also a fact, okay, but despite this, I want you all to increase the number of subscribers and like minded. Do you think I am the intellectual type? Send this to those people. Another thing BJP should do clearly is that they should not ride two boats. Jats are not yours, yes, Jats are not yours, Jats are like the Muslims of Haryana, they voted for you.  If you don't do it, then why do you have to wear this mask? Bat openly, you BJP people are advised to do very badly in rural areas, what is Harrogate, lose by one vote, lose by 10,000 votes, lose by 50,000 votes, lose the election.  Defeat happens whether as they say, lose by 100 runs or lose by one run but defeat is defeat. Concentrate on your city thing. I will make a more in depth video on why I think that.  I will give a hint as to why it is very good in dispassionate politics. Urbanization BJP is the party of cities. Unfortunately, what did BJP do? They could not make the urban people happy even in the matter of infrastructure like Gurgaon. The population of Gurgaon is not pro Congress in any way.  Gurgaon is a Yadav belt in the default setting. Gurgaon people are mostly like that because I also say here, most of the trend is towards BJP. Resentment is disputer, wash and deep.  Water and the car got stuck and water flowed in the flyover. Is there water and pot holes under the underpass? The public is unhappy, but please convince them, get anything done. GMD etc. are engaged, brother, create an atmosphere when the pot holes are filled.  If you had delayed the election a little more, you would have forgotten all these rains, people don't remember anything for more than 10 days. If you had delayed it a little more, it would have been four days. You followed my advice about the holidays, that's a good thing.  So, you will save it on your clothes, but now it will become difficult to hold elections again and again, but brother, you could have easily been late, you could have easily been late, people would have forgotten, had the festival season come, you would have cleaned it and made it shine, but you don't have to work hard because look. Now some Hindu-Muslim incident has happened here, which place in Haryana has this happened here? Yes, from here, yes, by doing such elections, you will win. You will become a party of clear cut cities and urban people and all your Brahmins and Baniyas, Punjabis, who are your core vote bank. Give them clear cut messaging. This half- baked messaging will not work. Now you say it openly, friend, that's why I am Guruji, I will give two-three advices to Congress also here so that it does not seem that I will give it only in this.  Congress people are also listening, those who love and love Congress have to give advice to Congress so that the match is good, democracy and our democracy becomes strong only when both the parties are exactly like this, brother.  You do that, you do it, then if this becomes their setting, then it is the public's loss, yes brother, this time you do it like this, next time we have to make our work tight, then BJP people have a lot of chances of you winning in GT Road. Concentrate a lot on those seats. As soon as you leave Panchkula, from there go to Ambala, then Kurukshetra, Karnal, Panipat, Sonipat, then Faridabad, Gurgaon. From here, apply full force, then Rewari, then Mahendragarh and that side. Put full force here, put full force here and work in such a way that these Lok Dal people and the rest of JJP and this vote-biting party, give them a lot of support. There is one more thing the Jats can do, now BJP will get a little bit of that advice.  Contrarily but still the BJP people are wise enough to understand that there is a psychology among the Jats that if Congress is not giving them ticket in Choudhra or you make them a heavy district by taking them from Panna Pramukh, right?  Brother, one influential Jat brother will take our 10-12 thousand votes. Now you tell me, no, you are a cunning man, what are you doing, brother, he is nothing but an idiot, you have to tell both the things, which of the things do you believe in us?  Will accept, it's okay, BJP people believe, they seem to believe one after the other, so on top of that, there is no need to make too much noise, no one feels bad about getting a ticket, no one feels bad about getting a ticket, no one feels bad about elections. No one feels bad about fighting. In the locality around you, in front and back, in the colony, in some part of the city, Chaudhary Haat. No one feels bad. If a photo is taken, it becomes a ticket. By doing like this, someone like this with Kamal. Who wants to get a photo like this?  If you do n't like it, then do that kind of politics, then openly assert yourself, change all the tickets, BJP has one of its sitting MLAs, like these are Anil and Ji, it is okay, they do n't even know that they will get the ticket, the bad leaders will probably give it, don't give them. Don't give tickets to people like these, who talk too much like this, the public is well fed up, it's okay, they did some Gabbar Gabbar, nothing came out by doing this, it's okay and you people also know what it is and what kind of case it is.  Hey, bring some new leaders, some good doctor who has a very good reputation, some good professor, any good person who has genuine integrity and is popular within his area, I am fine here.  I am not suggesting that you should give me a ticket, many people will say that you have to take it because I want to tell here that my aim and ambition in life is very big, do not limit me to MLA elections and this state election, many people are like this. You say, you want to take its ticket, if you ever make a video like this, you want to take Congress's ticket, even if I am speaking, then tell me, this is what I clarify, because when there is a doubt in the mind of my subscriber, I am a Guruji, I am a man.  So I understand brother, I am a very high thing, okay, here we are not interested, if the ecosystem will be right, the thinking will be right, then if any wish comes, things will be fine and when you can influence up to that level in life, then Chanakya.  If Chandragupta happens then anyone will come, the problem remains that the one who explains it, the one who establishes it, the one who sets the weather for farming, the one who prepares the land before sowing the crop, the one who puts emphasis on it.  Life is lost, after that the work gets done. The advice to Congress is that in this, Congress will remain a party of Jats, hence they have made a very good start by Shailja ji doing that so that Dalit angle is also included in it, which is a master stroke.  According to me, because Jat plus Dalit is clearly BJP, look at it mathematically but it does not happen like this, not all Jats do it, okay, we count like this that there are Jats on 28 and how many Dalits on 19 20.  It is 48 but this has already happened, so that's it, not like this, not all Dalits will do it, Chandrashekhar will also come, sister will also give some money, will give something to BJP too, Dalits too have different types of hair, not all are different.  This is also a fact, so Congress does not have to rely on these two communities. Even if there is Jat leadership in Congress, which we know, Bhupendra Singh Hooda ji and Deepender are one.  If there is leadership, then they have to show that brother, I am not the leader of Jats only, I am the leader of Haryana. They have always tried but still they always say that it is Jat land. I am a Jat land and it feels very bad to do this land.  If the name of the country and province should be taken, then if people start talking like this about the communities, then it becomes the same thing for the country, take out Rohtak, Jhajjar, Kuhana and Sonipat belt. Bhiwani of 50 km etc., I have to become a leader above this, I am not seeing that much, I am not seeing Congress leaders coming to Gurgaon and trying, I don't know what is the matter, what is the setting here, what is the matter, what is internal because sometimes what happens.  Isn't politics such a thing that you don't know if you will get more than 50 MLAs, so many times you want to get only 48 seats, then that kind of internal politics becomes very bad.  Many times, because the internal dynamics are like this, as a party, Congress is playing the game a little smart so far, but it should not get trapped in overconfidence, then if Congress reduces its fighting amongst itself a little and does not show that it is only for the Jats,  It is a party and everyone's party and it will take care of everyone so it is an advantage. This is an election for Congress to lose. This is an election for Congress to lose. This is an election for Congress and they can lose. Like they say, it is a match for India.  To lose like this, it is about that, please share, like, thank you very much.