Hello friends, today I will ask you a question, you will be entertained, you will also learn and have fun and there is no special party or connection with anyone, first I am giving a disclaimer, this thing is fine, there are two types of mads.  If you don't do this, then the woman will be the kitchen, let's do it, okay, for the sake of example, there are two types of kitchens, you tell me which one you like more. A cook, that is, a cook who works in someone's house, okay, now one cook is an old cook.  is it yours or the old one  He has been a cook for many years now, what does he do? He takes your 1 liter milk and every day he fills his 200 ml cup and drinks it and adds 200 ml water to it and boils it. This is our cook. A is fine. Let's catch the second one. B. Okay. The second one is a cook. He is new and has not much experience. He talks very well. It's okay and he talks sweetly. And he doesn't steal. But he is interested in taking his photos all the time. It's a relief. It's okay.  And is Rahat interested in looking at the mobile or is Rahat doing this? In order to do this, every day when he calls for milk, he pours out 1 liter of 200 ml and if it spills, he also gets scared. He also adds water to the 200 ml. What did he do, he was an expert, he comes, took out the glass, mixed it with 200 ml of water, okay, first, second, we will increase the degree of difficulty and will keep telling things, don't answer so quickly, don't answer so quickly. Okay, so I told you the first one, I told you the second one, now what's in it, if you see that note, only milk is falling, milk is falling in the stove too, there is a block in the stove too, if the vessel is also running then the milk is gone. Give pulses but he is not a thief, he is not a thief, let's add a third one also, there can be such people who come brother, first of all they drink 200 ml, it is clear, after that they have to see the photo also, to pass the time and Even if negligent people come out, they drink 200 and milk out 200 and then if they want to get 400 ml of water, then this is also the third category. Now if I combine these three categories of people with politics, they are in every party. You have also seen that elections will come.  So earlier also there will be changes, there are three types of people, there are three types of people and every person will make his brother do something, see, now there is a mix of them, some have more of something, some have more of something.  There is something more in someone, now you have to select from these cooks only, look separately, the best cook is the one who neither boils milk nor steals, keeps cleanliness and is a stickler, you don't have a choice between these three.  There is mix and match among these three, it is not like that people catch hold of And you see such people, they are completely corrupt, that is, they are caught. They have no intelligence and are also eggs. You will find many such people in the government system, you will find them in political parties, I have made the match interesting, now tell me, now everyone is on side in this.  We will sit with him, he can run your house also, so are you asking to take a thief, it means that you have come to know, Guruji, your agenda is A, no, mine is not that easy, you will not know, although I am openly telling you that I am my  Agenda: I have to create a scene for the public, I have to remove only the politicians who have come unnecessarily, I have to bring that milk cook, the one who will neither drink milk nor will he churn the milk, I have to bring him and I have to call out everyone.  This is the one who drinks this boil, the whole world is like this, people are like this, where do they exit, I am the only such person, tell me, then you are the one who will go to the Rajya Sabha, where will you go to the Lok Sabha  You should do good things. Just by talking good things, a little less has been done. Brothers, just by talking good things, it has not worked, but by just talking good things, something more should be done, so today I want to give a hint to you, I want to tell you.  I want to request, please, I will not say more than 20 to 25 from my country and I am this kitchen, I am also a good one, but right now I am Jagan, I do not want to come myself because even by staying outside, you can have more influence. Independence MP, we can accept anyone but he is standing, I do n't think he will stand but it will be like this, if he is good and you think he is not in the category of these three chefs, then we have to select him 20 to 25 This is the hope that I can become a voice. Adv, you are a woman MP and a very smart woman and someone from your party is involved in the story. Ladies, don't open your mouth to reduce wrongdoing because it is a party.  You are not a good woman leader, that's why I tell women, I will make a video in this film to empower women through reservation, there is no education of Meena, women are very complaining, these facts have not been mentioned, so that topic will be discussed later.  This will become like the hypocrisy of women, which has kept us too much in politics. Whether it is men or women, we will not talk about gender there, it has become independence which has its own language and 20 25 Why I I am saying this because in the times to come, this is what will happen, if not this time then next time, the Khichdi wala made here, you know less, okay maybe if he doesn't have it then he can take 20 to 25 countries to such a place. Because they will be honest only because they are social and do not know anyone, they will have a commitment, they can question anyone at any time across everything, it is like different parties and ideologies have been formed, when the opportunity comes, someone will never be honest.  You can also ask questions, you can do this, you can tell, you can clip this to someone at any time and you can do that to someone at any time and by clipping today, you can hold accountable tomorrow that clipping was done on this thing but Brother  I voted for the party. Yes, I like the ideology of the party, so I will not ask questions from the party. Hey brother, your wife also asks questions, don't you take the marriage fair from your husband, it is not the story of your life, but she says that you have done wrong, husband.  He also says that this should be done right, this should be done like this, then why can't you say it at home because when this is not being said because everyone is dare, then how did you like this video, which one will you do, all three are bad, it is like a surety.  Jhansi is more, third one is more  It is absolutely fine to not select them, but then you will have to make a choice between those two. Now a corrupt man is bad, a negligent man is bad, this is what you have to see. There is a driver who can sleep. You are sitting in the car and you are sleeping.  He may even die due to an accident. Pro does not steal petrol. The other driver is a smart driver. He will not sleep. The car runs smoothly but sometimes he steals petrol and is late. It is okay that sometimes he wastes money in repairing the car. Sometimes he washes the car for Rs. 300.  500 is taken from now onwards. Look at this plot. So we need a good driver, who drives the car well, is neither negligent nor steals, but then the salary is too much, he does not want to pay the salary, this also happens.  ₹ 15000 is late, ₹ 6000 is late by stealing, one late is ₹ 22000, then the man says he will steal 6000, if it is 15 then it will be 21, this is very difficult in real life.  In this note on this, we still have to go, still we have to go to a place where we also need responsibility, where we also need honesty, because sometimes what good responsibility is, there is some other agenda, where foolishness is visible, there is honesty.  It looks like it means it is very complicated, okay it is not a straight way choice, if it was a straight way choice, then why would there be so much discussion, then we would have done it, if only black and white are black.  And it is not white, if the thing is black and white then it is not because what is intellectual is what I want to make of the channel, the subscribers are called intellectuals, people are not ashamed of what they say in what they do or what they say, okay, you are yours.  He calls you an intellectual, why can't you say something like this, intellectuals are not needed, we do n't need such people in the country, who are intelligent and talk good things, who will lift up other fellow citizens also, Jain or discourse will be of this level only.  Foolish liberty will happen that outsiders will see how bawdy they have asked, what are they discussing, the quality of debate is the same quality of country and the world is also monitoring it from Indians and Indians also need every rational voice.  Also, this kind of voice which is my voice, I am telling you, I did not see it much, that's why I definitely got one, otherwise my channels were running, I was enjoying the rest, what was the problem with me, but my  I felt this is a vacuum. Somebody needs you. Comment. India News, you discuss this. Please tell us about this matter. This is how we should discuss. If you like it, please share. It is a request with folded hands. Subscribe, you increase it. Okay, message needs you.  B Jeevan Tu D Larger Audience because as in this I am telling you to change the whole thing at your own level, we do not have to go out and make noise to anyone.  It is a scaffold, we have to see what it is because these kitchens, they will all paint themselves that there is no one better than us and this other one is useless, but what is the problem that they all come in mix and match. And we will have to think very carefully and take a decision or else we will have to create new kitchens which do not belong here like this. Please share, like, thank you.