Hello friends episode 2 today's topic is setting the narrative and living on board convection and empathy I am addressing the middle class a narrative is set inside our social space who sets it the normal general public doesn't know but it is set  We are going to do this, it is set up above so that you discuss that thing only because it used to happen in school, we are a nation of essay writers, okay, if we are given a topic about what is there in life, then our essay writing is done.  The one gets triggered, the CO will say that it is not the right time to show it, it is bald, there is no time, he pierced anything, left it like this, did anything like this, everyone got attracted to it, this is called narrative, I will tell you some things where the middle class tells useless narratives.  I enter into some examples, I will first give an example of the farmer, what does the middle class have to do with the farmer, no, for the farmer then we have to say, did the farmer ask you for help, does the farmer need you, no, poor farmer, take care of yourself, middle class, your children are set  You are getting promoted, I will tell you what agendas can be there in future This farmer is doing this extra fertilizer for the poor people, benefit of the poor, the plate of the poor, the poor are definitely benefiting, the country has definitely benefited, we will move forward, rest of the book, you can understand this as an example and when he is shouting  And its effect is being felt on the player and he is singing that India is winning, the middle class people are eating popcorn in the drawing room and he is singing that I am winning, it is nothing, yours is naive, yes, middle class. When kids used to play games in their childhood, there used to be some games and some small kids used to go there, they used to think that friend, now the elder people used to think that he will spoil the games, his raw eyes will not get spoilt due to the spices and he used to enjoy it a lot  Chotu is fine, he does n't know, neither it is happening around him nor his dhaba is happening, if you go to a video game parlor, where there are video games, nowadays when everyone plays on mobile, there are stations, there are coins in it.  If he used to put it, he could make a small child sit on the motorcycle without even paying any coin  He will keep doing this and it seems that it is working while he has no connection. There will be connection only when he puts in money like this. These are our conditions. They have to be made aware. I have to tell you guys, my viewers, how can you ride a cycle without it?  He has put it in and is feeling very happy, there is no need to be happy, he gets down from the motorcycle and plays the game by putting coins in and then he goes live, well this happens Guruji, yes, so you have to come and tell this to someone, not on social media Even the news channel people will not tell that I am saying 25 years in the last 25 years so that many parties do this, otherwise if I say 9 years, 10 years then people will give something or I will selectively hold him for 10 years.  I will take you any speech of Independence Day of the last 25 years, you can find it randomly by rounding up any Prime Minister's speech, what has been talked about in it, poor people of the country, farmers, drivers, city, anything, alumni, lovers, his time took less than that of a tabla because he  She was younger than me, but the middle class is growing and has become very large now. And it will move further, someone is talking about their aspirations, mentioning my name and the biggest fool is asking what is in this, do you know their pain, so when the reservation is late and the farmer gets the job, then the farmer gets it because the reservation is less.  Caste up to less than that and farmers also have caste but I am standing with you, I am saying this again with my hand in my hand, right now if the farmer is poor then if he is a Soni wala then also he will get reservation and  If he is not there in the caste then also he will get it in some other place because he is not even in the creamy layer. Yes, then you are losing your job, not your child's. We still have to talk to you people, you have to see that if you want the welfare of the country then  We will have to discuss a little bit about politics and in the bigger picture, we will have to fine tune the discussion. We talk a lot about a lot of different things, but for example, there is an actress, Alia Bhatt ji. I will tell you through her example. Once, I told her a story. Karanjhar has asked a story, he does n't know the name of the president etc. in his GK but please increase his knowledge, you tell me where is it right  This rest in her life, no, this middle class password has come, you don't even know this, you know everything, where have you reached, Alia Bhatt ji must be very successful in life and all those girls who want to become something  Chetan also wants Jagan, middle class boys who comment a lot on all these things, hey brother, Alia Bhatt has even got married, has a child, now she has even appeared in a Hollywood movie, and you can ask her GK from you.  It is not good at all, you are understanding where and what I am talking about, politicians play games, they set the rules of the game themselves and the game is played by the public, you have to set the rules of this game yourself and if the politicians have to dance then, brothers and sisters Can we do this because I am defining the syllabus of my upcoming episodes and I am not talking about them because what have we done, we have said that these two are late or they are politicians or the people whom we vote for  I am late with two big thirds so we say I like this I like this  no it is wich is ok but I want to ask you do you like this do you like this do you like everything about it ask your heart or do you reject everything about it ask your heart think a little no this is the only good thing about it Yes, this thing is very good, this thing is not good but what can they do in it, I mean there is this thing bad in it wich I don't accept this thing is a little good but if it is so good then I am not going to go with it, this is my thinking and  This can also be the reverse, defending on which side is of, I am here, without taking the name of any political party, without doing anything about anyone, I have explained in such a wonderful way, in Guruji's way, without making any noise, without applying any meaningless emotions because  Here, when you understand this thing, let the emotions cool down comfortably. The one who thinks has seen what is happening, what is important, is it not necessary to tell this person that this thing which is wrong should be corrected and we consider it wrong  and we consider it right, doesn't this person also have the right to feedback  That brother, let us correct this a little bit, this is the opinion of most of the people, people have just made it black and white without any other discussion and one more thing if you catch the politicians, if you look at India's external policy, defense policy, financial policy, whatever our  Finance is more, it has been going on for the last 40 years, nothing like this has happened, they just keep changing the details here, so it is not that we feel that it is very different, it is not different, if someone gives electricity, free water, electricity and all this then it is useless.  I am building a pond on the story and money is being invested in it, so someone finds out about the money because he is a robber after making promises, so you have to understand this, I will explain it to you in a simple and sweet way and you should try to understand it. Okay, write down what is important in your life. The toxicity of your job is affecting your life. What can a politician do about it? I am just rude, so what can a politician do about it? What power can the government have? This is what I will talk about further. what can they do because the poor middle class he doesn't know at all, he thinks that my life is isolated, I do n't tell you anything, your life is not going well, your job is not going well, your marriage expenses are too high  Your money is not being returned, financial issues are happening, there is struggle, yes what can a politician do, politicians say that LPG gas is more and petrol is less, this is all I have heard, oh I don't want it, there are private member bills, we will discuss them and talk more  We will tell you what a politician can do, what he should do, how will he do it, and we will make him aware through tweets, through this video, through the channel, and we, the middle class, are very low hanging fruit, there will be no expenditure, such laws  Parliament has the power to pass such a law which costs Rs 50,000 crores, it takes a lot of effort but to pass such a law which gets votes and no one is against it and a tabla benefits, then the politicians can do it by doing laptops.  I felt this is a dream situation but a politician  And I will create that situation in the middle of this channel, there is no negativity, no noise, no fun, they are shouting so much in the parliament, they are shouting rudely, all the parties, okay, you have turned the school debate into a fish market. And the way they talk in the parliament, now they are also like actors, means they want to show that they are watching from our constitution, whereas if they were calm, then both sides would be agreeing on some points, very easy points of the middle class  If they are there then keep speaking, keep discussing other things, keep fighting, keep doing everything with each other, we will not stop you but give this one hour, one hour or two hours to this middle class, no matter why, and this is our request to them with folded hands.  Pass it, it will be good for them, there are many hanging fruits and it is not that it is my extremely original history, I will not even say that it is such a history which was delivered in this parliament, then that too was passed and then everyone became silent  went because right now  The uproar went back here, the uproar over other things happened and now elections are about to come, so it will keep happening, there are two-three things of that kind, which are very good, that long country will continue, clarity will continue, things on different topics will be given to you people.  I will keep understanding, thank you, very match