Hello friends, who is winning Maharashtra elections, let's talk about Maharashtra elections which are going to happen now when this video will be released and it will be very interesting the next day. Let me tell you right away that this and that is not so easy but still I will stick my  Neck out and predict and try to predict something and then on 23rd we will see how the result is, so let's start, first of all there is so much confusion in Maharashtra, two factions have become one.  By doing Maha Vikas Aghada Maha Maha, the confusion is fine, on one side we have our Uddhav Thackeray ji, it is fine by imposing UBT, on the other side, our Sharad Pawar ji and Congress people are one and here we know BJP, NCP and Sinde ji, those three are fine here.  If there are three more here, then who is winning? So before the Haryana elections, Maha Vikas Aghadi, which includes the group with Uddhav Bal Thackeray, the group with Uddhav ji, Congress and Sharad Pawar ji, they definitely had an edge, but Haryana's  Due to the overturned elections, doubts are created on everyone that Amit Shah ji can do something suddenly, if this happens then what is the status now, the wishes are different depending on what is your wish.  For example, in Haryana, even if someone's wish happens, everyone goes according to their wishes and the commentary also goes wrong. In Haryana, it was seen that many people were coming to the meetings of Congress and not to those of BJP.  were staying We came to know that when there is a silent voter and he does not go anywhere, he goes to his own country, but mine and the target of Haryana people have not been achieved yet and now there are elections, so there is a very close fight between three different factions, but  I do n't see BJP rising much in this election, I will try to tell that if Mahavikas Aghadi has won a clear cut, suggest that they have won cleanly, they have 288 MLAs, total will be 145, then then  What is the matter that they have reached 160, 170, 180. Okay, then there is no problem, but what is the job of BJP to close it? BJP is like to emerge as the single largest party because it is fighting close to 160 seats.  If we are fighting the most, then even if the strike rate decreases, the chances are still very high. Otherwise, if the result is completely opposite, then something else can also be seen, but what Chief?  BJP's minister will be BJ, currently four candidates are visible from BJP's side, Devendra Farnabus is fine, Sinde ji is his own assistant chief minister and from Ajit Pawar, we are hearing that brother, he will not be a king maker but will become a king.  So there are three from one side and from their side Uddhav Thackeray ji has said that they have also said among themselves that if ours gets the maximum seats then they will make it.  There is not so much fight here, the stakes of dyspareunia are there in Mumbai and Uddhav Thackeray ji said that we will not do this in Dharava, we will not do this there, we will not do that, from him we also heard from Ajit Pawar ji that the last time is 2019.  There was a meeting in which Adani ji was also there, when issues were being raised in the government formation, Sharad Pawar ji was also there, Ajit ji was also there and they all told that Adani ji also has a role.  So one thing for me, if I look at the questions in IM, what are the questions, if you go into [ __ ] etc., then set the toli by netting, if someone has attempted that, brother, this cannot be possible, if this is so, then what are the options?  So I feel that no matter how the situation arises, the main purpose will be that Uddhav Thackeray ji should not be allowed to become the Chief Minister. Whatever may be the result, whichever way the result may come, the condition of BJP is becoming the same. Its condition in Maharashtra is similar to that in Bihar, although it is a big party there but it is not able to come to power on its own nor is it able to make the Chief Minister and I see the same thing being repeated here, so I feel that the first thing is that even Devendra Fadnavis is not  Will become the Chief Minister? First, I made names of four ministers and told them who could be there. I said that no matter what the result is, Uddhav Thackeray ji should not be allowed to become the Chief Minister. Now, I don't know that they are being elected among themselves.  Is it or all these are mixed, that's why I did not make many videos earlier, on this people were saying Sir, make Maharashtra, you had made Haryana because now it seems that there is a lot of match fixing, many times I jokingly say that the status  Whose video should I make? BJP is intoxicated, Congress is unconscious. BJP is intoxicated. Do you agree with this and Congress is unconscious? Congress feels like it can surrender 10, 12, 15 seats. Some such happiness is here.  It has been explained in this way in Haryana that there are some people in Congress, I am not talking about Congress, the top leader, Rahul Gandhi ji, is not surrendering, but at the bottom, it is not known to whom they give seats to him and  He keeps checking that yes, he will lose this election, if he does n't put in much effort, then 10 because many times, if there is more incentive in losing the election, then what will he do after winning, sometimes this also happens, so I think Sharad Pawar  Who  His party is waging a tough fight with all its might and will also give a tough fight to Uddhav Thackeray. Congress is standing weak in the tough fight, because whatever election this is, you will believe it till now, whatever is there, it will win 15 to 20 seats.  The whole system has to be in the middle, which will weigh the scales. I don't think that any one faction will take 200 seats and the other will be reduced to 88. The matter here has to be such that whoever comes will get 155 seats.  135 There has to be a similar system of 15-20 seats. Now the problem in that is that BJP 's problem is that they will have to depend on Shinde ji and Ajit Panwar, but their aim will be that if one of them depends on them.  One has to be dependent and they get the choice, I am batting mostly for BJP, then I can become their Chief Minister and they can call the shots, for example if  BJP 's minimum target should be that if they are fighting on 160 seats then if their 100 seats come in three digits then they should emerge as a clear cut winner or even if they have come with 100 seats then they are 8, 10, 11, then always your small party or someone else.  There will be independent class who do not belong to any of these six names, so if BJP hits 110, 111, then if Sinde ji's  If 35 come, let's say 30 come, then if they come close to 144, then who will not be more of a nuisance, Ajit Pawar or something like this in front of Ajit Pawar, even if Sinde comes less or comes with his, then it will not matter.  No, because we have seen that 1015 MLAs can be removed easily and when 2025 comes, we have seen how they were done, those issues are no more, people say that morality is no more, people.  People are also not judging on morality, these days people say yes, break it, do whatever you want to do, beyond that these people are saying that there is no issue, it is not there, like in Haryana they were thinking that there will be some issue of wrestler and that of ladies.  In any practical way, when there is a vote, we have seen that there is nothing, Ladli Brahmin Yojana, whatever has been put in place, Ladla Bhau, Ladli Brahmin and the utensils and all this that is being distributed, it is making a lot of difference.  What is coming from the ground, you people who are from Maharashtra, tell me which way do you see the election going. There are many people who dislike BJP and Eknath Sinde and Ajit Panwar, they are very vocal and those who are vocal are not.  They are heard more, this was also happening in Haryana, whoever was criticizing was vocal and the rest were watching them because now see, in the elections also the same thing was done here that if one is there then it is safe, although the Prime Minister's  Speak  It is very unfortunate that the Prime Minister has to say like this, one is safe, is Rahul Gandhi fake or what does it mean, what has he made up, that means as one is the top leader, everyone should be kept safe. Whom are you trying to unite? You also unite here, you are their Prime Minister and no such Prime Minister has ever done this in the entire independent India and we let this thing get away because we like, accept Hindutva as BJP and but it.  Sometimes  It should be said that no, this much opening up and saying 'butt will be cut' was too much for Maharashtra, that's why I had to make another coin that the one from UP will be cut, that is, it will be cut, that is, it will literally be cut, I do n't know what will happen to BJP by making so much noise.  They are doing all the same things, it is okay to scare and there is fun in scaring, isn't it? Actually, votes go that way and people want free seeds, which Congress used to do, they used to say while distributing 'Rewari', I want to address that here.  Those who talk about Congress like this, distribute it for free to the middle class audience, brother, they say the same, BJP people distribute it, so both are no different, no one's heart is beating for the middle class, for which my core audience and what I am.  When I make videos, there is a helplessness like that of a middle class person, if someone comes and wants to go anywhere, the same happened last time also, it can happen even today that if Ajit Pawar has 20 MLAs.  If he comes and has 1015 MLAs, he can go to his uncle and say, 'Brother, make me the CM and he will also make me the CM. People with Mahavikas are saying that it is okay, the age is long, BJP is not coming to power, you are 15 20 MLAs. You become the Chief Minister or something like this can happen, although it is tough to go because there were cases etc. going on against him, but clean cheat has been given in the cases, but even the clean cheat is not known who.  It is given along with it that subject to conditions, this can also happen, if Sinde ji also jumps, if she is made the CM, then it also appears to her that if I have brought 40 MLAs, then I will become the CM because I  I was a CM earlier also and if you will not make me the CM, then Uddhav Thackeray ji's offer has come that Eknath ji should come back, even if he keeps his party separate, please become our CM, then BJP has to see if BJP.  If BJP's seats fall below 90, then the matter seems to be complicated. I don't see BJP winning any of the seats in this election, which means I don't see the government winning even on B. If such a situation has been created then it is an advantage.  In a way, it seems that if the opposition plays its cards well, then either BJP wins 110 seats on its own or some magic happens and then it becomes clean because then among them  Taking out something from MLS 10 122 By the way, you have reached 120 anyway, if you want to touch the figure of 144 then you can also say that Cinde ji, you go where you want to go and if you don't go, then you will get the same pieces and  The work will be done only with Ajit Pawar. We will tell Ajit Pawar not to consider himself a hero. If we work with Shande ji then the choice will increase but as soon as his seats are below 90. So they don't have a choice, then Eknath Shiji and Ajit Pawar ji's will work, so I am using it the most, as they say, I have to put something in, so I am thinking that only Eknath Sinde ji will continue me like this.  It seems that now he will become CM with BJP or he can become CM by going to Maha Vikas vehicle, anything can happen, once a place can go from here to here, then what is there in returning home that we felt like it was a mistake. happened and we will and let's  If you make me the CM then it will be seen if it can happen then I am looking at the highest probability of becoming the CM and I can you know I call me Humble Pie, it is very fun to do it in English, it is okay in Haryana too.  It seemed as if the world would win. What was different about me? Although I used to say in every video that the fun will come only when there will be a close match. While doing the close match, he hit so many sixes and fours in the 19th over. Congress got them beaten and that's it, they became the other wise. Haryana elections are still very close. 48 seats are of BJP, 37 are of Congress and all three were independents who later supported BJP, but out of 48, brothers and sisters, six less.  If there were six more Congress seats then there were 43 Congress seats and out of six, they lost by 32 seats. Congress would have lost by 32 votes, not by 32 seats.  Have you ever heard that if someone had got people to vote even in the street behind one house, he would have won 32 votes because a lot of people had collected. A lot of money is going on in Maharashtra elections. A lot of money is going on in Maharashtra elections. Some of the real estate after Maharashtra elections.  It would be good if anyone wins because, it would be better for a particular person to win than a particular person, so I am mine, my wish and mine is that of Eknath Sinde ji, if you say that brother, you win this, he wins.  Then when the results will come on 23rd, we will see what happens to Devendra Fadnavis. One more thing is that whether he will not become the CM or not, it is my speculative thing that I feel that maybe Amit Shah ji might not want him because he should be made the Deputy CM.  It was also a thing that till date we have never heard that someone remains the CM and then becomes the Deputy CM and even if he becomes the party's leader, then it means that if 110 seats are 105 110  If BJP goes above 100 from 115 seats and if BJP's CM is not made then BJP workers will be very angry and rested. Okay and then if he is made in it then it will be difficult for the top leadership to answer that you are surrendering but.  If BJP's performance is low, it is seen going below 90 85 80 or below, then it can be said that you have not performed well in the exam, brother, it is a compulsion to come to power.  So brother Eknath Sinde ji or anyone else will have to be made like this, what is the choice because if it is like Eknath Sinde ji is like to become Nitish Kumar of Bihar, you can also see the meaning of Nitish Kumar, he becomes CM by taking 40-45 some MLAs. Every time, whoever Nitish will be with because there is the same shortage there, there is the same shortage in Bihar that there is something of 120 21 MLAs, my my  If I think about the cut off then everyone does not come with 7080 in it, then where Nitish goes with 45, he becomes there, then sometimes with less you are better, then I see Shinde ji becoming. How is Nitish Kumar personally? What is he, what kind of person is he?  Those who are our people of Maharashtra will tell us in the comment section how do you like this thing. The scheme that they have done has helped many people on the ground because many people like me.  I do consultation and work etc. PSU bankers are very worried. I don't sleep for last three months in Maharashtra. Money keeps increasing till 11 pm. It is fine there, that is, so much work has been done, that is why the elections were also delayed there because of release.  BJP is benefiting from this and now you can see that elections will be won and fought in the same way. Earlier they used to say that they distributed Revdi there, now they distributed Revdi there, now all this is the same.  Will take 1500, take 2100, now we will increase it to this much, the middle class will work and pay taxes and the politicians will keep coming to power by giving money to all the poor, then at least the middle class does not need to become cheer leaders of BJP.  In vain and the work of Congress is also the same, now all the politicians are alike, whatever the Congressmen write in their manifesto, like what they wrote in Haryana, they will give like this or whatever they say.  BJP tells stories from the stage, BJP does that, BJP gives that in actual, yes, okay, you are saying this, take it, you are saying this, just take that in between, this religion is in danger, this religion is in danger, that one, everything.  They keep going on amongst themselves that nothing is in danger, no, the Constitution is in danger, everyone knows that religion is in danger, yes, but they keep saying and normally people are not too enamored by that too, nowadays even they are tired, so that's it.  Now this one will work, then some more syllabus will be known, these then some more syllabus will be known, now if the politicians are only working on this one, then after the elections in Maharashtra, they will pick up the pace of the economy because there has been nothing for the last 10 months.  This is happening in Maharashtra only preparations are being made, first there were those elections in Lok Sabha, the condition of BJP and both its parties was very bad, but then they continued with their 'Laadli Bahana'.  The focus which was on the economy has been removed because Maharashtra is in election mode since last six months. Last I am not in the last six seven months, take seven eight months. Maharashtra is in election mode, so now whatever government is formed, now do that work.  If it starts then that is good news for it. Real estate is very affected when a government is not working properly, the focus should be somewhere else, now it will be better, what are the activities there? I will keep bringing things on Sango Real Estate on my separate channel. If you are not a subscriber of Sango Real Estate which is my pure real estate channel, then please bring it to me from Sango Real Estate. Subscribe there you will get opportunities and things coming. You will definitely enjoy watching. Thank you very much. If you have not subscribed to the channel then please subscribe and  There is a request to everyone who is watching this video to add one subscriber as soon as possible so that the figure of 50000 can be touched quickly. Right now we have come within striking distance before the election results of Maharashtra.  You can hit till 50000, this will be my target, every subscriber who increases should increase it. Videos are very good, political ones are also coming latest. Whatever issues are there, they are also coming and some of my old special videos are also coming. One half told me, 'This is old, first show me brother, you are the one who has watched Suryavansham 1.5 crore times, I have such wonderful videos on Zee Cinema, the world.'  The one who is giving so much solace is facing difficulty in revising it by seeing it again. This is very wrong. What is this book of ours? The books of very good knowledge are always quoted, don't you wish for the results?  don't do karma  Do your work, do n't wish for the fruit, the same thing over and over again, I have shown one half of mine to many people who are old, this is not running out of content, petrol does not run out here, but there are many revisions too.  You have to teach the seventh chapter, then it's 12th, forget the seventh, it's the final exam, then do it again, these are the take aways and the most interesting thing is that every video has a relevance and the message.  Many a times, the same content changes with time and this is very beautiful. I will close by telling you one thing, like if you read a very beautiful book, then when you were young, what did you read in 242 years and what take away did you take from it and  You have done the same thing in your life, after 40 years, the same book, the same author, the same content hits you in a different way and that is with me, this is not a very high level content, everyone's desi ghee of mine is not digested.  So it will be fun, some videos will keep coming in between, okay, we listen to the old songs too and the chains of my heart are still heard by Kishore, they were heard earlier also, new ones also come, very new ones also come, so one  It will be like a buffet so that to digest my political content, like many times a person needs some salad and salad, so that it remains clean in the stomach, then that content is necessary because that content.  With whatever is happening in our life and we should keep the focus on our own life, you will get a better understanding, it will be absolutely pure. If we focus 100% on politics then a negativity becomes the default setting because like you Modi ji.  If you say something like this then people become sad. If you give good praise to someone else or do it to someone else then that's that thing in it like the whistle of a pressure cooker. The videos tell you to calm down then come and then consume it.  I am having a lot of fun. My request is, in the comment section, if you increase one subscriber, write plus one. If you increase two, write plus two. I am not requesting more than that, brother, increase it by one or two, increase it within the family. Tell me friend, consume this, tell the content to your friends, friend, please add, okay, so that till the elections, it will be a lot of fun in 50000, 50000, it will be a lot of fun, okay after that. You become a very serious player. If you are a little below youtube1, it seems that it means you will not be able to become the CM. In 50 seat Maharashtra, even the one with 40 seats can become the CM. To me, you people, you see, now this result will come on 23rd. Whoever has written before 22nd and if it is correct then please tell me because look, there are only 5-6 players, we cannot become more than that, I am from Congress, so perhaps I don't see becoming CM, brother, I don't know, Congress is doing something. Congress doesn't look like that if it does too much, I always feel that it performs like South Africa, okay fours and sixes in the end like you saw in India's World Cup final, I see Congress like this because somewhere or the other  So they have some or the other match fixing, whether you look at the result of Maharashtra, sorry, Madhya Pradesh, look at Rajasthan, look at Haryana, they do not seem to be putting any effort into me, at some places, at the last moment, something like this happens, they slow down the car.  like in formula one Don't slow down a bit and someone goes ahead and then say oh, this was such a mess, this was so fast, this was so, nothing happens to them, so that's why I feel Congress is tough, although it is fighting on the maximum number of seats.  I think on 103 etc, Uddhav Thackeray ji can become CM if he becomes CM and Devendra Fernway is there and Eknath Sinde and Ajit Pawar are outside chances too. They are saying that I will go with 20 MLAs, now that.  One thing is the noise, after this election either Ajit Pawar's party will end or Sharad Pawar's party will end, one of them will end, one of these two will have to be thanked, whose will it be, analyze us 23  We will do it in November because it is possible that if the power clear cut goes towards BJP and Ajit Pawar takes away this title with 10 MLAs, then the MLAs of Sharad Pawar group will run towards Ajit Pawar because no one has been away from power for so many years.  Ca n't stay and Ajit Pawar's MLAs can also run away. On Sharad Pawar's side, how is it depending on the situation because when there are 202 MLAs, it is easy to run away. Okay, it is also easy to run away. Sent somewhere in a resort in a single bus, in a small plane.  It has been sent, okay, these tasks will also be seen to be done, it will all be comedy and fun, so let's see because I am not seeing a clear cut, earlier there was a time that this car which was MVA, which was ours, was clearly visible ahead. However, there are still a lot of YouTubers who are showing that BJP should lose but it is feeling like déjà vu. Those exact same stories were heard in Haryana elections also, but now every big public is also there and everyone is, right brother you?  BJP cannot be attacked like this because RSS people go to every house day and night and they also narrate their stories well and the same has to be played on 2-4 percent vote bank. You should see that there is an impact in the voting percentage also. And Maharashtra also has to be studied, there is no one Maharashtra, there is Maratha region, there is Vidarbha region, there is Mumbai region, there is upper and lower state, it is a very big state, people do not know how many places there are, people from outside know the names of five and six from Maharashtra.  Okay, but Maharashtra is a very big place, where is the fight so tight and the results of the elections are very different between 2 to 5000 votes and 2 to 5000 votes are actually in a fight because they have fielded a dummy candidate. Everyone is cutting amongst themselves too. There are insecurities among themselves too. There are insecurities among Shiv Sinda and Shiv Sena Sinde group. There are insecurities that BJP may not come as many as us, perhaps we may become less and if we do not win there then there is a lot of competition among them and no one else can go anywhere.  It's just that BJP and Congress may not sit together and form a party, otherwise if Congress and BJP unite then they will definitely win. Whatever results will come in this one is fine, other than that, there is someone else somewhere else. Can it go? Is this thing and how will it go? What will go? We will see and money and business and business interest will drive this because Gujarat lobby and Maharashtra lobby have also been played. There is Mumbai's old money which is Bombay wala which is now used by those businessmen.  I do n't take the name because now the name is taken publicly only of our dear Gautam Andani ji, so everyone takes it as if yes, he is on the other side, on the other side too, on the other side too, because this one, this one is also powerful. These are the old ones, Mahara of Maharashtra also used to speak of Bombay, Gujarat always felt for so many years that Bombay did not come to us when the partition took place, so this one is Gujarat lobby and this one is also going on, let's see the best. We will analyze person win and 23rd. If you feel like doing it live then we will do it live if you want because I like it very much. If you want to do live etc. then tell me what will happen on that day. That day will be Saturday.  It will be a bit tough for us because we do some things but still we will try to do live on the election results. If the only thing is to reach 50000 subscribers, there are still five days, there is only one day, you have to increase only one subscriber, you have to increase so many people.  Will listen to the video 10 155 Hajj people listen to the video Minimum on an average becomes more Many times if you increase it by just one then our government will become 000 people so try whatever you can  Please increase it, please write in the comment section. I want to increase it by subscribing like this. Ok, thank you very much.