Hello friends, today we will discuss that Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh are going to be very good elections and the atmosphere is not at all one-sided which if it happens then enjoy the excitement. If your result is clear that it is winning then there is no fun in the match. We are having fun, this is our independent channel, it is okay if someone wins, but we have to enjoy the match, okay, it is not like that with anyone, there is a lot of love, okay, we will see what development is happening in both and both.  What am I into?  If you are enjoying that thing, then tell me if you are enjoying Madhya Pradesh, first let's talk about Madhya Pradesh, it is fine, Shivraj ji has been the Chief Minister in Madhya Pradesh for so many years, it is fine, the public has elected him last.  Time is a bit MLA, MLA had to be shifted here and there, but now the Chief Minister has not declared that is the one, it is okay, which has been there for so many years, second thing, you have used your veterans and this will be I think seen in Rajasthan also.  And let us analyze a little on this. You have put a veteran leader and Minister MP in contesting the MLA elections. So what is the relief coming from this? And this affects 2024 and also makes India's politics a reality in the future and I am also giving a hint.  That MP is a lam post election, lam post election has happened, do you understand what happens that is also a lam post, someone is my lam post, I am the leader whom you love, so I  I will also erect a lamp post and if you make him win then there is nothing in MP. If there is something in MLA, then they were told that you are such a mattress and a leader, then brother, go and win your MLA election, otherwise if someone asks, let the MP contest the MLA election. In the Government of India, a minister contesting the election of MLA is a demotion in a way, but it is being shown and it can also be set that brother, if you lose the election, then brother you  You were not worth anything, you were not a hero, so how much stake do you have? You did not see the leader under tension, who is the top National General Secretary, who is a big leader and he himself is speaking. Kailash Vishwa Vargiya ji is speaking himself, my friend.  I was not fighting, friend, if you made me fight then this is something which is interesting happening and I like this because I like this approach of the ruling party which is here that brother, it's different, it's not like that.  He should do something different like Dhoni, give the ball to Jogendra in the final of the last World Cup match, he makes it interesting, it does not make politics humiliating, this is off shock and off key politics, it is Chanakya type, it has links even to military Suzu. Okay, if you see the knowledge and you like it, now whoever is called Chanakya of India says that my name is also an incidental first name, we share it, okay, so there is something inside the name May B too.  If there is a measurement, then of course it can be any person with my name, which is my name, okay, first name, which is mine, do you know, I hope everyone knows my first name, I have just named the channel something else here. But I hope you know my first name, okay, this is the first name of many famous people and the translation of this my first name is limitless, there is no limit, now there is no limit in what, but you can do that, okay, very good, very  good strategy  According to me, this is a very good strategy, okay, and the next opponent who is fighting is my own, seeing his confidence level, I am getting excited, that means you will also bat, you will play 50 overs this time.  And it seems like this and I am having a lot of fun. One thing is that Shivraj ji has become a little na-ho. It seems to me that the meaning of chatu kata may not be the correct word but four or seven times CM.  Now when I tell you about Rajasthan, you will understand what hint I was giving about this thing. It's okay because there are no words about one thing, instead of saying much, my channel is for intelligent people and for an intelligent person, a hint is enough.  So from that alone you will understand, now coming to Rajasthan, it is tight here, Madhya Pradesh is tight, okay Rajasthan, which was always a flip flop, earlier this party, next year this party has been a trend, so in that, this is open and shut election.  To become  It should have been like they say, ladies' kitty party or something happens once in this house, once in this house, once in this house, something happens like this, then it should be set that now the next one, then after that, and so on. Rajasthan's result used to be going on like this for so many years but this time it cannot be told because they themselves say that many people can snatch defeat out of Jaws of Victory. It seems like the list is not coming out which ones.  wally end  Here I would like to speak, I would like to praise, I will show a little astrology and here I would like to praise a lady whose name is Vasundhara Raje Dabang Bhai, I enjoyed the body language and it is okay to do that, you do not find it anywhere else in India, now like  She is saying and saying that Bhaiya, I am not Yadur ji, Karnataka, understand that this is Rajasthan, the attitude of the Maharani is a different thing, maybe there is another Maharani too.  It is fine now but SN astrologer Neurol is telling me that you guys find out the date of birth of Vasundhara ji, all these eight number ones are neither difficult nor possible to suppress, defeat or compel them. My video of one number eight is very good.  If it is a super hit, then suddenly I was also not aware what is madam's birthday and I was like, this attitude is this attitude with others, so how can this happen? Ga Ga tells the date, tells the date of birthday and then aa se oh tata tina ho gaya mine I said astrology works is fine astrology works always it works fine people keep saying anything to it anyway look at the personality yes it was fun and  It is not there as I had told earlier, it is not there in Madhya Pradesh, it is there four times, or Dignity Grace, and what kind of story is here, the next party which is in power, I told you that it changes every year.  If it was there then there is no praise of him in it, but here that page is stuck, the list is not coming out, who will contest the MLA election, who will decide, Jaipur will decide what is the list or Delhi will decide, it has become interesting and this Indian  This is the high point of democracy, this is what I wanted, I had made videos earlier also, I had said that the problem in Indian democracy is that democracy is very good but the political parties are not there.  This is not democracy, this is democracy, this is what I want my country to be, that with the political parties there are people, they will do it like this, they will do it like that, why are you telling me, according to us, Rajasthan is like this, somewhere or the other there is something in it. So the camel will sit in Rajasthan also, the camel is famous somewhere, so if it sits on some force, then something or the other will happen, but whatever is interesting to us, as an audience, as public, as Indians, if  We are not from Rajasthan, if we were from Rajasthan, we would have had more emotions. Now if we are not going to go to Rajasthan and vote, but we are as Indians, as Indians, we have to see what is happening, now the party has also changed, now as if one  Jyoti Mirdha ji was in Congress for so long, her family has a lot of influence in Nagaur district, now she has joined BJP, so this party is changing, now she is leaving from there, now I don't understand a thing about the leaders.  to my  What does it mean to be yourself from within? Have you lived with someone for so many years? Now how come you are praised by others. It is like you are married with someone. And then you are like that I have been divorced. Which is? Okay, but on painful thing, as soon as you divorce like this, there is a period of pain and there is a period of pain. It means that a man divorces today and gets married tomorrow. Such people are of no use, I don't understand.  This is what we public need to learn from politicians. We are not condemning any politician or any politician. We need to teach the public that look brother, this is how it happens, why are we doing so much and if we go there and vote, then on what basis is the vote being done?  What is happening on the basis of caste, what is happening on the leader, what is happening on the intention, what is happening on what, ultimately whose loyalty is to be given to whom, what is to be done by the party, what is to be done by the leader because you are the leader, because we saw. Seen it in Madhya Pradesh, before that, seen it in Karnataka and other places. Vote for it, it goes here. Now what to do. There is comedy in Maharashtra, so it is not known who is in opposition. There is no opposition. Do you understand?  Baa, there is comedy happening with the public, he voted for this one, he went here, then he cast his name for this one, then he did that, beyond that, make a movie, otherwise that Malamaal weekly type ko movie will be made, meaning that Priyadarshan type that.  joe movies  It is made by Paresh Rawal or any welcome type or which is not this kind of comedy, situational comedy that is going here, the public is not understanding anything and whereas Mumbai of Maharashtra India is Mumbai, you know the financial capital of India.  You see how industrial and progressive India is, who according to you is coming to Rajasthan and who according to you is coming to Madhya Pradesh, I am saying touch and go, I feel like this. Both  Will the place be decided independently or will there be a party or something, that is probably what I am feeling, right now I am not feeling such a clear cut thing and when it is said that the problem is stuck, the problem is stuck and by doing this, Hindi newspapers and  Hindi channel people neither do these entangled elections nor do they enjoy covering them, analyzing them and understanding them and this is the beauty, it is like some people have not opened their cards, the rest are all counted.  Sitting like this, this one is mine, this one is mine, but those people in the middle 152 are fine, who can go anywhere, any way, this is democracy and democracy is the joy of others. I told that there is still someone somewhere inside the political parties.  Who has a backbone and whenever it is understood that she is a woman, then more respect increases, a lot of respect increases just because of the fact that she is there, I can hold on to her, this is her and  Ultimately, the public has to decide. Yes, it is not that simple, the public is not there. The good thing is that smart people are there. They also see the signals on daily basis, where they are going. Decisions will always be taken. This also helps the public to learn decision making capability. We will also get to learn whether ego is everything and if ego is everything then what is the result of it, will our life be destroyed at one time after drinking such a sip of our blood?  After getting the work done, something can be done. The smart people observe politics in this way. To grow in their life, those who are very open minded and keep making noise, they do not learn anything. Now we have to stop that.  What will be the next step? What will be the next step for Delhi? Will Jaipur decide the list? Will Delhi decide the list? Meetings are held as usual, I am not very extremely fund of news channels and all.  But many times the clippings that happen come on social media like if someone is getting down from the car, she is wearing a saree and how someone is looking, someone is getting down from the car and what kind of body language he is having, what calculations are going on, what is happening.  This is going to be a mystery thriller type, if you enjoy it this way and watch it this way, it can be very entertaining and this situation comes once in five years, so this is the time for the next five. Kumbh Mela of democracy is better than Kumbh Mela, not so many people come to Kumbh Mela, here it is 100 crores out of 140, so last time 61.5 crores had voted, this time  I think I think 80-90 crore people will vote, nothing can be bigger than this, so in the next seven months we have to enjoy, don't take stress and whatever is coming to you is happening.  You have to see what you feel, what do you want, don't write beyond that because it is going to happen, but it may happen according to you, you want this one to win but you feel that this brother is winning or this one is winning.  Whoever is giving competition, then write down what is going on according to you, then according to that, then we will see further when the elections will be held, now what are the exit polls, which are those polls? Opinion polls have not come, then those polls will come.  all that  Come, it is a matter of great joy and keep observing everyone, everyone will now know everyone's true character, whoever it is, because see, everyone keeps a mask, not only politicians, they keep it in homes too, mother too, father too, you too, boss too, but when the times of  When stress comes or time of reckoning comes, then that mask is removed, this is the time to see everyone's real face, after this it will not be seen again, so now everyone is removing it from everyone's face in such a way that it is actually behind.  What is there, see everything, make your notes and learn yours and also learn an art that how to put on the mask, how to remove it, how to see through the mask, when you learn these things then please share and like.  The channel does not have to take stress, the thing has to be understood like if political science is a subject then it does not mean that one has to become a politician, taking political science it helps us in understanding what is.  Happening around us it helps us understand that this is how it is happening, this is how it will happen in the future, how I can benefit from this and how I can see myself, what is the writing on the wall, where is the country going, how do I see myself  By what position can I get away from all these things in life and live my life, will this system continue like this, okay then please share, thank you very much.