Hello friends, again there will be a deep topic, you people have to understand what the poet is trying to say. How Delhi voters and Delhi politics is affecting the country. Whatever elections we have seen since 2000, we have seen a pattern that in the Delhi assembly, the people of Delhi go in this direction.  And the Lok Sabha goes in this direction. The people of Delhi consider themselves very smart and it is okay but now the story has changed and because of this the country is being affected a lot. Why is it happening? What is it happening?  Let me tell you that it is a small party, I will call it small because among all the parties, it is the youngest party. I am not saying that its vote bank and it is the least, it is also a very national party, that too is fine but what is the negative.  This has happened and in this I will put more fault on the media people than on some people of Delhi that Delhi has been made the house of Bigg Boss, Delhi is a small Delhi, brother of 2.25 crores, Mumbai is also in competition with you, they call MMR, which one is okay with it? Kolkata also has a lot of population, what is left is your statehood and all these are all those stories, okay this has been done, Mohalla Clinic, free electricity, free water, Jharkhand is consuming the most footage, it is much more important than what happens in Delhi.  Everything is set in the same way, most money in Delhi, most influence in Delhi, most rich in Delhi, Delhi should not be given so much footage to national media and lazy media, all these are inside Noida. You give office suits, tell me, if India is a country of 145-150 crores, then if the population of Delhi is less than 2, then the area is very less, nothing is fine, but if we talk about population, then if the population is less than 2, then it is less than 2.  So brother, give him 5 per cent footage in the national media, give him 10 per cent footage. Here, after consuming so much footage, he is a leader and his thinking is that he is an idol. Now, which party do I belong to? Let's not change each of them, sometimes you belong to him, sometimes you belong to him, we are deceived, it's okay, sometimes I look like this, sometimes I look like that, I have to tell everything to everyone, what is happening, I am telling you the situation with my eyes, brother, now I will speak.  It is made in Punjab, yes, it is a good thing, it is made in Punjab, God forbid it is made in the whole country, who are we, but I am saying that you are writing the paper, you have given more weightage to it, go to other places as well.  yes you are doing politics to me  I know, but there is so much trouble here because what is it, whatever is happening in Delhi, even the people from foreign countries all get interested. According to me, now I am going to say something very strong, I am a brother from Delhi.  Just settle whose side you are on. You are riding two boats. Delhiites means the one from outside the house. You are like the one in Govinda's picture. Now I can say that I am not from Delhi, I am from Gurugram.  of boats  You are taking a ride, you are enjoying this also, my chit is also my pat, my father's watt will be charged now, in these terms of negativity, tell me by being from one side in the Lok Sabha, whatever happens to it, I am not saying which side, but which side.  That should be in the thought process because if whatever decision you take, the Delhi assembly which was formed and was not an assembly as soon as it was born, there is no state here, it is an assembly, it has come through amendment and can also go away through amendment, then it can again become MCD.  You will go to MCD elections, you will have so much footage, don't consume so much footage, everyone has become a worker, all this and all that, because press conferences are being held here, do it every day, this is the reporter, who will go to Orissa, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh in summer?  There are so many issues happening in the North East of the country, who will go to Noda's office? Hello friends, all the journalists of these news channels have also become YouTubers because they also released that friend, this is what we have done. Telling stories: You see how many news channels come here, I am a journalist, neither do I claim to be one today nor have I ever been one, but what is the difference between them and us, we too sit and narrate stories, they also narrate some stories which are like tableaus.  And what appears closer is easier to cover due to their lethargy. I will call such a system as a system. Delhi is a system, this is politics, everything here means the infrastructure is better since the time of Sheila Dikshit. He had come for the Commonwealth Games, what happened at the age of 15, after that they gave this water connection, gave this electricity, gave this, gave all these, they started becoming MPs from the North East, you changed the politics and demography, otherwise you  What is it, we can't come to Delhi, is India one country, so anyone can come and go, yes, we understand, we understand, everyone understands, that is why the real estate of Gurgaon is increasing so much, it is very beneficial for us, the people of Gurgaon.  Of  There is a lot of benefit for this and call me, hey brother, come, everything is free, come brother, come, everything is free here, hey, the schools have just been reprimanded, for how long will you eat bread after showing those 10 schools where you have not done good, you come and see. Which schools is this Supreme Court reprimanding, where the schools are dirty? Hey, in the government school, I owe you all a video of mine on the Indian Education System. Hey friend, the bathrooms are well done, it is good, this is the best education, wouldn't it be a good job? so don't think  Your IT is gone, a little, IM is gone, Stanford is gone, Harvard is gone, some have not become great, yes, it is the right of every child to be given a good environment, whether in a government school or in a private one, the condition of private schools is so bad.  What has happened is that their fees have been capped like this means your builder floor is worth 8 crores but the one with 8 crores wants metro and free electricity and free water and he wants less bus fare and he also wants school fees.  That's how a private school will become good. If you put such a cap on its fees, where will you get good teachers? No, even after taking high fees, the school teachers do not give good teachers. This is also a fact, but they will not give at all by taking less, this is also a fact.  The fact is that some rich man wants to send his family somewhere, if he has done so, then this is a big class fight going on and he is getting a lot of weightage. There is a place for every person in democracy. I am not questioning him.  I am saying that brother, why are you getting the footage? You should not get so much. Don't deserve it. There are as many Delhiites as you, whatever your issues are, all are demand programmes, brother, no Delhiite is poor, here in Delhi even the poor are not poor, there are no issues.  You don't have any issues, you don't deserve to be featured in the national media, the one who lives in Delhi, whose Voter ID is from Delhi, whose Aadhaar is from Delhi, whose address is from Delhi, that brother is Lat Saheb, this is a fact.  Does anyone like or dislike you, you are from Delhi, none of your issues are important, there are facts to cover anywhere, it is such a big country, it is so important, well, this topper student party also suits them many times to deflect. Because there are so many issues going on in the country, now if someone goes there, then these media people also have to be kept busy and you people also have to be kept busy, you mean not this party, you people are fine, you have to be kept busy.  just theirs  Keep crying, he will say something, he will say something, today he came, today he left, today only then put him in jail, that is why the text was Dr. Visionary that all the focus has come on this, all the focus has come on this, this democracy is in danger, isn't it?  This is why this is happening, there is so much noise about Hemant Saro, no brother, those tribals can also tell his story, they can also tell theirs, why are they not discussing it, does anyone know anything about his case?  wouldn't know  Which land was there and what else, I don't know, atrocities did not happen there, that's nothing, who is happening to them here, what is the politics happening there, how many votes will come there, who will be lazy, or I am brushing all the journalists in the same paint.  Why don't you come with real scoops Why don't you come with real stories Consume Delhi's story S Subscriber I am telling you all S viewer I am telling you even if you stop consuming Delhi's story you have nothing to do with it  Chutku is a mayor level system and their cry is going on, let me tell you that councilor level elections are held in any small town, they have the same cry that people of this level only need to be given weightage, Rohtak, Rohtak is very big.  Is it a city, take Rohtak, take any other city, where these elections are held, politics has fallen in them, but in any case, the head of politics has fallen even at the national level.  It is falling but I am saying that this one is at the lowest level, it is the opposite of direct speaking, if I say it, then it is not a feminist, but what is the opposite of feminist, it will be that if I use the word of ladies, then  That it is not you, you, I, I, now you will speak like this, I am not so politically correct, I do not want votes and it is not like this, when a husband comes to the house, then your mother did this, just like you.  Tell me, your sister did this, it is not like this, this is that level, that is the level, there is no productivity, there is no mother-in-law in the house, sister-in-law used to watch serials in tutu, these people have done this in tutu and their vows have been fulfilled.  And the whole thing is like this, in the list of Prime Ministers, who becomes the Prime Minister of the state, their younger leader is at 5th place, brother, how come you are the elder one, who is the top leader, his percentage is higher, then the second one is coming in the list. on foot  He keeps on coming, his also comes, come on, he is a big leader, big party, big leader, footage should be found, no one is getting it, so where did the third number come from, basically, what is happening today that it is something like this  What is going on, whether it is a picture or someone, is it footage, whose footage is it, how much of the same leaders, according to the actual work they are doing, we will never know what happens in Orissa, how is the leader there, good or bad, we have Andhra Pradesh.  It's a big province, not his idea.  Hey, we are Indians, if we are from Haryana, if someone is from Rajasthan, if someone is from Punjab, someone is from Gujarat, UP, then what is this conflict happening in Delhi, is it more important or should we know what is happening in Kerala? In Tamil Nadu, we just know that someone said something against religion, we just know that someone there said something like that, the rest is not known where the level of debate is taking, this is a very important level of debate which This is according to me, if this story of LG Velji continues, then you keep crying, friend, either abolish their assembly or give them statehood, friend, the capital of the country cannot be a state, no, our two crores here, brother, let it be two crores 10  Be it crores, be it 25 crores, you will pick it up, so much work will be done here, so much political activity will be done there that it will be difficult to handle that international image. Now today you must be feeling that today you are my devotee.  Will you please make some of mine right now, that was going on, that party was being bought, whose money did I eat today, please tell me, people write different things in the comment section every day, but man, it is a problem to pick up these media channels and go somewhere else.  If you should send everyone, you found cheap offices here in Noida, now all your studios are there, caught the car from there and crossed, he came, how do you feel, how do you feel, today he has a meeting, today he felt that he has gone there.  these are today  In that city, today in this city, today this, today this inside, this is your level off, that is, out of the 150 crore people of India, we have caught 2 crore people whose life is as good as the life. Medical facilities are not available to the people of Delhi today, they have always been the highest.  Listen, you people of Delhi, rest of the people will not know, there is pollution in Delhi, there is pollution in Delhi, otherwise the people of Delhi would become immortal. Life expectancy of 75-76 years of Delhi is the highest in the country.  An average Delhiite lives the longest in India, his life span is the longest, then your quality of life is the best in the whole of India, so why should you be discussed, Delhiites, you grow crops, you do such great work where there is struggle.  You are like a common man living in a metropolitan city, the only struggle is that I moved from one place to another, I went to my job by hanging from the metro, today I went by hanging from the bus, these are the issues, just made my ticket free today.  Will be free on Rakshabandhan day, this happened today CCTV cameras were installed today, today they got damaged, this is what happened, those flyovers have been built, all your obstacles have been built, everyone lives here, all the power is here, everything is here, it means if the merit list of all the police comes out, where is the police that is the most bright?  Where are they resourceful, where are they all from Delhi, they are number one in all your parameters and now we keep talking about you people, sometimes Bihar Suppal District, sometimes your Ara Ballia Munger, sometimes your Basti.  Samastipur or this, we will not know which district is it. What is happening in Dantewada, Dantewada, Dantewada also happens, Di Ha Ji, Ha Ji, what is happening in Tezpur, what is happening in your Dibgarh, what is happening in Manipur, only Manipur.  If you are sitting with all the GKs, then yes of Manipur, yes of Imphal, tell me another city after Imphal, Dimapur would not even be known to you, if asked about Tripura at 99 then it would be Agartala.  Apart from this, you do n't know anything. Okay, if I ask you about Nagaland, then apart from Kohima, you don't know any other city. You know Arunachal, Itanagar. Yes, only Itanagar is known, what else is happening there. Assam is such a big state. No, I don't know anything about there.  I don't know everything about Delhi, I know about Delhi like this, yes, now she said, that leader has gone here, he has left this party, he is a minister, just eat all that footage, I am feeling pain today, so I feel like leaving. What have we done, stop using Delhi's content, stop consuming it, every day in the press conference, their leader said like this, today he said like this, I will only say that someone is useless, Delhi's politics is useless, now you will say, the people of Delhi are very angry.  I know it will happen to the people of Delhi, I know it, but if you understand the feeling of Guruji, what is the one feeling that brother, don't give so much weightage, you are sitting with two seven MPs, the world is sitting with a lot of things from where 48 MPs is. Maharashtra is coming in Maharashtra, if I ask you then Mumbai Pune Nagpur and tell me further city, no Aurangabad Latu, don't know where it is, do you know how big Maharashtra is, no, Vidarbha region is there, which districts come in which region, what is there?  -What issues are happening there? Have you ever wondered how six parties are formed in Maharashtra? Part A Part B NCP Sharad Pawar NCP Ajit Pawar Shiv Sena Sinde Group Shiv Sena  Uddhav Thackeray, rest of BJP and Congress are there, there are six and apart from that, if you count the parties then there will be six more parties and sporadic parties, what is its politics there, how is it for the country because Mumbai is the financial capital, what is there now? We should know what is happening in Maharashtra, so much GST comes out of Tamil Nadu, we should know what is happening in Tamil Nadu, we don't know about Anna DM 's DM and anything else, there are 2500 parties there.  Also, what is happening in Telangana, where is all this footage of the country, then Delhi has eaten up all the provinces of India on one side and Delhi on the other side because the news channel is here, the news channels have to be called out, brother, we will not listen to you only today.  On this day, I am telling you one more good thing to all the people who are my subscribers, I am telling you an opportunity to start a channel like mine, in any province, any language is yours, if it is vernacular language, then more.  It will be a hit. Any language is your Marathi, Malayalam, your Malayalam is Tamil, whatever it is, take out the politics of your local area. You will do a better job at journalism than anything else and people will watch. You can keep English subtitles. You can keep this. Or you can generally speak in your own language, you can also make two channels, now I will also try, I will also start speaking a little bit in English so that is the ultimate.  If English is typed then the audience of South can make some sense out of it that yes what is happening in the South should know what is happening in North the East should know what is happening in North North should know what is happening in East  Don't know, don't know, let me ask you, what happens in Bengal? So in Bengal, yes darling, maybe it comes in Bengal, Kolkata is the capital and where is Ascenso?  Which is 24 Parganas, you will not be able to tell the five cents of any province, everyone knows about Delhi, everyone knows about Delhi, Chandni Shou, why is this brother, why do you know, what is Delhi contributing like this, you tell me, other than being the capital, not here. This is how it happens, you are doing your own thing, aren't you? There is no water of your own in Delhi, there is no food of your own in Delhi, there is no electricity of your own in Delhi, Delhi is dependent on everybody else, just stop there.  It's okay that we reach here and then do some more stuff like this, free electricity, free water, free mohalla clinic, free, everything is free and free brother, free work is done by the free one, ok, free work is done by the free one and call me.  Then see the ultimate demography of all the presidents here and those who are contesting the elections, what will happen, otherwise are you against them? If this happens, then look at the condition of those provinces in which everyone has to come here and work. They have to do it, why do people have to come from there? Some journalist should go beyond that too, it's all as easy as do this here, do this, do this, do it like this, so I was a little anxious, normally I am a little  I try to make positive videos but I will leave you all with the positive end that this boycott is enough, my friend, not listening to you is now a test for the people of Delhi because this is also against the people of Delhi.  A little bit has been made, if you watch the video, it is not about politics, the people of Delhi are riding on two names, the one outside the house is fine, it is like two, do n't get trapped in two timings, brother, people of Delhi, stay on one side. I am giving advice, I am giving friendly advice, he could be from any side, look at his intelligence, earlier I used to call him intelligence that we will do it there brother in Haryana first.  They used to say that big elections are small elections but now the time has come that if not then this environment will become very toxic, even more than pollution. Life is 76 years, if you want to live for 86 years, then follow my advice and be on one side.  It also has to be clear, how can you be so confused? 7 and 646 or 64, what was the score? I'm like, do you guys know that one way here, one way here, one way here?  On the one hand, when you do this, you too will be taken for granted. You don't know who is your minister, who is resigning, who is your Chief Minister, who is running now, what is happening to you, you only know what is happening to you.  It will not work for you because you had set out to become a big star, so the people of Delhi will check now, I will also check in future also, I have some constituencies and some areas of some states where I will keep an eye on the results of the elections. If you want to know, I want.  I am also keeping an eye on you, see the population of the country will be 543 after voting everywhere and we will know the result but there are some things in it like many people have not followed the state election of Rajasthan that six MPs are sitting MPs.  If he contested for MLA and lost three, it means if the MP does not win the MLA election, that means some seats become interesting because they tell the direction of the country as to where the matter will go. There is one such seat in our Haryana. Rohtak and the key opens from there, there is some secret in every state of that state where the key to power opens from there, so it may be just one seat but it reveals many patterns like this.  There are seats in other states also, just as we can discuss them if you want, in your state and I want that now all the people who want to think at a higher level at the thought process level and talk intelligently, except this political Apart from the idea, I would also like, brothers and sisters, please write in the comment section, tell me which is the seat in your state, that the state is this, yes, this is the seat and because of this, it will be very interesting to see who wins on  That seat please write in comment section like and subscribe the channel share thank you very much