Hello friends, it is a very important topic, why Indians are not happy? Now the happiness index report has come again. Of course, there will not be many headlines because there are many other headlines, but once again Nataraj calls himself a champion and is stuck at the same number. So one way to react is that this is nonsense, it's just that they are all jealous of us, so how can Pakistan be ahead of us, we are ahead of Pakistan on 108. Hey, this is a nonsense report, this is one way to react, the other is to do a little introspection and try to tell some reasons due to which according to me, Indians are not happy. Tell me how much you agree and if you give that advice, follow it.  If you do this then perhaps the happiness index of the country can increase if you share this video with 10 fellow Indians, 10 all, 10 with 10, 10 with 10  With 10, there will be some percentage increase in happiness, this is my guarantee, okay, nowadays there is a lot of marketing brand running with my guarantee, we also follow those who are the biggest salesman, then it is better to follow them at number 126.  India is the fifth largest economy and is about to become the third largest, so why are we so far behind in the numbers here because if you look at the per capita GDP, it will be only this much, first of all, take this low self.  We travel with esteem that any political party politician comes and caresses our ego a little that now this has happened, now the respect has increased, now this has happened, if this has happened then it is only in him that he is ours, that is why we need the world. What is being seen in the world, this is the biggest recipe to stay away from happiness, we are born in our belief systems, our parents are running with funds, they are running with formulas, all that is flop, they need.  To change in 2024 Now there is no anchor with those funds The world moves That's why there is unhappiness Because there is a largest disconnect Plus one reason of unhappiness And this is that only an unhappy person can be controlled Happy person does not listen to anyone His  Look around, you will find someone who is half happy. Look at the small children running from here to there, running from there to there, they are happy.  They do not come under control and when they are given control, they control them until the parents make them like them, that is, factory settings which are human beings, all human beings are not Indians, all human beings are factory settings which God has given, no happiness. But until the screwdriver and this happens, do not leave China behind by doing so much work, Narayan Murthy should work for 70 hours. You are giving lions worth Rs. 230 crores to your grandson so that he does not work.  We have to do this, this is the problem, all our leaders are actors, if they are leaders, then you are elder, it is the elder's fault. When brothers and sisters fight, if brothers fight, then they are elder, so it should be the elder's fault. Why not the happiness index?  While discussing if the infrastructure has been made good, then the infrastructure has been made good, but happiness, mental mental happiness, what is happening about it, one more reason, now I will tell you that in our country, as long as free seeds are given to the farmers. That old pension will go, elections are fought on this basis, I will increase it by this much brother, you tell me, the person who takes money from free fund and can never be happy with his hard work because life expectancy is increasing in India and work is decreasing. In India, people are decreasing as a percentage of population. Despite the demographic dividend, there is nothing to do at 50. At 55, there is nothing to do. At 60, there is nothing to do and will live.  85 For 90 years, for 30 years we will keep discussing Mann Ki Baat and tea, will we just sit and take it out, will he take it out, will he do it, will the equation become like this or will it happen like this, is this unhappiness, is n't it?  You see in your house, of all those who are listening, who brings the most unhappiness in your house? Youngsters never bring unhappiness, those who have parted hair, or those who have it like me or those who  You are going on that path, this is the source of unhappiness, waste and waste do not let you live, if you don't get a job, if you get a job, it does n't seem good, if you get married, you are not doing well, according to us, you are not doing it, you are not doing this, brother, do this.  It was not fun. Your marriage is over. Your sister did not say Namaste. It is not fun. We are not being respected. There is no respect in our marriage. If you come to India then you will see that now. We are at the bottom in the unhappiness index of India. If you look at India too, if you look at South, North, here, there, if you look into it, you will realize that there is a lot of unhappiness in North India, yet it is mature and better.  Wherever I am giving hints again and again that unhappiness means fear, fear is unhappiness because no one can live in fear, this is our unique case, this is what is happening in the country these days.  The majority is afraid of the minority, so no one should be afraid, nor should the minority be. In a democracy, which is our constitution and which is our system, our system has been there for so many years, in fact no one should be afraid, this is the guarantee of the government.  That all the citizens will remain equal but here everyone is afraid, when the majority is afraid then the minority is automatically afraid or if it is afraid then we  Everyone also becomes afraid. Everyone is afraid only when there is fear. Can anyone remain happy within the fear? You tell me and fear is the fear of the mind, it is the fear created by force and then it is also a trade to some society, to some country, to some community.  If you want to ruin someone today, teach him to hate anything, then what is the point now, all his energy will go towards that hate, where will he work and unless a man works, he will not earn money, he will be happy.  Ca n't live, look at GDP per capita, that is your happiness index. Why is GDP per capita less? People are doing odd jobs and earning odd money. Real estate look at where it has gone. How expensive are they becoming in the stock market, still GDP is higher.  But the capita does not seem to be a rocket because half of the country does not work at 70-80. This is a woman so will not work. This is an elderly person so will not work. This is a child so will not work. They are preparing for the exam.  That's why he won't do it, he's not enjoying the work, that's why he won't do it, if he's not getting work here, then Lat Saab won't go there, that's why he won't work, everyone has 15,000 reasons for not working, see how many exams they prepare for in 20 to 35 years. Where will the GDP per capita come from? Where will happiness come from? Which person can be happy while preparing for the exam? Tell me, no, I will get a job one day. One such person happened after failing in 12th.  12th failure comes and wastes 5 crores, no, he was a poor man, that Varun Grover one was made, see the one which was released later, the reality of life, the movie, the fact is that it is a recipe in India, many people in India like it.  The advantage is that by keeping you unhappy, a parent will tell you, ' Yes, these are dark things. Brother, mother-in-law can never tolerate the happiness of her daughter-in-law, because mother-in-law herself was never happy, because mother-in-law is also sometimes a daughter-in-law.  This system has been going on for a long time, many people come to my consultation, what is the problem with them, yes, he is our son, he is a very cool Maula, he is not serious at all, this is very I say madam, this is the purpose of our life, yours  So life will be successful if one's children are relaxed, happy and enjoying life. Then what else is the purpose? How will we push back China? Then yes, we have to push China back. We are born Indians, we are born in China.  If it is okay to push back, then start keeping all the names like this. A hero has been born who will defeat China. Now he will work for 80 hours and by 2090, we will push China back. Is the country going to push China back? Does China have its own interests?  The situation is going on in England, those who ruled over us are wandering in depression, the addicted public is fine, then the region is its biggest, this yearning and this yearning, the politicians, brothers and sisters, will not let it end, yours should not let this happen.  Go as it is, you can do whatever it takes, why are you treating us like this? People here don't understand this one thing, people say that when your big leaders say no, I work so many hours, they destroy everyone because they An average Indian man works, when he goes to buy vegetables, that is also work, making the child do homework, that is also work, taking parents to the hospital, that is also work, he is stuck in traffic.  there is work too and this  They are big leaders, they are top leaders, neither do they get stuck in traffic, nor do they bring vegetables, nor do they take their parents anywhere, nor do they do anything, and then they eat bread by crying that we have left the family, so we will eat bread there too.  They will eat even the bread of their work and then they will do the same to you, then they say that there is no happiness and they say leave happiness, we have to take the country forward, what is the country, what is the 35 crore Indian family and the country, if the family is not happy then what is the external country?  Agency is some external thing, will you serve Ma Bharti? Who is Ma Bharti? Ma Bharti is a woman of India, empower her, women empowerment, but middle class women do not work everywhere. What they call art is just for show.  Brother, I have made this here, I have made this here, then something happened, interrupt, interrupt, interrupt, tell me, now we will have to move ahead, save my daughter, educate my daughter, then in front of that, very nice daughter.  Save your daughter, educate yourself, what is it now? If your daughter has studied, now where will she do something? Where is the job done? What are the rules and regulations that suit her? Where are you able to do it? If you are able to do it then tell me India within your US.  Female work participation is complete, there are 50 but exactly 100 people, so it is almost equal, Pakistan has more than us, Bangladesh has more than us, why don't you take out these numbers, are you comparing us with Pakistan, Pakistan is hey.  Brother, there will be such a failed student in economy, I agree, but that failed student is also ahead of us in many things. Will you open your eyes or not? Or will you say this? No, no, I was better in Maths than him in Science, so brother, you are better in English.  If you are coming short then accept that somewhere your numbers are short, accept that somewhere your numbers are less, why are they less, address it, then the first way is in Pakistan, no one fights for their politicians there.  There are also political parties, elections are held, it is their mutual relationship, but it is not like that, this one is like this, this one is like this, this one is like this, it is not like this, it will not be this much, but not as much as us, here you have against anyone, hey, tell me one thing tomorrow.  There should be some system, it is okay if I have the proof of voting. I have voted for this party and now I can show my vote and we can only cast one vote. Now, after showing my vote, can I speak against it? brother you will make a bonfire  Many people say, you are against this, you are against that, hey brothers, you can't open your mouth against someone, ca n't you say this after voting for someone, it can be bad or because of that, you can't go to accountability daily, brothers and sisters, when the exam is in school.  When we used to study in India, I don't know what they say nowadays, but there used to be unit test, then the course exam, then the half yearly exam, then the final exam. There were tests many times, or it used to be that we would meet only after a year.  Only after 5 years or in between, no one will say anything, no one will ask, brother, don't ask about it. As long as we common citizens keep fighting for politicians, we cannot be happy in this country. We do not stand for any politician.  You have to take your own, see who you want to see. You came into politics, you have to seek votes from every politician whenever someone collides with you. If anyone collides, tell him, tell him what did you do for me, neither did you build a road there nor did he build it there.  Nothing has gone, hey, what is the use of me being there, I do n't go there otherwise it is the benefit of the country, you live in the country, tell me what have you done to me, this way it will be selfish, oh this is what all the people want this stupid narrative.  You make politicians such that politicians run away in fear when they come to the public and say no, what about me, yes, I got a job, no, what happened to me, no, what about health care, why are school fees high, why are school fees high?  please tell me  If he builds infrastructure then why does n't he charge toll tax and lives are lost, brother, where you build one thing, tell me one thing, listen, you are the contractor of the country, those who need work, the country needs roads and this money is earned by the public through hard work and then you pay taxes. Beyond that you also take toll tax, if you buy a car, then you take road tax of the car, you take GST, then you take all the charges on it, a car worth Rs 10 lakh is taxed at Rs 25 lakh because of the taxes, you will drive that car on petrol, beyond that you  There are taxes, then some contractor comes and makes something from all those taxes. So, I made it, I made it. Did you bring your uncle's money? Have you invested your uncle's money or uncle's money? Brother, this village itself is an agency.  We selected because we had to do business, you were sitting idle, there was nothing to do, you became a leader in life, now you go and tenders are passed. In the system, if a contractor takes something and makes something, then how much should we praise him because this  He was being cheered again and again, he was not able to do that, he was the one who looted the money, flog him, remove him from the power, but why should we keep performing Aarti for just one person, he will say that I have made him an IM, some will say that I have made him an IT, some will say.  If you tell me to do this, even the British will come and say, 'Hey, we built your railways, we built your bridges, we built this bridge, half of the British laws are still burning, they will also take credit in the future, I built this college, yes, I built this Shimla'  I had built Mussoorie, I had built this particular city, Kodai Canal, we had built this, he too should come and take the credit, before that and those who had come before, say yes, Taj Mahal, we had built this, this one had built you, you are earning so much money from Taj Mahal.  Yes, who made it, why are you giving importance to them, these people will keep coming and claiming, be angry with them, be constantly unhappy with them and be happy in your personal life, people will be named by them.  They became fans by clapping, Hey, these film stars come, I am his fan, I am his fan, I am his fan, South India has more craze for North Indians, Bollywood has become a little less lucky athletes, something keeps fighting among themselves, Prabhas's movie release. With this, Shahrukh's stingy Salaar has become yours, mine is useless, why brother, is the money going into your account, whether it is Dinky's and his or Salar's, they are earning their own money, you bastard.  You are fighting over them, you do the same thing in politics, earlier you used to do it in this, now you do the same thing in this, now IPL will come, you have become a fan of RCB, you have become a fan of that, hey brother, how can you take it?  Whatever this nonsense comes, say that we are not happy with you, no, but we have done so much, say that there is still nothing, Dil Maange More, but we have removed that article, this has been removed, which B has been removed, a little bit has been removed, tell the whole thing also. But that one has been made very good, it is a good thing but now make more, make the other one also, make two more which are left, make those too, make them there and make them here too, we are nothing but that train will come there, I am a train, not Ahmedabad Mumbai travel.  If I do, then why are you making me a hero, not for me, but for you too, the railway station will be built here, it will be built here after 18 years, not happy, not happy, I am not happy, behave like the poor, the poor of India are still a little happy.  It is the middle class that is causing the most unhappiness and even more so as uncle ji, it is the people above 50 years of age who are the most unhappy because half of them do not have a clean stomach. There is one more reason for the stomach.  It is not clear in the morning, say, I am having sex with yes. Politics, this is that the stomach is not cleared, it will cause constipation unless they have a similar program, sexual dysfunction and other reasons which again.  Because of this stress, a lot of men are facing sexual dysfunctional issues and instead of addressing them by going through sexology, all the people in their life, especially when they reach senior positions, will say, neither will I do it myself, nor will I be able to do it myself, nor will you.  I will allow you to do. Are you wondering what things will I allow you to do? This is also the biggest problem of unhappiness, but no one discusses this and does not even make an issue of it. Why not sexual health? Makes an issue but now people are coming like this, they are not even family members, there is no alternative, go to the entire state, all of them are unmarried, if the upper and lower ones go left and right, then who will talk about intelligence, wisdom and consciousness?  One is awakening, if you look everywhere, you are seeing the same thing and the same thing is being talked about. Hey brother, when you talk about these things which are not connected with life and do not give happiness, then there will be only unhappiness because the nonsense of superfish literature.  They are talking about this, we have got this event done, yes, we have got this event done, yes, which event is this, it just happened in Delhi, G 20, we have got this done, this is the kitty patti of big countries, like women play in the upper middle class or today.  Today in your house, today in your house, your time came, you did it, so what happened, and if you have to eat so much bread of the event, then Neeta and Bajni should eat it, organized such a grand ceremony worth Rs. 1245 crores, he said  I got the event organized, I got the event organized, so tax payer's money was spent, people came, ate and went to the gym, then what did it mean, the meaning was that you take mileage of everything, friend, the meaning of very many things now.  Brother, I want to tell you about the clock and the politician has to account that the clock will strike 12 and then he will take the credit. Understand my point, it is a clock. Time keeps moving like this in the clock. 24 is completed in 12 hours and then again again. 12 hours 24 hours When it strikes 12, they say look, it's 12:00, look, and when it strikes 6:00, someone like us asks, it's 6:00, is it your negative publicity? Well, won't it be 6:00?  Are you crazy? It's 600 o'clock, so what is their fault or what is our fault? It was 12:00 o'clock, so what was your greatness? So something was about to strike, it was about to be 12 o'clock, something had to happen, something had to happen and it was good and it happened, so you took clapping in it, so why don't you let me flog the thing which was negative, no, don't speak like this.  There is an army of trolls, they tell me everything, that's why in astrology one has to wear red like this. Do you know whose color red is? It is the color of Mars. Wearing this t-shirt like this gives courage, otherwise I would have to wear red just a few days ago.  Now! I made some videos, the channel is getting very good appreciation, you do n't have the courage to take my name, why do I have to take the Paramvir affair, do I have to take it in this, without taking name, you are not able to understand and without taking name, you  If you are not able to understand then you are a stupid butch and nothing can happen to stupid children like that. Well, it means that if you are not able to understand these things then brother, this is the problem. You have made Badru Rashid.  One  You are turning towards the man and then asking, isn't this true, Badr Rashid, this is Dhruv Rathi, he is Badr Rashid, hey Dhruv Rathi, he is not my friend, I don't like him anyway, but brother, he is also Badru Rashid.  No, it's okay, it doesn't mean that if that person does anything, if someone is doing these things, such actions will happen throughout the day, the girlfriend will walk on whatsapp-web and go away, she will have a heart break, she will be afraid of money, she will become interested in money.  fear bad health We deal with all these fears, they come to us in our life but when we live in constant fear, in constant fear and this fear which is not even real, is not even connected to our life, then if you look at it like this  No, I don't know what is happening in India with mobile phones and when you roam around in them, you go out, now after listening to this video, you go out, okay, you go out after listening to this video, look, it is such a beautiful and lovely country, nothing is happening.  Enjoy, eat food with love  Talk with love, the way things are done in the streets, do everything nicely, but everyone has seen this content and on the contrary, they get angry like this, then people have become like this and relatives, shoot friends, friendship gets broken 100 times.  There has been so much discrimination and fighting in the relatives due to political idol ji. Which one will you be happy with, brother? Why have you taken the contract? You can do whatever anyone wants, friend, that is the big one.  GDP is growing at 6 per cent, anyone will do the same, Tom Dick and Harry but this may happen in his affair, this may happen, this may happen, see, in 101 years, our country will become that, okay wise, these are the things that everyone understands.  Will start coming in, but before that, the atmosphere of fear is being exploited a lot, so brother, there can be no happiness on that day, India is happiness, earlier also India was like this, oh even earlier also the buses were crazy, they were useless, even today all are like this.  They are like this and will remain like this in the future also because it is a simple thing, if any new person wants to come into politics, you see what happens to him, after 2012, no new party has been formed in that party, the old leaders leave their party.  He makes a political party, does not speak, starts up with Green New Idol ji, eat that, you will have to join these parties, all these programs are similar, so you may get a little detached, Indians bhai, do it for you and that.  Many times it is said that like they used to do in Rajasthan, even today Rajasthani people like me, once this, once this, once this, once this is fine, in Haryana, although earlier it was 10 and 10, now look, I don't know what will be the result. In many states one does not even use one's mind. In Kerala perhaps one does not use one's mind. There is an exception there too. Karnataka too is probably like this. Okay, there are many states in which one does not even use one's brain. Okay, they are like this, they are like this, they are like this.  it works fine then that  There are other such idol statuses, again it is because of ideo ji, but the fact is that constant constant fear, constant engagement where you have, you are made to think, inflation is listening to you and is destroying the happiness of India.  I am fine because those who talk about inflation are bundles of LPG cylinders, no one knows economics, no leader knows, I have reduced the price of your LPG, above this  They are sitting with so much economics, OK, LPG, they think that by reducing the number of LPG cylinders, inflation will reduce or they have done so. Inflation is also aspirational and the one who is hurting the most is whoever is the Prime Minister, be it the Chief Minister or the leader of any political party.  Whoever wants to be a Finance Minister, he does not talk about school fees because poor people study in government schools and no one talks about the middle class.  Who has never received anything before, nor has anyone asked now, is this like Abdullah, Abdullah is crazy in a foreign marriage, this is a saying, it is okay, like him, we keep roaming everywhere by force, yes, we are with you, hey, is anyone giving you anything, are you?  You simply ask what is there for me nothing then don't waste my time go thank you very much no no but we will do it like this the country will be done ok what should we do how many lakhs are these  People are leaving behind, those with money are leaving, they are becoming fed up. Now when these rich people will go away, the country will remain like this. Whoever gets a good position goes out like this. Even today, India has had so many years of independence.  How many years have passed since it was 70 77 years? The biggest achievement is to go out of India. Leaving the country is considered to be the biggest achievement. Canada's is yours, UK's is yours, US is yours.  It's like Australia is going to Australia, Australia is considered an achievement, so when you are in this situation, then what happiness are you looking for here when leaving the country is considered the biggest achievement. This is the truth of the middle class, isn't it? Otherwise, tell me, when leaving the country seems to be the biggest achievement, brothers and sisters, then what are you talking about, why this question is not being asked, why are people leaving the country, some are coming and some are coming, how many?  How many are coming and how many are going? Tell me the data. Tell me the data of the last 10 years and 15 years. If there is no census then it is okay with you. In 140 years there has always been a census. In 140 years there has always been a census. Now three months of 2024 have passed in this country.  There will be 25, how many we are, it is not officially known and while how much data can be collected today in statistics, then what about happiness index?  What will you do when you don't know whether the numbers you are sitting with are real numbers or fake numbers? People look at the GDP figures like this and say, "Dude, it doesn't seem so close to you, as it happens many times, no child, how many numbers do you have?"  Hey 92, it sounds like 92, otherwise it should also make sense. Man, what kind of negativity are you creating? Hey brother, look at the rise of real estate, rise of stock market, rise of GDP, rise of consumption of coal. Kanjampatti has been consuming, now I will make it absolutely technical like Akshay Srivastava makes a video, I will have to make one and a half like that to tell that brother is not matching and Nana Bhai, if you want to cheat, then do it properly so that you can also read and write.  If you get trapped, then how are you considering this casual tie to be an imitation? It has to be like that if this is to be done then it should be done, it is not adding up and that is just adding up.  Friend, take out 3-4 months and then once June comes, make it 4th June. Somehow, it will be seen after 4th June, so if some people do such 4th June, then brother, where will happiness come from? There should not be any contract for the general public, which will  You have to vote, vote, don't be so worried, you can vote only once, there is division within every family as to whether I will vote for this, I will vote for this, earlier people used to unite locality wise, colony wise, district wise that this is the state, so vote here.  Will he do this? Now the division of politics has reached the family level, so when division has come within the family, then brother, do n't give so much importance to politics, friend, don't break your friendship on politics because I am talking about this, I am talking about that, everyone is crazy. All are 192, some are 19, some are 20, some are 19 here, some are 20 there, some are 19 there, there are 20, all are like this, all are just like that.  Don't give them so much importance, treat them like a servant because they are your servants. It is very good if they are treated like servants and speak to them about your genuine issues so that they speak. Talk about mental health. About sexual health, I started doing middle class middle class youtube4 I believe that it is not about the fact that the subscribers are not 10 crores, nothing happens with it.  If the system has to be removed, it is a big balloon and there are so many needles, it is about the vibes that what the public is thinking and every leader, remember one thing, no matter which party you belong to, if you are a politician and at any level, then there are a lot of things.  Leaders are intelligent. I am not questioning their intelligence in the sense that how they can know you and manipulate the situation, I am not speaking for your good in that sense.  For this, there is a baavali booji for you, they are not bad, how should we remain in power, how should we tell the stories and keep telling and how should we remain good? Bhalo is a Haryanvi word, I hope you guys will be able to do it in Hindi or someone can do it in English, Haryanvi fellow, Haryanvi.  It is okay that we keep it for the good of the public, read anything Tuntuna, read Jhunjhuna, this one is crying, give this, give this, Ghana is crying, Ghana is crying.  If you slap me then he is crying more then it is okay and the rest of us all remained sitting in devotion like this, this is how it happened, it felt very good, this was a wonderful function, what is Band Baaja Baaraat, what is Band Baaja Baaraat, the country, should it be like this, brothers and sisters?  If you praise the band, praise the bell, then Nita Ambani ji is a topper student. The way she performs functions, no one in the world can do the same. Those whom she calls, no big presidents call.  If we could bring them all together under one stage, then he became the biggest one, he did this function, he did that function, here it happened like this, there it happened like that, earlier there were less singers, now more singers have come, this is the only difference, so these bands waja All the politicians in the wedding procession are there who are only interested in the function and can be used only in speaking. In every system, communication skills are very important but they say that you are only interested in happy words, speak in Haryana.  Rahe to sukhi bata ki kab tak khilaoge That is the message All are the same Don't fight over them If you keep fighting over them You will be unhappy You will be unhappy You are the country The Smollett unit of family is the Smollett unit of society and society is country  A country is not a tree or plant, it is a country, its citizens are okay, so the citizens live in a family.  Families are not happy than the country can't be happy. This is the message. Subscribe to the channel. Do share this video. Do share. You will see people while walking, in the bus, you will see them at the airport, you will see them at the park, you will see the whole half, you will see half of them somewhere.  From somewhere this realization will come that I need to detach every time you are in this video and at the end of it you feel like putting some strong message that you  Why is he speaking like this, check check, why is he so close, he is so close to his brother, he is so close to his mother, he is so close to his father, he is so close to us, he is his own too, if there is so much pain then why should there be so much pain against any political party?  If someone says that you feel that if my father speaks against my father, then there is something going on that you can't be happy, it's okay, you will be happy but you will not get happiness. Concentrate on your family. What is happening in this?  Your personal life, work hard on yourself, don't work hard for the political parties, don't become there for free, look at this thing, if they are giving you lakhs of rupees per month, which is given to many people, then their IT sales people are getting lakhs of rupees. Then your karma is done, then I will not be judgmental, then come again and troll, do the opposite, write straight, write ideally, morally, ethically, in my opinion, this is a wrong thing.  Not a business or profession which will give you happiness in life but still I can tell that the sinner is doing this for his stomach, he is giving money to write something, so come on, this is a different thing.  So that is but it is made for free and you are sitting for free. If you are sitting for free then brother, you will not be happy then please share and like. Thank you very much.