Hello friends, White Tax are Hi Inner Country, we will discuss it well, okay in this I will tell my own theory and I do not think this theory has ever been told on any platform, I have not read the story but heard the story, you guys tell me that it is completely original.  Then first praise the original and then if the plagiarism seems fine or understandable or agree to it, then tell me. I would also like to share all this with you guys and for that, I have started a telegram group.  I have given the link in the comment area, please join, so that such polls can be conducted there so that the content creators can know about their status, whether I am becoming a big Guruji in my life or I am doing something.  I am fine because the date is very important, it is not like it is going on one side, it is fun for you, it is okay to see, it is more than the tax, the middle class is traveling in India, we all know, okay, this is something new  It is not a thing, why is it more, can there be some agenda behind it because the political party is not talking about reducing it, because if it reduces it then it will be shown that the party is special and that the leaders are with special rich people. And the vote bank of the poor will go away, is it just lipstick because this is first order thinking, so first order thinking seems to be that brother, if someone says reduce the tax, then it is for the middle class or the rich because the people.  middle class  I don't even know the definition of 'The one who pays tax is middle class', it does n't give test in lower class, so if you are middle class then people consider you rich and if you are paying tax then you are rich because all rich and poor are also relative.  Is n't this also a problem and you are working for Rs 15 lakh, you are working for Rs 20 lakh, 25 lakh in a year, so you are middle class, people are taking urine from the top 10%. Hey question, people have messed up, what do you understand?  I have taken this middle class video for the first time on YouTube, after that many people copied the content but now it is a good thing, I am proud of it from my other channel for 2 years, if you have not subscribed then please do so.  People know that I was the one who brought it on YouTube, even the big YouTubers did it and the good thing is that he came up with one word, what is the biggest problem, people think that it is India from here to here, so it is like No brother, this is middle class, what you think is top class, maybe this is the tip of the nail, it is not so much, middle is the end of this caste and this saree, on these terms of income, people would have distributed it evenly because 60 thousand 70 thousand 80  The person who earns a thousand does n't want to consider himself to be lower class because he speaks good English, wears smart clothes, his mobile is late, his father has been an officer, he has been there and he thinks that he would be middle class. I also have a wife who is no less, I also have two children, okay, but I will get it, that is wrong, okay, so let's talk about tax, what could be the reason for higher tax, this is the first thinking, is this the reason?  It is possible that if I keep taxes high in the country then people will not want to pay taxes and if they do not want to pay taxes then the country will remain black and there will be a parallel economy and the politicians and people in power of black economy will drain the corn.  are  Whether you are taking it out through a tanker or you have built a pipeline, it is not known because the entire transaction of the white economy is known, the funding that is given to the political party is fine after making it so that its data will go to this data.  Only then will we know if you are understanding, there must be some reforms, otherwise keeping this high tax is beneficial for the politicians because if they do lower taxes, then the blacks in the country will be reduced, but if the blacks are reduced then the quality will be reduced.  What is the benefit of life and you have to make it an election issue of 2024. Brother of the middle class, we need the slab below which the party will lower and put in its manifesto, we will vote for that. Some have made this free, some have made that free.  The middle class is not getting the benefit of Rs. 250, your taxis are going, now big people are coming to make arguments in this, so I am also making you people like the intellectuals. Hey, the interaction tax is also very high, even the poor are also poor.  So the tax that pays on my phone is indirect tax and you can see the direct taxes which are there, they are equal but the middle class brother is paying directly as well as indirectly. The poor have to buy Parle ji worth ₹ 2. So it is not considered as tax but the middle class takes ₹ 20 worth of tax, eats ₹ 200 worth of biscuits and pays tax on whatever it does, first of all you understand that it is a land. A builder Bhai Saheb went to a land and bought the land, then the government took the money for the registry, then this Bhai Saheb said that there will be a change in the language, he will pay the money for it, then he started building a house on it, then he gave external development charge, then internal development charge, then he  It was made, then GST was given, then GST is given on everything, if GST is to be deducted from you and after that when this customer booked this flat by saying 'Musaddilal' and took it, then when he booked the flight.  So, all the taxes were taken from the builder, so ultimately it was the government, not the common man, so the builder will take his own profit margin, he will take it from everyone, after that brother, when he got it registered, he goes to the tehsil and then he is paying eight percent.  The builder takes the full listed plate, we pay the sir tax, after that the circle rate is the same, so he has done it, if after 4 years he also sends the flat to me, then I am paying the history money again. Government to Government, the price of this flat has not been more than what it was in 20 years. Is it government class? Where will it go baby? I give you clarity. Hey brother, the next party has gone, the next one is like this, so its cap is his head, his cap is his head, his cap is his.  What is happening is that whose big party is headed by this person, she is roaming around to find a place there, many people of Delhi do not want to take it, how will they pay it, first of all, there is Capital Gen Tax up to ₹ 2 crores.  He is adjusted, there is property in the form of two names, that is on top of two properties, so many people can be adjusted in the same way, you are getting brother-in-law force, you buy nonsense builder floor in Gurgaon, where people do not have immunities, there is nothing, then Someone said, brother, you had to come here and live like this in a normal colony, in a normal sector where dogs sit in front, so I am late in my Delhi, why are you coming in the middle of the road, why is this great happening?  Everything is there, look at Gurgaon and Saree Party. Ultimate party is in power, someone has to come, alliance has not come, one N has come in 10, 209 sarees will come whenever they say that because what happens is, one party will reduce one party to reduce it.  If you give pulses then the other party will give it itself, these bikes are gone, we are for the rich, why should I write for the poor man, we can force everyone like this, middle class is middle class, whether it is from Bengaluru or Chennai.  Be it Hyderabad or Delhi's Jai Gurgaon 's chair, Lucknow's Jai Jaipur's story, it may be the story of any state, Chandigarh Mohali, any small middle class needs you, adopt less and say, hello hello political party, your manifesto is being made, we are giving it to you. We are the middle class, when the corporate tax rate goes up to 25%, then do I, you and I pay 30% tax, 32% tax, but the government 40% because if someone pays this much tax, then he is a  Now from this comes my second theory, charge so much tax that some people leave, you tell me this Hello friends, I am doing it Hello friends, I can do this even by sitting in Dubai, this chair which is this story is also a tick power.  Is anyone doing it in Germany also? One of my brothers is doing 12th. Hello friends, do that story also, many people can go for whom I am not doing anything physical here, I will make a video on that too. Despite so the match was made high. this can go friend  Tell me, if your corporates employ you, then tax them more, if you tax them by Rs. 20, then the employment will be flooded. Show big, Hajj brother-in-law too, Nanny correlation between decreasing of corporate tax of Aa. If you reduce the tax of the company, then the bottom lines will increase.  The market will increase, I can make money from there also, I am also an investor, I am invisible in business, it is good for your economy, I am this  No, I'm not a corporate person, don't do that here, let's pay less for the corporates, I am a corporate person and should reduce taxes, should pay 25 to 15% of the corporate pay, forgive the startups and do everything, but I should also reduce ours.  Don't need this problem, if you like, if you subscribe, it will be made, then quantity will be visible. Made a video, tell a philosophy, but you gave this pulse, tax in India, need you less Dr.  Please listen to this video Those who should cry are not force de politicians We have to enter in the manifesto What we will enter in the manifesto will be the syllabus of politics Politicians are very simple Kya aate hain bole hai bhai yeh hum karenge koi se sare bole bate  Okay, we will do this, then they do the same in the future and then they say, we did this and you vote for it on its basic basis, then brother, if your agenda has not entered here, brothers, sisters, family.  Know if it is not said then it is okay then you are not a family, you are my family, am I in the family and every person's family should be different, I think there will be some people for whom family is everything but it is a simple thing, friends, every political party.  A is the apple one, B is the bye one and C is the cat one. Take any party. Which parties are there from ABC? Neither will I take names nor will I love anyone nor will I be sad or angry with anyone. i attack  I will make it very polite and with love that we have to do what is our public's agenda. If people are happy with you, will they double their income? If you take a contract and do it brother, then I will double its income, not 10 times, but 100 times, brother. What about me?  If not what is mine, then thinking in the country's big, middle class is not less in the country's big, thinking in the country's politicians, leaders and all this we sit on is less than gold if our  If the country becomes short of gold, then we will keep thinking only this, then how will we do less business, how will we earn money, if you are short, every person in his family will become selfish, then how will the country run, it will run very well, every person will take care of his family.  Keep it, increase the GDP of your family and India 's GDP will flood. Your personal gain cannot cause harm to the country. No, I don't like it. Poor man, poor poor, he is worth nothing, he is enjoying himself, he is being a raw cat in India. 60% of the population has been checked. What is the meaning of cutting raw? Those people of Haryana will know and for the sake of them, we have to cut them more thorns, make them do all this more, give them diesel also, give them this too, give them that too, give them this too.  You are taking two sips from the window, you farmers love the land very much, but the land will go to Dwarka Expressway and the bananas will go to the bike, then there is no love for good crores, there is no relief for it, first of all this is [ __ ] and block of this farmer's Hajj.  You work out, my ancestors were also farmers, it is not that I have come from Switzerland, that is the capital list, if you follow me then I am saying that I am a farmer, what is a farmer and if you yourself do farming then yes, go and do farming for 5 days.  I also take photographs, if not I will give that too, so I am a farmer, fellow farmer, Sterling, me, a fellow Indian, who should not be taken to task, this is disguised employment, two people should be reduced, six people should be read, the tax is being sung that  He is an employee, he is not an employee, he should be expelled from India and also in the future, the agriculture doctor who came was demonetization, I want to give a lot of clarity on this too and if you listen to that clarity, you will understand it yourself.  The party is not for anyone special, brother, this is Guruji, the story from him will be that he is calling someone bawdy, ask Baahubali, something has to be reduced, we will not support him, we will tell what is happening.  First of all, if we give courage to the politicians to say no to anyone, then no one will do it, then the farmers will also do whatever they want by doing it in such a way that farmers are committing suicide, many doctors are also committing suicide. Data taken, government employees are also committing suicide, husbands are also committing suicide, there is a population in it, the suicide rate is as high as yours, if I look at the suicide rate according to profession, I think it is as high as the film stars and these TV stars.  They commit suicide according to the rate of how many there are and how many have committed suicide, so perhaps they are doing it the most, so give them some subsidy to TV stars and give to film stars that your brother, you commit suicide a lot.  Moreover, you are in great trouble, our heart is beating, do it like this, why not say, maybe it is okay to go to Rajya Sabha, but right now I don't want to go to Lok Sabha, so I will talk like this because someone has to do it, oh brother, if we all are poor.  were there  The poor had to be taken care of a lot, now the poor are not so many now that they have come here, they too have to be taken care of, you will keep taking care of them only, the one who will be taken care of, will become the country, your taxes are so bad, you people will leave you and go away.  Leaving the statistics, the next video will be Hi, we have to reduce taxes but even after this height access, if you brothers and sisters want to know that there are many benefits of living in the country and no one has given those benefits and as per the default setting  benefits benefits of nature  God of Nature, if it has any fire power, then I will tell you that, so please, if you want to know that, you are enjoying, then please write in the comment area, 'I want you to look at me, this is very practical and  It is realistic and our country has to get rid of these positive, negative and motivation demotivation issues and become realistic. All the countries that have gone ahead, we have to take our country forward, we sir are the only ones.  Don't do outsourcing, take yourself forward, we are the country and we have to tell our leaders in this manifesto, do n't make anything for me at home, when mom cooks food, she asks, "No, yes, you will eat carrot air, okay, what about you?"  There is nothing for me uncle, there is nothing for me, then the government is you and Mahi, neither when you come to the house with something, something for everyone, then if there are two children, three children, wife, family members or earlier there was a joint family.  When Grandfather used to bring it, everybody should be bitten, don't break it in such a way that brother, these are Nannu's only things, it's okay, it's the same thing, Ramphal's things are fine, brother, it's okay, it's okay to ask for greetings in the evening.  Brother, he is very fine, he will fix it, so when it happens in families too, it is not that it does not happen, crying is the only relief in those families where the father is the father and what is that affair, if the boy is crying, then stop crying.  Times Cry in front of you; Roll on Twitter; Roll on Facebook; Roll on WhatsApp; Roll on YouTube; Anda ka I do with you; look at us too; look at these brothers; look at them too; put our number on us too; our children also got something on the story.  Give us something, I will give you something, you take reservation, you take free electricity, you do it like this, you buy cylinders, you don't know the story, give more subsidy on pesticides, fertilizers and we will keep pouring poison in your stomach, the village will be poisoned.  in first  He used to say, brother, this is the wheat of every house, brother, this is the wheat of this place, I am the only one who is fat, this is what I have put on myself these days in my own house, this is what I am telling you as a fact, it is becoming poisonous, please tell the government.  Don't do this to everyone because the cheaper you make it, the uncle will give more when he is not paying for it, when he will study to pay back, then how much should be put forward on agricultural research etc. which also no one tells, otherwise it is not the institute.  Keep the ICC place open, keep the ICC place open, you farmers do not reach there and look at their salaries, look at the three-three-four-four-five-five lakh pensions of the intestines, what do they do, they give us a handful of pulses, there are a lot of pulses in India.  There was higher yield 200-300 years ago, how farming was practiced at that time, it is very important for us, please spread awareness.