Hello friends, the episode will not be number one, in the beginning I will give two in the disclaimer in the starting episode, after that I will not give it, you all will understand, neither I the devotees nor anyone else, it is okay, you will know because rice is not necessary for all the food. To see it raw, I will probably tell it to the audience in three-four days because people don't think that he will talk about anything intellectual, so the story is like this, that one will do it, it will be explained to you in the best way, so today's topic is that you hate politicians.  why do Why don't you like, why don't you like politicians in general? My audience is this middle class. I am addressing them, so why don't you like them? We will discuss what should be done and what should be done.  But I will tell him exactly, humble, the biggest thing is that we politicians are majority, if you talk in general, then Jains are detected from the middle class and then it is seen in the comments that these politicians are like this. Politicians have been poisoned, this is how it happens, the country will be clouded by the politicians, it is the politicians who change the country, but you want to be the one to whom the politicians give tests, the government is not talking about UPSC, take all the government jobs, government  There is a politician who is hated by everyone, he has become a government employee, madam, first of all, second thing, we talk to the politicians in such a way that you know how they speak, but to understand the pain, to understand empathy, to understand the people. Understand the problems of people, that they have the capability and abilities, no one in the society has that much, be it a doctor, be it a 19 year old, be it a corporate, be it a government employee or be it no one's, because they have to understand their pain and get votes for it and if they understand then  Otherwise, you cannot become popular in any politician. Let me tell you that they have extreme patience and preservation. You should not get irritated now by praising them so quickly. What should we do, I don't want such an audience, Jim himself is not patient and again not like this because this channel is either you are already ready or you will become one. If you want to meet any politician, you want to meet any politician in your local or  You can easily go and get it, you will have to stand in a queue, you will have to go through some procedure, but people are afraid to take their leave by bus but they are afraid to go to the politician and apply. This is a fact in India. Yes, one.  There is a middle class which has never met a politician, that is why this is why I am being what I do, concentration of politicians is also and I am very involved in politics in some way and D in other way. Okay, so I have to learn from them also, you also have to learn. I will tell you the inside story, episodes will be made, I will bring you people to one place, how to understand this game, first of all we will have to hate it, hatred is a very strong emotion and Be it normal, first of all, the politicians understand you very well and want to understand you very well, whereas the general public does not want to understand what it is, they just hate, hate or some narrative is going on, they want to go and do something about it, they do n't want to show it, friend. What is this creature of Indian Politician 2023? What is the game? How is it? Okay, so first of all, we will not have to hate, tell me one more thing, Politician's Unlikely Other Authors Profession Doctor Engineer Government Job As your  Experience increases, will they even get a Lok Sabha ticket, will they not get it, this is the situation in the party, they have to start from zero every time, if an election is lost then it will be lost, there are different types of topics in it, there are more issues of public transportation in it. At the society level, it is a matter of saying that at the individual level, I channel it, there is another reason for you people to hate them and not to sleep in their mother's house, that the middle class needs a secured life.  If you lose your job, you will see this politics or it is a very seeker's life - to drive out, to create noise, to go here and there, to hold rallies, to take photos, to meet people, to understand pain and suffering, and then whether you get votes, whether you get tickets, whether you get tickets, whether you win or not, then you get a lot of money -  They go a lot, you know, they spend a lot of money, you know who will kiss, it is not very favorable to me, what is the meaning of the offer of politics, taking something in life which is not yours, yes yes, plucking flowers in the public park early in the morning for worship.  is he  This is a good thing to give to your girlfriend, to put it on your own head or to listen to the story just like it used to be for someone who goes by train, buys a ticket for a 5 year old child, etc., sorry, etc. No, no, the politician does this.  Hey, the politician does it anyway, who am I to defend it? Like the public, you are the politician, every person in India is not aware of it, there is no line, there is no story, there is no story, there is some jugaad ( jugadwell) to get the heat.  Committee cost, you gave me something, I will give you something, so as long as the public wants something or the other, this kind of shortcut will remain like this. Why is there so much hatred in it? Is there any government officer in your family, so much corruption within the corporate sector?  Whoever is doing less for Lal ji, there is corruption there too, cement stones fall on the site, they show 100 dead, so he is talking about it in private, corruption in India is not like it is government, it is related to that.  There is corruption in everything, there is corruption even in the house. If a woman is hiding money from her husband, and conscious calorie is for the welfare of my children because this husband will give it to his parents, that is also corruption. Hiding the money, but what?  Have you heard the story behind what you are doing? Have you ever told yourself that I am doing it for the good of this person or everyone else does it? What is the difference in doing this? So you see that it is okay that I do so much and then their  Name Judgment  Got up because she is thirty-one, whose husband earns ₹ 1 lakh and gives her 30-35 thousand for household expenses. Out of 30, 35, 5-7000, her power is that much, her personality is that much, her budget is that much.  It is true that here more zeros are added to the budget, so that is an instant of corruption, this is a human India, neither do they get more opportunities, so it is not considered corruption.  Corruption should be reduced, but it is being reduced, don't make noise about it only on these people, so this much expenditure is definitely incurred on water, so first of all, my request will be the first episode because if we start from this point.  Will you say that this is only dirty, this is dirty only dirty, then many people, this suits a lot, politicians have the bill, you are the same politician, people love politics, so they can't come over the entry barrier. Adwise, even an illiterate person can become a barbarian. Anyone who has passed 5th or 10th class has to give IT exam. To become anything else, you need a degree certificate. To become a politician, you do not need one. So, when there are entry barriers, anyone can become one.  It is a fact that we can pamper you for all the elections. Sorry for the Rajya Sabha for the Lok Sabha, when there will be security for the Lok Sabha Assembly, if not, then we will win.  If you can pamper then still people do not go because it has been made dirty and who made it and shoots whom, what is inside it is that they are not less than you, here this will happen, that will happen, this will happen by WhatsApp and  By doing this you will cry till this point, you will not reach the story, there is no need to cry here, the colors change after seeing what is happening next, you will get clarity on this thing very well, I will leave this one, tell me how did you like it.  thank you very match