Hello friends, there is a video on who is the most neglected section in India, it is a very important video, there is also a video from the point of view of elections, I need your support, my core audience is the most neglected and unhappy section, which has no one, maybe only God  Apart from this there is no one else in this country who belongs to this class and that is the Indian middle class and I will prove this point, you tell me whether I have succeeded in proving this point as a social engineer, social scientist, social observer or not in this modern 21st century  There are no such thinkers. When you go into history, you get to hear about 17-18 big names in 16th standard. But nowadays there is no one. Everybody is trying to destroy someone forcefully or bring him down. Everyone's polls are separated. Listen carefully to what I am going to tell you. My core audience is the poor. They are not the most neglected. They all belong to the poor. And this stress which is coming in the middle class is the reason why I consider them the most unhappy and the most disenchanted.  I will say a lot of disillusionment, there is a proof of that in our country and it is visible and now I will prove it in the next four to five minutes, you can stop and pause the video at that time and write in the comment section what I have been able to prove.  My point is not that we know that our country has been in the chains of slavery for 800 thousand years, some say of the British 250 years, some say before that as well, I also say that it was a slave for 800-1000 years, but when we were slaves and we were oppressed  Someone used to oppress us or some other power was the ruler and we were slaves, even then we did not lose the zest for life, the proof of which was the increase in our population, people's desire to have kids, desire to get married, the institution of marriage, this thing became common in the middle class.  Now it is coming to an end, so if I think that the suffering of an average citizen in enslaved India was 50 out of 100, let's take a figure that he was insulted and humiliated.  We did not have rights, we did not have freedom, but there was an external force which controlled the country. It was a nuisance to the life of an individual due to which he felt oppressed and was unhappy and we were called slaves. Today slavery is controlled by the  The institutions, the country is free, which is a huge achievement. Democracy is a bigger achievement than that. I am able to make such videos. There is freedom of speech, freedom of rights and we have everything. The constitution is a great thing, but not Despinay. I don't want to get married.  No, I don't want to have children and this thing is increasing, this thing is increasing because there is so much slavery that if the index was 50 to 100 then these people have come to 80 to 90, they knew that they were slaves when  We were slaves, India was not independent before 15 August 1947, we knew that we were slaves, but now in 2024 we are free from democracy, but slavery is towards jobs, towards bosses and they have power  And this is a deep video, it can be long, but you have to understand that any deep and good thing cannot be told in 5 minutes by keeping a gun on a ray like this, O shorts, which is a small channel for those who are satisfied, who want to tell deep things.  I understand and if anybody in the society understands this and propagates it, I will try to tell the solutions as well and first of all let the problem be diagnosed whether there is a problem or not, each A B C party, three parties, if we take A for Apple  B for ball, C for cat, okay, A, B, C are all parties, all of them are poor farmers, poor farmers, poor farmers, poor farmers, hey, who is a farmer, who is not producing children, who is poor, earlier I used to say lower class, people used to feel pain.  So I will just say poor, simply poor, now whichever definition of poor you like, you can make your own, who is poor, today the poor will catch hold of any boy, get it done sir, you get it done, if it is happening then who is refusing, any poor person is refusing No farmer is refusing, no one is refusing from these sections, there is no dissolution of their life  I have the passion that I should get money, I should get some resources, something good should happen to me, he even has tantrums with the politicians, no one knows where the poor will cast their vote in this election, if you know then you tell me the vote of pan India middle class  But still you have a rough idea that yes, it is going to be put, there is no leverage at all, the middle class, the elderly people of the middle class are forcibly becoming leader, nothing is going well for their children, they are asking about your welfare, oh, forget it, he is not a hard worker Look at them, how hard working they are. Get impressed by praising the hard work of someone who is hard working. What has happened to your children? You are not a fool. Neither are you able to do a job, nor are you able to understand the job, if you are able to seem good then you cannot get married.  If you are getting married, you are not having kids, you are a conventional person, who has normal jest for life, what is the biggest thing in life, brothers and sisters, what is the biggest thing in life, somebody will say something or the other but the biggest thing is in life life it itself life it itself then life comes on its own  When a boy, girl, man, woman, male, female, man, woman come together and produce that life further, if the DNA of your brothers and sisters does not go forward, then the matter is over. DNA, we say, our body is destructible but our DNA is not destructible.  There is a DNA propagator and there is a middle class which is this, that Kizmuri, you know what has happened to the world, when they used to kidnap and take everyone to the slave country, burn everyone, kill everyone alive, then no one asked that friend of this country  How did I bring it Guruji, how should we produce children in a slave country, no one asked then, then someone will come, today's that was animality, now intelligence, conscience and consciousness has awakened, that is why now we have to give birth to a new child on earth, you know If it is, the carbon fruit is equivalent to cutting down 10 lakh trees. So what does this generation want to show, these stupid fools with their stupid ideas, many gurus have also gone, acharyas say that there is nothing wrong in saying something to yourself, there is a problem in saying the wrong thing to yourself  Someone may say something to you, someone may say how many inches your chest has, someone may call himself an Acharya, someone like us  Guruji said that anyone can adopt self style, someone can come and adopt it but you are not there, but beyond what is being said, there will definitely be a discussion on what is the quality of the thing, so anyone can say anything to himself, it's okay.  Everyone does branding according to their own way, it is okay, it is capitalism at the end of it, but what do you want to say that we will be the last generation who will spread our wealth in this world, we will not produce more so that No, I mean any man who is not producing children, for him, does he not use AC, does he not travel in ships, trains, cars, does he not have a carbon footprint, does he dispose his waste like that  There is nothing in renewable energy, sir, there is nothing, changing clothes everyday or not having children is beyond your capacity, you do not have the strength to do so because you have become slaves of your lifestyle and you know that we have not become poor, poor.  Lifestyle not a slave, in the house of a poor man broom comes your broom and mop utensils which  No one comes to her house, to do this she works in her house herself, she is not a slave, what more should I insult the middle class, if you say that friend you are middle class, you are middle class  I tell you that you cannot take leave for five months, forget six months, even six days. All these maids take leave for six months and go away, they are not worried that they will not get the job again, you take a break, a subtle sabbatical, a subtle woman who is listening to me She cannot bear a child because she knows that nothing will happen again, so she says that if I do not want to have children then I will not even get married because if I get married then probably my mother-in-law will say that she will do this, this has become a problem of the middle class  The most stressed is the middle class. The middle class needs to come out and tell these politicians. As I was saying in the manifesto, it will not cost money that they should give us freedom from some institutions so that our jobs are protected and we can work. be protected and so  This is such a sucking job, and on top of that, there is the stressful job, and the parents too, you kids who are listening to me today who are in their 20s or 30s, your parents also used to work, they too  I was middle class, ask them if I had ever used so many eloquent words in my life, was it like this, GI was not working, children were not growing, work was not getting done, a child, a man used to easily buy a house in his job, a car and a bike were also available  Schools also used to be ruined the most, like I have different channels, I have a political channel, but I also tell you about other things, I talk about jobs, I talk about mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, I talk about real estate I am my guru, I talk about astrology in simple astrology, everything is linked, I tell you that today the biggest expenses for the middle class are children 's education and second is rent or buying real estate and this  Both of them are linked to real estate because when real estate is so expensive to buy then rent  It increases and when that land increases, the school will also grow on that land and the proprietor will also earn money. If you open a new school today anywhere for 15 acres, 20 acres, sorry, 15 crore per acre, 25 crore per acre, 40 crore per acre, now the school owner will charge fees on that land.  Neither the salary of the teachers is very good nor the education is good, the fees are high- end and there is no job placement anywhere, so the middle class today is neither able to buy a house nor is able to buy one, those who have bought a house are not able to get married and have children because these expenses are fixed.  Those who had planned to have two children are having one; those who could not muster the courage to have one are not even getting married now. This is the situation here, the government will have to step in, education will have to be capped, brother.  If in this city, the government officials get the same HRA, then the government should give the same children education allowance to the government officials. The government has a benchmark, the government gives it to the government officials. The fee should be the same.  It should not be too much or else if the allowance is increased then it will increase  The government cannot, no one should come because why would it increase it because the government employees are middle class, you are paying fees to the middle class government employees, giving allowances 00 two 00 and the fees of the children are charged in big cities 177000 18000 200  There is so much mismatch, why can't you put a cap on it? First of all, at least put a cap on the school fees. If you want to give subsidy, give subsidy. These government schools have been opened for poor children and the biggest  This is a scam type thing that reservation is kept even in big schools, this is the worst thing that has been done, because of this either the schools are expensive or they are government schools, in between there is what is called a five star hotel or brother it is a completely dhaba ready  There is one star, two star, three star, four star school in the middle of the education system, there are no schools, either they will suck everything here and when it comes to school, this is what happens with the middle class, if I don't give good education to my child then  There is no good education anyway, it costs more money  Good education is already missing, it is missing from this country and with that education no one is reaching anywhere, so this disillusionment that has happened in the middle class is saying why do the children go but the politicians do not pay attention to this Because the vote bank is not that large, the vote bank is of the farmers, the vote bank is of the poor, what do they call the tribal vote bank, the vote bank is of those living in small areas, gather them all together and see how much their contribution is to the GDP.  And I add chilli to the middle class, listen carefully, you have to chant slogans anyway, why don't you get angry and sit and take 5 thousand oaths from them, this is what I am saying, this is the A B C E part, there is no free electricity,  There is free water, there is no LPG cylinder, even today in our country if you reduce the price of LPG cylinder by 100 then it is a big thing, it is a great thing, you have done a great job, it does not matter to the poor, he drinks so much liquor in Rs.  The only difference is that if it is reduced then the poor man will get the money that his wife was saving Because for many years LPG cylinders were not used in India because there was no money, India was poor, that was because most of the women were dirty men, I will consider men as dirty, when it comes to women's rights, he will drink his liquor  He would smoke bidi, he would smoke cigarette, he would smoke everything but he was not ready to give the cylinder to his wife, so that idea was very good that he would install it for free, once the woman gets used to it then she will pay for it herself otherwise she will have to pay for it on wood  Why did she make it, why did her health deteriorate, that he used to enjoy whatever was left of Rs. 000, that man was not poor, that enjoyment was so much, the man used to say that wherever a woman will get happiness, remove that thing, now that is an ad that comes from the movie  First of all, who is he, our Akshay Kumar, that you don't have money to put sanitary pads for your Bhabhi, Rs. 10 and this is for smoking cigarettes, there comes an ad to save people from menstruation, so he is behind that, who is a  The thought is that yes, it is like this with men, they will blow their cigarettes on his pad  There will be no money for this because where he has to die, where the woman has to die, it is up to her to get herself treated as she wants, get that done and do that here, then many people from politics will come to appeal to these people  No, we should do this like this, okay do that, but who is asking the middle class, it is they who are bringing the taxes, the politicians come here, I gave this, I did it like this, now it has become like this, this tax is on the middle class only. Look, the definition is the same for lower class, poor, middle class and above. The one who does n't pay tax is poor. Simple thing is that poor don't pay tax. If you pay tax then you are middle class. I have told you a very simple definition, now there is no confusion.  It won't matter who my audience is, my audience is every person who you don't want to listen to, it feels good, it awakens your intellect, conscience and consciousness, it is fun too, listen, no one will drive you away but at least my heart beats for those who are in this  He is paying tax in the country, whether it is Rs.  He is paying in crores because it is the same middle class which is paying the tax because always in history across all countries, everywhere middle class only has given the tax, you cannot tax the lower class, you can pay indirect taxes like GST, PST, food and that too  One pays tax indirectly but the direct taxes are those which are said that you pay your tax, this happens only with the middle class, so when you are paying the middle class, you cannot demand any service, you are paying money, brother, free lunches  You do not have to win in everything, you have to pay taxes also, you do not know how to get angry, you do not know how to get angry, no one is coming and giving you even lip service, no party is giving you any service, whom should I vote for here  Should I tell you that my channel is not for influencing anyone's votes, my channel is here to raise issues because the other issue that is being raised, justice has to be given to them, who do you have to give justice to, again to the same poor people  We have to provide justice to the poor, we have not finished justice yet In 1971, the slogan was 'Garibi Hatao', they say 'Garibi Hatao', they say 'Garibi Hatao', and I say 'Garibi Hatao', very good, you won the election. Now 2024 has come, friend. Even in 1971, poverty was being eradicated, but this poverty of India will never be eradicated, what does it mean?  So then he came as a leader in 71, against poverty, how many years have passed since 71, it has been 52 years, for 52 years poverty is not going away at all, brother it is not going away, so whenever it will go away, it will go away, talk about those whose poverty has already gone away because  Whoever has removed his position has done so on his own. All the middle class people here, go back one generation or two generations, you too were poor in this country. The entire country was poor and when the country became independent, it became rich.  Who was it except a handful of people, everyone was poor, so those who have become middle class today were also poor but they worked hard, they reached here, this is their thing, no, we will do it only for the people at the bottom, so brother I have a request Whichever Government forms the next government or comes into power Leave the middle class alone, stop engaging with the middle class, there is nothing for you, let the middle class do what it is doing, things will happen automatically for it, in the registry line  One should not have to pay anything anywhere, one should not have to be sad anywhere, the person who has tax should at least carry it on his chest, Green, Red, Blue, Purple, Yellow, something like, brother, I should pay this much tax, one lakh tax payers should have something that this  A tax payer should have some such card that he has paid tax for so many years and he should be respected somewhere or the other because if you start doing this then your poor section will get angry which is already running from air to air.  also travels who is poor because if he does not pay tax then tell me poor people do not travel in ships, so the entry to the ships is there, so tell me the one who pays the highest taxes is First of all the board will do it, why should you have any problem, tell anyone, yes it has been made, we have given the criteria to everyone  First, he will go to the ship and the brother who does not pay tax at all because he should remove some card and system, the one who does not pay tax at all, does not pay at all, then he should at least look at the ship area, if he does it at a normal place then I know he will be lashed.  They will say, I know about such poor people, but a poor man has no business in catching a plane, even a poor man can catch a plane, well, tickets for Rs. 14000, 18000, foreign countries, foreign travel too, at least give some respect to the tax people, friend  Give respect somewhere, give it somewhere, give it at some place that yes you are a tax payer, you are contributing towards the country and whoever is doing more today, if you pay Rs 10 crore tax or Rs 0 tax or Rs 10 lakh tax  Whether you pay Rs 20000 or Rs 1 lakh tax, it makes no difference. It is not that you will get the merit because you worked so hard, you earned it like this through digital income, you get this award. No, you are an honest tax payer. Come on, let us all respect honest tax payers.  We do it brother, where is that reward, you are not able to build the road, we also know that there are potholes, there is not much cleanliness anywhere, there is fighting everywhere, middle class today, what is middle class, if you go to a government school So you are not middle class. It is a matter of disgrace to educate your child in a government school or to get treatment in a government hospital. It means you have not arrived in India. You are poor. So when the middle class neither uses the services of government hospital nor use government schools.  Do n't do anything by standing in the ration line to take free ration, then the government comes into the life of the middle class only as a tax collector and what is this, this is the relationship that you do the work, I will take the tax, okay and you pay this much tax  They will take it and then push you towards inflation, the rest is according to your own demands of life, if you do not produce children in future then the middle class will be finished and a new middle class will be born which was the lower class for many years and who were used to it  This habit of getting things will not leave her when she becomes middle class and  When it is not released then they will catch hold of the politician and tell him that Bhaiya you give it to us, we are used to it, then the middle class will benefit but if this happens then 25 more years will pass. Do you want that you have to wait for 25 years or right now here in 2024  Elections are coming, put it in the manifesto that my child will get education only in private school and the private school will not charge more fees than this, I want these things like this and if I pay so much tax then why should my ticket be at the lesser rate of that tax  No, why is my ticket not reserved? If I pay so much tax, why is there no reservation for the tax payers? Why is there no reservation? If a person pays one crore tax, then why doesn't his car come out first? If he gets respect somewhere,  Why don't you say that Bhaiya whoever has paid tax more than one crore, suppose it is 10 lakh or whatever figure you put, I am saying this, now you will say that who is the middle class who pays one crore, I am including the rich as well. I am telling the middle class why don't you do this  They say that if you are paying tax above this level, then this much toll tax of yours is waived or you will get this much recharge of toll tax, to say anything because our country is even dying for respect, this middle class has no respect.  Are you getting lip service, I am saying, even if it is a lie, make some promise to the middle class, the situation has become so bad, brothers and sisters, no one is even making any promises to the middle class, middle class is standing in line, Jai Ho to this  Middle class, will you stop saying Jai Ho to any political party? Can you show your displeasure? If you want to vote, go and vote for anyone, A B C, the rest if you go down then D, okay, which place is that in Tamil Nadu, D A I D  Or D, whoever wants to do it on A, want to do it on B, want to do it on C, want to do it on D, want to do it on T, want to do it on S, whatever you want to do, do it, press the button, who is stopping you, you are sitting with the same vote, only one  You can press the button, okay, but don't be so happy, why are you being happy for anyone, what are you getting from Sanu's menu, this, this,  In this way you are teaching us to be selfish, because here all the poor are selfish, all the rich are selfish, what will happen if you become a little selfish, what problem will you face, I want the middle class to have this feeling that they are being short Changed and taken for granted If you keep applauding your groups, I am saying, I am saying, no political party is asking about the middle class, there is a vacuum, another party has to come only to cater for the urban middle class of big cities  Class A party was looking like this, tell me this, realize that middle class is like this, these people are also poor, very poor, deep down, free electricity, free water, this mohalla clinic and all this, all this also became theirs, there is no one like your middle class Everyone of the middle class keeps pretending as if I have taken the contract of the country and I have taken that responsibility, so are you getting anything? Just becoming jealous of the poor will not let you get anything in life, just getting  The jealousy of the rich will not take you anywhere, you will have to open your mouth, tell the people through messaging that what did I get, they said I built a road there, it was built for everyone, I built a building there, it was built for everyone, I made a religious place  Everyone should be made special for me, is it special for me, is it special for my child, do I need a special visa, do I get any special entry anywhere, is it dedicated for me, if you take something from someone and give it to them then it is middle class  You need to wake up is the message, subscribe to the channel, like it, thank you very much and there is a request in the comment section, please write well, write openly and such videos will keep coming, thank you for awakening the wisdom and consciousness of your middle class  you very much