Hello friends, I will talk about Karnataka, not Bangalore, from Bangalore. News is coming from Karnataka about the reservation in the private. I will always try to discuss it. My aim is always to talk beyond the normal discussion. I will call this a perfect example for Congress people.  Finally, those who were a little weak students have learned it, but now they have also learned it, brothers and sisters, they call it headlines management, what do they say headlines?  Management and from whom have these people learned, you will tell me that whenever the headline does not suit you, create another one, what was not suiting, which case got folded, which corruption allegations were being made, what was going on, now it is all about this.  Now no one will talk about it, it happened here, it is on hold, so it is not so, they told the companies and are making noise, oh man, stop, stop, stop, the same thing happened in Haryana many years ago, although he is not in the headline management.  It happened because there was no headline of that kind, it could be about farmers, now things become old, so the chronology goes back and forth, in that there was a person with a job of less than Rs. 300, here he was not even with a job of Rs. 00. He said that even at the manager level, it will be cut like this, see, they do not pass the law of the land, but once this is removed, even BJP will not oppose because if anything like this comes out then the opposition will be raised. State can't, everyone knows what nonsense is happening, what a good story Bangalore has, what a good startup culture it has, how many enterprises do you want to post private posts in it, how much will it generate, so how many people will be there, more than 10, more than 100?  So this is a lot of work, every government, every party is capable of doing it. To save your life, whenever something like this comes, just remove it immediately and in this way my  It seems that every political party has now learned why the topper party has taught me, by the way, let me tell you that the topper party has taught me, the rest of the people learn slowly, so each of them keeps 10 to 12 such things in their pocket somewhere.  If it is going to happen, then they will remove it, or doing it is nothing, being in Havana is nothing because everyone knows it, but you will discuss, brothers and sisters, everything else will be done in a few days, two to four more days, then kitchen gas will come in the budget, budget, union budget. Of  Price is such that people have forgotten what was being said in Bangalore in Karnataka, otherwise look, they are happy to lose. Make a video like us. Hey, this is how it will happen in Bangalore. Real estate of Bangalore will go down, then Gurgaon will go up because everyone will come to Gurgaon.  You can take advantage, however, I am a Guruji man, what can be taken, who can take advantage, that too, I leak the paper, everywhere in the system, whatever things are seen and told through digital medium, there is a lot of agenda and benefits in it.  We have to do higher order thinking, what I want my audience to do is that brother, do n't panic in everything, the first thing will be a very strange thing, it will not be normal, but an issue will be made and the next person cannot say anything.  Can't say it is a compulsion, like Nitish Kumar ji is against Nitish Kumar, he can't speak against his Chief Minister Bihar, how many bridges should be broken because if he comes in opposition then the opposition people don't say anything except Modi ji. And if this government says that he is his friend, then no one says anything. One bridge worth Rs. 1700 crores has gone, I don't know how many, eight or nine bridges have fallen in the month of June, in which districts have they fallen, nothing has been left behind, no district has been left behind, I think it is fine.  And by the way, there is no money for Agniveer, all his bridges will be worth 15000 crores, so many bridges, each one becomes worth 1800-2000 crores, so you also tell, is this headline management? You will see such ideas in the future also in many state governments where the locals are not able to create jobs because of this, no government is able to do it. Brother, you speak to the central government, it is okay, you speak to Modi ji, okay you are the state.  This is your government, you can do magic, the whole state of Karnataka is being run by Congress, you have some magic band, knock knock knock, do whatever you have to do, show it, its so easy.  No, it is not because there are some mistakes of the society and also of the people in this, I will tell them in future videos but no government can come and say that beyond a time, beyond a point is not within our control, we can only create a little eco system.  You ca n't do anything more than that, rest you have to give jobs and work to each other. Today I tell you about jobs and work in a practical way, as if I too have to hire someone, I don't want to hire him because it is better to explain it to him, tell him it yourself.  hee  Do this, I am telling you this practical thing for the children too, why are there no jobs? There are no jobs everywhere, no one is ready to give, no one is willing to give two or four children, they are ready to pay double the salary to one child, ready to support three idiots. No, this is a fact and calling the children who are coming now as idiots is a very bad thing, but if they are not skilled and are not worth anything then they will not get employment and one person will have to do the work of two people.  It will be given, the trains come out, that is why the country is running, the work is being done, it is possible for one bus to pay the salary of two, the work of three can be done and the bus is also waiting, okay 84 or 84 hours.  This is what is talked about here and not in Bangalore, that's why it is said that the one who collides with Shahna, give him a little more, give him a little more and make him do the work of three people, two people, one and a half people, two people.  If you pay salaries to do the work of three people, then one also feels exploited. Even the companies do not have the choice and cannot hire three or four more people. Train them, hire them, then fire them. This is a complete process of one year, first train them and then  First check, then his performance is not good, then hire him, there will be issues of jobs, unless the skill set is good, the education system is also not good and the program as per the demand of the people is not good. Mentally, a lot of things like this will come, people will discuss, nothing much will come out, just watch the news somehow for four-five days, any bad news will come for four-five-six days, you will control it somehow and after that  Then if any other news comes then they will just forget it, this is the management going on, by Pauli, All Over India, look somewhere, there is no news which remains for 96 hours, normally in 48 hours, sometimes in the past, in the last seven months. 10 times, Anant Ambani ji's pre- wedding and wedding have come, whatever happens anywhere, all the media there, whatever happens, leave the issue there, now this has come out and now the country and puja windows, most of the people, who will discuss when you are in danger on something?  So how many people are there who want to go to Bangalore for a job, they will get totally stressed, 'Is this my job going away and everyone likes it', they will get stressed once someone talks about it.  So these are the kind of issues that are raised to divert you from the real issues again and again, what are the real issues of life, health, school fees, rising property prices, corruption in exams through which papers are leaked or wrong people are selected. These selection procedures of government jobs are happening, all these are real issues, but many times even the opposition people cannot raise these real issues because everyone 's program is like this, there people like me should come and people like you end up saying this.  It's okay to leave, it's not happening, remove the incident of Sawan, tell me what was happening with your corruption, friend, it's okay, yes, do it, very good, very good, tell me what was happening with corruption, but what is that with Kadi? For the people, if the CM says something good then they start liking it, then attention gets diverted from corruption, only those people will raise questions, right, if corruption is happening inside Gurgaon. Something went wrong in the management, as it was heard, it is okay, something went on and an inquiry was also held, so it is the problem of the people of Gurgaon, what will the people of Bangalore do for that, O people of Gurgaon, what is happening to you, so just let the people of Gurgaon know. Give a lollipop to someone, if they agree to something then their attention will go there, that's it, then the politician is the one who used to treat small children like mom and dad, the mouth is crying.  I gave another lollipop, gave this toy, gave a rattle and we become happy with such rattles but we are not children and these are not parents and this is not the time, we have to come to the point again and again and  We have to talk about the same thing, we have to talk about the same thing, why did this happen, why did this not happen? No, why did this pot not break like this, why did this happen, why did this happen, what is the reason, then it is very important to talk about this and when we keep discussing the same issue again and again. not going down  Will give and will ask again and again like I had made a full case that brother, it is okay, you caught him and this happened and he got it written like this and this happened, that happened, the system manager will not go after drinking alcohol, why don't you check the vehicles?  We used to wonder how fast a car can go, how fast are the cars running without any connection, why are there so many cars from outside, no, no, we can't do this, you can't do anything, then that, then we are again waiting for.  Again, some spoiled boy will do this after drinking alcohol at night. And again come and blame the rich and blame the person. Then people will continue to be like this. System mayor or Pune man. I had told three-four things in that video. If you guys watched the video.  If you haven't seen it then definitely go and see it, even if the practical things do n't happen in the future, this thing is very important but no one will talk about it because the headline changes, the headlines change, the headlines change.  Management is there, read the newspaper anytime, read this, look at the issues carefully and see what happened to them because the headlines will be managed very well. When the World Cup comes, the World Cup will be published in it within four days, because in 365 days, such news will be published. I am searching for 100 issues in a year so that I can make all the real issues disappear from your life. This is my job.  Age is a politician and the news channel keeps getting involved in it. Look at him. Anant Ambani ji has got up and got down. Now Amitabh Bachchan has come. Now he is taking photographs. Is Aishwarya Rai ji not with him? Is she coming separately?  Is there a rift in the Bachchan family, just keep making it like this, all yes, the Bachchan family should be known, there is a rift, no, the mother-in-law gets along with the daughter-in-law, we don't know, what difference does it make in our lives, what is the relation between Jai ji and Aishwarya ji? What difference does it make to us? Those things that make a difference to us, make a video like Agniveer sir gets 800 views, and here you can write the name of any thing and write its dark truth, brother, anyone gets 50000 views.  And he was saying that our podcast on Agniveer was so good and my guests had come and we had done so well, these comments were so good, very good podcast and very good comments, the questions were very good, my questions were very good.  The answers were good and the comments were even better. These were even better. But brother, only so many people have to know. Okay, but if Malaika Roda ji walks the dog, she will get 50 lakh views. Okay, so this is the truth of the country, so as we  We consume what we think and then mislead us or I always hit the dialogue, okay, in our country it is difficult to convince, it is easy to mislead and mislead people, so the easy task is done more by those like us who come to convince.  Everyone will try to question our agenda, whose agenda are you, are you of Congress, are you of BJP, are you not of Aam Aadmi Party, are you not of these three now? Whenever a party is unable to give an answer and cannot come up with any reasoning and answers to the questions, then tell the person asking the questions that we do not need any foreign power among the foreign powers, we have enough of our own raita spread in India.  And I don't need anyone else. Which song is that? What's my name? There is a song by Katari Nath ji. So we don't need anyone else. Brother, we have a lot of our own, we have spread it a lot and every time there is something.  It is the best example, I like it happens in the family badly, there are 500 issues in the family, there are child issues, this is trauma, so and so, and as if the daughter-in-law  All will not come on that, after its arrival, we became like this, other wise, we were like this, we are together, it is very easy, it is very easy for a state, a people, a particular community and caste and a particular religion and a particular country and a country man.  To Blame It On Some Buddy Else Because Then Every Buddy Is Okay Or Not This Is How The Heavy Powers Made It Happen In This Election External forces and this narrative runs in many countries as well. The fact is that the forces are so heavy. I may not deny the external forces but their effectiveness is at 01 but will be shown at 80. Because other wise, brother, we are going to reach the moon, okay astronaut, till the moon, nothing, friend, nothing B.B. Very very smart, how are they doing headline management? Very worried about them and there is no need to pay much attention to them, they will come, nothing will happen, this will happen, vehicles will be confiscated, electrical vehicles will come, this policy will come, that policy will come, then again nothing, then again nothing, headline management is at the state level.  50 to 100 news have to be published in such a state to mislead people so that they do not lose attention and even from that Delhi level, I have to give 100 out of 100. 50-60 happens just like India won the World Cup, no one can manufacture it, if it happens, then some good things will definitely happen, then somewhere, something will break down, just like something happens to trains, you can do something to them too.  If they can't do it, then they just concentrate from here, concentrate from there, concentrate here. If there is some accident in the train, then there is no Reel Minister, sorry, Rail Minister, not a reel, although they make more reels, that Rail Minister is going on the back of a motorcycle. He was not issued a challan without a helmet. Someone tell me, why did you not wear a helmet? If you had worn a helmet, how would you have clicked the photo of Rail Minister, sorry, he is a Railway Minister. How would you have known that sometimes he will enter under the train, sometimes he will enter above it, brother.  He is a very good Railway Minister. Wherever there are accidents, he goes under the train and checks. He does this and people become very happy with the fact that he used to come. Tell me when at that time.  Have you ever seen an accident in a train? Have you ever seen a railway minister sitting on the back of a motorcycle? And you are like Headlines Management Hey, what is this friend? What is behind the train? The job of the Railway Minister is that if an accident happens, then behind the motorcycle.  I went by sitting, it is a good one, that one was not coming at all, isn't it, why were there no trains before? It's amazing, friend, whatever you say, there were no people before, that is, if someone comes, open your tap with such water.  And when the water does not come, they say, why is your grandmother crying? She used to come with pots and pots in the village 50 years ago. Do you know anything? Water did not come, no one came, so what happened after filling the bucket in the morning and why not from so many three parties?  It comes like this friend, I am not kidding, we are becoming such a country, the thing that worries me most about this country is that our IQ is ending, our logic and logic are ending, take IQ and fools.  so far ahead  It has been done so far, it has been done so far and it is visible everywhere because a wise man says, 'How can I go? And all the fools have gathered fools and have elected me everywhere. You are fooling everyone.' Vote Yes, I have voted, I have also voted, I have also voted, not all are fools, but many are fools, and that Shana man, what does he think that I am Shana, that is why I am silent, the biggest problem is that many times many people  They say, hey friend, Guru ji, you make your own people, don't you tell everyone what you see, what you see, they already know Guru ji, it is right and rest of the idiots will understand otherwise the logic is very good to keep quiet that they will not know anything.  You know, you should not tell them and do something to the fools. This is the problem. When the voice of fools is made public so much, then people also start becoming fools and then the whole country becomes fool.  If you become irritated and leave the country, then the whole country will be made up of fools. Do you want this? This is what is happening. I am also telling you that what you are hearing is happening. If you do not raise your voice, then you know this.  There are many bad things and I will tell you one more example of bad things, if it is not controlled, many people say, and if you want to control these things, then as an example, you should buy property, you should do this.  You should invest, don't buy property, your wife will run away with you. If you wanted a video on this, then you would have written something. It would sound very stupid to some people, but many people would think that you are right. Section 490 49 has come, now the new one has come, another code of conduct has been imposed.  Hai Bharat Naya Samhita BNS Doosra Aaye 86 87 Hai Maybe, If you want to check the video then tell me because I am ready to make even on every Behede dialogue, not because you are my core.  The audience is a fool, only if you are with me, the fool will run away, but you have to become a loud speaker around you, so that this stupidity and stupidity does not happen within your 200, 500 meter radius, every single person can outweigh 400 fools, the ratio is this.  We should have that many loans because if the number of fools increases so much and they talk, then they will manage everything in the country like this.  Have heard the stories, yes, give it to the Canadians, give it there, give it reservation, give it in private, it is right, if you give it to the government, the Supreme Court will say that it is not allowed, give it to the private people, the private people are saying that we can do business with difficulty.  You are running, give reservation here, whoever is worthy, in private, the job is merit based, for all you know, all the links are already ready, I don't know, there are few outsiders.  If anyone has done the census yet then please spread these things, thank you very much.