Hello friends, recently Women's Reservation Bill is a topic of discussion, we will discuss it, we will do some hair order thinking, I don't think that someone must have made this video like this, this is my completely original thought process and you all share it if you enjoy.  If you want more fun in this thing then write below friend, we have not seen this thing like this, this is the lack of Guruji, this is the essence of any Guruji, whatever books and old books of Guruji are yours, you have 100 perspective and  Situation between axis is very, very feasible and possible, that thing and showing you one aspect of it like N says right here, here, look at it like this, because right now everyone is seeing it like this, I am saying this from the middle of this video. Now I am going to do it like this and see this thing, if it is on D face, it is a very good thing, this new personalization is happening, so reservation, now I do it in such a way that I remove the new but reservation.  Let's catch it, okay, so reservation is being linked to empowerment, now it is new here today, but earlier the rest were from that time, did they get empowerment through reservation and if it is done, then it should be banded, if it is done then how many years does it take? Date is one aspect secondary in happening, there is a deep secret behind it, now I do not think that the conspiracy will be of any one particular party because it has always been there, all the fairies supported it, but thinking says that if the atmosphere is right now  This was being created and had already happened and a party would be successful to create this environment and that environment is right according to me that there should not be much nepotism in politics, it is okay and brother, all the people should not be from the same family.  There should not be dynasty politics and by doing this it has become a narrative in a way, the public also likes it and it has become nepotism and it is fine by doing it this way but this new bill that has come will increase it because of the Raj Bill.  discover tu fear  Parent's When they are fighting D Election IT Bill Not B against D New IT Bill B with D Men only How many NPS are there in Lok Sabha Who have come directly on their own She is not anyone's daughter She is not anyone's wife  There is no political link at home, they have very few women in this Lok Sabha, which comes out to be a figure of 15%, the world's average is 26% of its women MPs within Asia.  The average of India is 21%, if it is less than that then it is less but you have to rely one think, do we give reservation to women, to become a pilot, to become a pilot, to our Hindustan, India, do we not have anything in India which came after getting the license?  Our girls learn flying, they have the same jobs as men do and it is a matter of happiness in India, without reservation, without any support from the government, without support from the society, because you would not even know about this thing, many people in the world.  Indian Female Pilot Female Pilot Lady Pilot Female Pilots Women Pilots Are Maximum Ratio Vision Percentage Vice This is a very good thing and here there is no support from the story Individuals are made by paying a lot of money It is not like that that does not have to bear the expenses so the capability of women is not affected  He is not even doubting, but by doing this, instead of getting any benefit, I am telling you that this has happened at the level of MP and not at the level of Panchayat.  So a lot is going on with both of them, you all know it but we all also know that the official song, talk to us sometime, whether it is in your relatives or in the friend circle or you yourself, then you yourself write in the comment area.  They do n't have anything to do, only their husbands, father-in-law or sons take them everywhere. She was a good person. You had come to the Panchayat in which Neena Gupta was the Sarpanch and in this Raghuveer Yadav is also misguided and there is a term in it as well.  their Its term is also Sarpanch husband, MLA husband, Councilor husband, what are these words? Now a days, there are councilors, there are municipal corporations, there is a chairperson, they have been given reservation, being a woman, I do n't know the meaning of the outer layer, it belongs to God and is a rubber stamp.  In their official meetings, husband or father or in-laws come and they say officers should talk to us, as per law the officer can say you please get out, right.  D One Eye Bill Talk Tu Butt, you cannot even do it, because brother, I do not know anything. Daughter-in-law and niece [music] There are so many relationships in a relationship. Women have to do with one of them. Earlier, if there was one A because he had made so much noise that one of the families will give him a position in the party but in the government, he will not get a position.  you will get more like this  If you don't get it then you will be busy in the issue of women's reservation. The girl who will stand in the Malay reservation will be the girl who will stand. The lady who will stand will be from this political family and will be a powerful one. This reservation bill is not some walking lady like this.  The story that if the reservation bill was passed, now I can also be a politician and I can aspire to become an MP, it is from their relatives only, so what is the benefit and the ladies have shown which one is theirs in such a way that if the gender  When there is an attack on someone, he is irresponsible and party line, he opens his mouth. We have just seen that recently, the mouth of those who have to open the most has not opened at all. If not, then they should open their mouths. Tell me, empowerment.  How will it be, whose MP will it be? You have made him the MP, it has become his, but how will it be, I ca n't do it, but tell me one thing, I am telling you such a deep and easy thing and with this only you will know about this Hari.  political party So she gives only to whomever she has to give, so who is to stop her, you give 50% to women, give to 100, it is your choice, right, you do not take permission from anyone, it is not necessary to pass any doctorate, now Trinamool  Congress is our Mamta ji, please check this IM note, 37.8% of them are already ready, they had it, where did they get the quota from, they distributed their tickets to the women and the women won.  So here, divide the rest of the party also, now your mother does not want to divide because you think that if Har Jayaye, Har Jayaye, then in date, it is not capable and no if, it is not capable in up, so A should be less, I am MP and Ma. Everyone should be like this. Everyone should be like this. Then do 50% and then why do reservation here? Story: Money, power, power, women and let me tell you one more thing. Compliant behavior should be done in life and where control is to be increased and women should be promoted.  Do this, women are very loyal and compliant, the rest is also not a matter, mother is also a caste, you have caste in the Parliament, now I want to ask all of you, brothers and sisters, whatever you write in the comment area, there are 78 women NPS in the Parliament, I am very aware.  I am a human being, I read a lot and understand. I am a person who makes notes. How many female umpires' names come from your mind, it comes suddenly. You are right, so one minister is our Nirmala ji, she will come because she is the Finance Minister. Maybe I said something wrong, I am sorry, okay, Mahua Mishra ji says that she is a very dynamic leader, no one can call her like that, I don't know, whoever follows p4 even a little, knows the P of politics, then Mahua means ji.  Knows that hatred is only a spec, it does not mean that you agree with them or not, your ideology may or may not be with them, but it is not like this on the face, this is how it is, I am telling mine, this is how it happens from inside, nor am I telling it personally, if it happens to you, then you also tell.  Don't go on ideology that why did you say this, I love her, she said this from the front, so no no, don't look at such philosophy from within, I am going on telling the name, it is okay, it is okay, Badal ji, she was earlier a minister.  And Akali belongs to it and their presence is also a relief that yes, by doing this, Ranjit Ranjan is also an MP by doing this, he is from Bihar, he comes from the city, he is fine and whose name does it, we know Hema Malini, but if you say this, then we have  Some?  Haven't you heard of her doing something? Okay, tell me more Jai Bahadur ji, we know that she too is inside the Rajya Sabha, she says something, gets angry, raises issues, okay, okay, tell me more and the Rajya Sabha people don't count. I think it was 25 in Rajya Sabha, it is less, it is 78 in Lok Sabha, we know Supriya Suleji, yes, she is Pawar ji's daughter, okay and she is also sometimes some intelligent thing, well, I have heard about her sometimes.  MP on Tweet and tell me more and tell me, those who have done physical presence or their presentations, will you Google it or are you very good in GK, then you will be able to tell some more names, I will tell you by thinking loudly, the rest is nothing less, finger on your lips.  Contribution is nothing, just that one is someone's something, there is something else there, see, there is no appraisal report of MP Ma, like a corporate, this is not a promotion for you, no master has given him or her, who is we or us?  Ortega, we only know you after the next five years, so what are you doing, we do n't know anything about you and on what basis you were selected, because you were a woman, there was reservation, so you were selected, see this, I am using it as an example.  I am still telling you that if those who have not understood what I am hinting at, if Ma wants to hire me as an engineer, then it is okay for a company and if the company has to run in the best way, then if I say there that  50%  There will be men, 50% will be women, it will be equal and if I pass the rule on this then why is this an odd rule because the reason for this is that in the flower of engineers, I am 10 times 9 times more female, so when I select the best.  If I do, the chances are more that I will be among the best of men because they are more in number. If there are 1000 male engineers and 200 female engineers in the market, then out of 1200, if I  If I have to select and out of those 200 I will select 50 women and out of 800 I will select 50 men then there are a lot of chances that the 50 selected out of 200 are far behind many of those 800 people and I have done the best.  Do not select engineers, the normal method would be that if there are 200 engineers and there are 800 i.e. 1000 male engineers.  Normally, with probability, good engineers will emerge from this group only. If the ratio is 1:5, then for every five good male engineers, only one good female engineer will be found. This is a normal probability. This can be changed a little up or down because this is the reason for politics.  If the political woman does not want to connect with the political family, then if there are a thousand women in politics late in Kabul and the bridge of men is 10,000, then  10 We have nothing to do with gender, we want to like capable people. Okay, if we want to bring capable people in the Parliament, then people who are irrespective of gender will come. Okay, this country had a woman Prime Minister 60 years ago. That has not happened yet in America.  It is not that 60 years ago, it is not the case here that the ministers have turned out to be so domineering, so now it means Mayawati ji was there, Jayalalitha ji was there, okay, there is our Mamata Banerjee, before that there was also Uma Bharti ji and  Tell me, female, I am speaking, I remember you, so it's okay, how about you, there is no such thing in politics, there is no muscle, there is a very respectable female leader of ours, Sushma Swaraj ji means one of the best spoken and means an ideal like you politician.  She said that she was an ideal woman politician and had the knowledge, manner of speaking and address, the base feeling emanating from her and the journalism awareness level, so we need 50% women in it.  Whether 70 have come or only 15 have come, neither has it been good for those who have come nor has it been good for those they are bringing, it is better to say this on this D message, if you are against them then I said not you.  If you want reservation percentage to improve, otherwise it is not big, if there is improvement, then band it, for how many years will you do it, the meaning of women will come now, that is, women in India means 10-15 years.  It is a different matter that when this bill is going to be implemented, it is not known because there is a link with the censor, that is, there is not even a vote in the 2024 elections. This is just a masala right now. Now if it is not coming in 2024, then after that elections will be held only in 2019, which means you are not enjoying the scene of such a hung parliament. Mostly it is fine, so it is not coming in 2024 because.  Sensex is not the same till then, we don't know what will happen next, when will it happen, how will it happen, so now one more thing tick tick tick tick tick but practical, when for you it is not paying at Sarpanch level, it is not paying at Municipal level.  If he is not doing it at councilor level then no one will do it in future also, this is back door entry for men, back door entry for men and I have even seen in the cases of Sarpanch and his husband.  Father and son have committed some fraud and this has also happened to the Gajagiri woman because brother, the signature is hers, the name is hers, the order is hers, wherever whatever has to be done, there is expenditure and water, whatever less then what is this?  Their exploitation of empowerment of women is if she is genuinely independent like Smriti Irani ji is like Mahua Mishra ji, independence is okay, independence means adopting some fear, it is okay if someone wants to come and say let's go.  I can't stand but it is of reservation so now my wife will do it but support will be put in my name and inside that canvas lion's photo is also of a man and a small photo of a woman is going to cast the actual vote and they will say brother.  You are giving this actual to Netaji but this madam is his madam, that relation can be any, it can be that of wife, it can be of daughter, it can be son, it can be cheating, it is okay but she is voting for him and everyone else.  Do you know and tomorrow when she becomes MP and when people come to listen to those problems, they will come to her husband, father and father-in-law only, Honey's question is where to vote from here, how to do it, what is the dynamic?  Where is it to open my mouth, to boast, I am just a puppet, what I am saying is a very superficial thing, it is not necessary to pay so much attention, it is a good thing if you have passed, it is okay, if you have passed then it is a good thing.  But again I did not understand the logic of 33%, the same note is 50%, there are 20 sisters and 25 sisters, 15, so it has been made 33%, yes, it has also been made, now it should be like this among OBCs also, so much is needed, that is a separate relief.  This is also the reason why I am talking about reservation within reservation, that is, we will make all these things so complicated that it will not be of any benefit to anyone, but if we make that an issue, then time will be spent in the discussion, which will be very good.  Be it big or small, if less is good then it means the result should also be shown. How is the result? There is back door entry in one family and if there is 7 or 8 constituencies in it, then in one the woman will become the wife of the one who runs his dominance in the area. If you want to take advantage of her, then only the woman from this house will stand up. Even if you make someone else stand, she still has a fight with the man, she is not with the woman, still she is the daughter of the leader on the mattress.  The daughter-in- law is pampering the daughter-in-law and the daughter-in-law. If someone stands at her level, then it is a man 's world, let it be accepted. It is a good thing to think about. This will be a topic of discussion again, but we should understand that in practice, it is not such a great thing.  If it has happened, then it is okay. There is no point in doing this further by making it a subject of much discussion because it was so easy that it was passed because there was no one against it, not so much, then no, it was not passed earlier.  It could have been because people were so practical, people knew that there was no corporation in it, so I hope this is a different perspective, you understood the meaning, I liked it, write in the comment section, I will keep coming with such independent opinion analysis and this is definitely the case.  Otherwise, there will be a lot of such things coming in the future which are just clapping, clapping and then it will seem like a very good factor, no, there is no such thing as a good factor, there is no problem.  Things should come on merit and it should be on merit. Many people say that cricket team is okay, it is male's, female's or they say in tennis, there are men, there are women, tennis players, their pay is cheque, there is money, it should be equal.  Because man and woman are equal. Hey brother, more people come to men's cricket matches, more tickets are sold, more advertisements are received, then you will get a share of it. If female cricket or female tennis players are not able to attract you. Number of people in the date, then money will be given accordingly. If any female singer is very famous and her concert is Fool House Rahat, then it is Irrespective of email. If there is any male singer, he brings less than them from football, then I will get it to the female singer. Why logic does not work everywhere? This syndrome of equalization is destroying relationships in families too. Here parents are also busy in equalizing two brothers, let the sisters or brothers and sisters be equal.  If we have to do it then he becomes equal, many things may not be equal, power or different because that story is playing him out like this and even if you make him equal, he does not become equal because he does not accept this, this is also a factor.  She becomes the President, no one accepts her, she is female, neither does he accept her, nor does he listen to her, this is also a fact because if you want to become a leader in politics then you need dominance and that one right now, just because you are on the seat.  He will sit, nothing happens with that, he doesn't agree, what will you eat, made a resolution, made me sit, then he doesn't say Namaste, then this is also a problem, you also need to be discussed along with true things, I hope you guys are enjoying it, very good feedback.  Subscribers are also increasing and if you can increase it, we will become a good voice by the election season. I am providing such a channel to you people who are interested in the common people.  There is middle class, there is no platform because whoever comes, no one comes with independent opinion and perhaps there is independence in making any claim from one video of anyone, but if you watch 15, 20, 25 videos of anyone, then you will know.  Which one is it okay? So I hope you guys are checking my Independence Day by now. If not then write in the comment area. Okay, my party changes in every video. Caste is defending on D.  Message ok tell me which party of mine is in this video thank you very match