Hello friends, I am making this video, another number for friends, the one who does germination. Hello friends, it is okay for Dhruv Rathi ji. While reviewing the picture of Jawan, he has put some data, son. I am in the mood to make any video.  Because my subscribers have asked a lot of questions that Sir, what is your take on this? If you say it like this, then first of all, before I pick it up, I want to tell a general thing to brother Dhruv Rathi ji also.  If the message is received somehow or you send it to him or someone close to him will be sent here too, the message will be that the tone and tenor are very bad, you bring down the moral self-esteem and the bill of the people of this country.  If there is right or wrong, then there is nothing right or wrong, so it penetrated inside the families. Mother was a great narcissist. There was something wrong with someone's father. Grandfather definitely knew that there was something wrong. Due to his capacity, he can also find out many things in the families.  Too  But still, if you want to live, then I will tell you the fact check and that method, but I am telling you what is their standard. I have to write an essay like that of a seventh class child. Earlier, I had to write it, but nowadays I have to do Google and got hold of that book, one paragraph of it.  An essay has been made of this, this has been made of this, it is also a product of the Indian Education System, since the first day, not in 2000, I am not that either, but that tone train is such a relief, that is why this is another reason for insulting.  What I tell you is that we have to stay here in our country, what I have said is a pending video, you have no moral writing to say, you have gone away, neither your country has been destroyed nor yours has left you, nor did you like it nor anyone else.  When I went to Karan, I went away, now you have fixed the daily greetings friends, if I were to tell you about this place, then tell the Germans, tell them what is your M, because I am telling you because many of ours have  people go out and they stay  They are very happy, they have left behind their families rather than the country. One day I will make a video about this. It is okay that people care more about their relatives, parents or church people than the country. They leave their environment and do not know the country. You do not know how to read the country.  Here in the country, people are living very happily, whose relations are good, whose families are fine, some people think that there are many people living in love, but when you have gone like you and have to tell your subscribers, that is why they have to read. Because there are 1 crore plus subscribers, many times they say Guruji, you are sitting on ₹ 11000, that ₹ 1 crore is like a brother, this is a lot, it is a big balloon to deflate the subscribers, there is nothing in this message, whatever caste it is, it will go away and will reach the last.  Time also asked them about astrology, then I told something because what would have happened is that you have kept a team, there is no original content, there is no original, I also prove it.  From the example, MIG-21 is 60 years old, so many have been crushed, so many pilots have died by doing this, give it color but Basanti picture was also made, that Hello Hello Hello, there are many reasons for this, it may be the pilot's fault, it may be the power, it may be the fault of the servicing.  There is power, there can be bird hits, there can be weather, there is no use of aviation now, no data has been extracted from the story, brother, there is an accident rate, how many hours are there in that army or air force?  She flies in it, what is the rate of plane crush per 10000 hours, it is now Indian on normal and Force IT has no problem in one and you have given three years to various reasons and today an organization does it constantly for flight safety and you  COMPARE IT WITH THE REST OF THE AIR FORCES Your F 35 is not being crushed What is not happening Is the F 35 being crushed Germany  Don't these things happen in other places? By doing data on a bus, picture it in absolute sense. Hey brother, the plane that was in some force's service for 60 years was the one that used to fly. It is like Maruti 800 only used to run. If in the 90s it was a proposal then it was the only one that used to fly. Whatever accidents happen to passenger cars, they will happen to Maruti only because Maruti is running, now there will be no accidents to Maruti because there are 25 types of them, tell me son which account.  By which you are debasing the country and trying to lower the Armed Forces, please do justice to it, brother, if you compare it with the Jawan picture, it was said in Jawan that what is the shortcoming of the imported weapon in the one which has been imported?  Which weapon has come now? Tell me its name. Now inside it, it goes like this. This is how it will be in the weapon. Firecrackers are made inside Shiva Kashi. Do you know the firecrackers which are made for Diwali?  Firecrackers are not that dangerous because children are burning sparklers, pomegranates are being burnt in homes, how many people have died due to fire hazards there too, in Sivakasi and I am telling the name of the place here, real lamination, real ordnance, real reduction.  If you are going on then brother, he is also a professional hazard, isn't it? How many electricians are there in our government system, who have been martyred in the line of duty while doing their jobs? I will martyr any man for the country.  He is doing less, he is doing it in any capacity, let's go, you professionals are also a thing, give everyone's numbers, you say that so many soldiers have been martyred in rallies inside Kashmir in the last 30 years, then give something.  Something this country is constantly producing this break people, I am less and they fight every time you come, this is your system is less, during Covid, we may have even saved lives in one incident.  Something like this had happened in the hospital, this is a country of 144 crores, every day there is news of so much disappointment, by doing the same thing every day you make it the same, friend, video five of yours, you have kept that jamure, take it out and again and again-  It has been shown like this, brother, that the report is that even the people with arms can do that with your weapons, if a country has become self-reliant, doing something of its own, there is something in it, then how can it be that the same weapon takes everything.  sitting at the border  But all the same 47 Lakes are running, only one 47 Lake is running behind the states. The story is that in any other situation, if someone is trying to develop a weapon on his own, then if any report comes forward and there is any deficiency in it, then it will be shown.  Amen, keep buying from outside, now LCM is being made, Tejas is being made, if something is being made inside your country, then keep talking about that too, its radar is being made so good, the rest of the things are being made that are in progress.  Keep saying crackers, this is useless to you, this is useless to you, that is good, then whose language are you speaking? Coming from my community, I am also ashamed of myself. Normally, such things should not be made in brotherhood, but normally. When it is a matter of caste in the country, then there is no meaning of brotherhood because you have married outside while sitting outside. The person with Guru element in the block, what I call myself as a person, does not even suit me much personally.  Go to the level, but brother, you come every day and become personal. Is every Indian disappointed? You are flat, that too from garbage information, because you are an information, it will be the same thing, not Ashwatthama Maa Gaya Na Nai Elephant, it is okay, that too, Nah Haathi.  By not hiding what has been programmed, you will want to cry, it has happened, neither could he have said that much, tell me the information, it has not come in full, tell me anything in totality, don't tell me that much.  This is how it happened, this came and made this and then made the next one and those who say that this is to tell the truth Dhruv Rathi, that's why people troll, people are devotion, now like in my video, some of the first ones have ever called me a Congressman.  Before that, someone was saying 'you', someone was saying 'lifts', one was saying 'devotion' to a person, 'I will make you patriotism' and someone else was saying something about 'patriotism', if you consider that person as your country then brother, then this is your problem, we are patriotism now. desi mother did you tell someone  Even if you take it, it is your interpretation, not mine, but now he does not say it, now why do you make it personal like this, brother, why do you explain it in such a personal way, when you apply chilli to so many Indians, the devotees do not have the knowledge, no one even knows.  Tell me, so many kills there, so many kills, so many kills, so many kills, there must be something to the operation recipe, there must be something to the operation recipe, this is military aviation, this is not a fan flying, we are having fun here. You sat down like a Boeing, you went from here to Frankfurt Airport, we took off in Montreal, you took off in Ritas and nothing is happening, you have less to program, this is a fighter plane and you will be involved in their training as well as in learning.  Will be there and will be there at the time of fight too. Abhinandan ji's plane went away and when it was shot, before shooting he shot brother. If there is a fight, then you will have to die. You will have to die, wo n't you? He entered from 21 inside the formation, who did you belong to and why?  When there is no knowledge, the things which have no place inside, that super previous, whenever I watch you on my channel, there is no need to show anything to talk about data, Indian says, the story has been written, show it, just do the report like this.  If you show it then everything will be right. Now I will get up with the help of those things and I will also get up and do counter data. Data data data will play. Hey brother, everything is true, everything is lie, they have some agenda which is always dravna and's.  That's the biggest problem  I feel that brother, you have left the country, Ram Ram, personal life is fine, you improve your family, it is fine, become a national global citizen, it is a very good thing, we will settle it among ourselves here, I am living in Gurugram and I have the right to live here and  To create a ruckus and get angry that the government is flooded, you sit outside, yes, this is your bad, this is bad, his is bad, whose one is good, then tell me which one do you want, then it will be good, he caught that one, that is good.  And Information: Look at our children, especially those who are above 35 years of age, they have the realization of what is happening in their life because life itself teaches them that if you push them in life till 35 years, then you will have no agenda.  But for these new kids, my duty has been to make this video here, it has not made a big impression and this is very correct, he said that, he said it right, he did it like this, he did it like that, he did it like that  This is how it happened, you don't have to spread so much despair and those of my subscribers who are listening, please counter these videos also, it is not about everything inside, but it happened there, it happened from oxygen, hey brother, listen, tell me one thing. Google your can, Canada's health system is collapsing, ca n't you live your life, you are sad, they have done that system too, look at the situation in America, what happened in the comedy, what is the condition of these first world countries of yours? India happened  Style Recovered here in India, I do n't know what was predicted for 144 crores, what would happen, okay, it was very great, a lot more could have gone wrong, many will fight for the license and now those who are moving forward, my world is getting chilly.  But what I am saying is that the world is getting chilly, that is what we understand now. What do you think about the Prime Minister of Canada, are you from here or the citizenship? Can anyone tell that this is Dhruv Rathi's citizenship from Germany?  Is it from India or is it from India now? If it is from India then why should I talk about things here and there and brother, if you are not from India then you are speaking on this basis because from inside every Indian who has gone out feels guilty.  It feels good to know many people that yes, right now there is no trouble going on here and it is good that we have been taken out, it is good that this is a relief from the oppression of those who are like us here, sometimes the mood is good.  Even if it never happens then your Twitter  We write on our own leadership, politicians will say that we write, you write on the public's Ganesh, but it is our moral right, brother, we are sitting in the middle of this, hello friends, now I am also from the digital platform, hello friends. How to do that also, I will make a video for you guys, one day it is still pending, I remind you every time, you guys tell me why I have to stay here and I will not play the game of patriotism in it, why not, it is our country, it is there.  hee  Our country is love, we should stay but I will tell you the practical thing, why should we not go out, why should we remain blind, you will see that all the practical things are layout and your decision will be stay in India bill be match butter decision making but that is me.  I will tell the video for you guys but I have a request that this is Dhruv Rathi's tone and his body language. You see this in this body language. Come, I also do something.  But in the story, there is no chilli taste in any Indian, it is good, it is big, there is a way of speaking, it is like this, by doing it like this, and then friends, and this is known, this is known from within, and this is how Indians do with their mother.  I am not a political activist of any party, I am a registered member and there is no DBA from my side, she is not mine, but she still feels like she is in love with me, everything is fine.  it's been yours Hey, this did not happen to you, you had already programmed it, caste has happened in 47, where you are sitting, the program has already been done there, there are so many countries and what will happen in the next 15 years in that country, you yourself can see the show wherever you are sitting.  Yes, and then you will come back again, idiot, it is okay and you will come here, then you will say here for some 15 years, what contribution have you made, Shiva, they will say, it is bad, it is bad, it is bad like this, it is bad like that.  By saying all this is bad, you do not contribute to anything beyond this, the report has come like this, hey brother, many things are bad, many things are also good, but the tone and tenor is there, if the tone is 24 hours, if in our country or in our house or  Keep track of what is going on in your personal life, if you keep track of this then life will end and when many things are going good, what is his, the biggest thing is tone entertainer, he is absolutely conditioning and he has one in every video.  If it happens in a person, it is understood that there is some emotion or something wrong, he is the one who is constantly your content creator, he is the one who picks up this bad thing like this, I do it like this and tell him, if the thing is not going to be fixed by this, then please subscribe. Write in the comment area and share it on your group and things will be fine, there is a way to point out mistakes in things, that sir, you are busy in defeating everyone, well and moral and self esteem.  The attack on Indians is in the way of you, you are continuous and you have made a soldier worth one crore. That is also a matter of concern because it will go from one dead to three and then what is that one? It is a self-inflicted disease. Nothing can happen to us, it is like this, that negative talk is not right at this time. I hope the audience will support you in this matter and will message me. You must have seen it from the middle of my video 19 20  21 video delhi take life's plane to a destination where s citizens they know what is happening they know what is good what is bad and be they can in our mind's tree you improve things and observe other negativity and a bitterness bitterness frustration today  The element of 'n country' is very high in us, it is already high, there are many reasons for it and these people only reduce the gee in it today.  That any man, if he wants to feel something good in peace, then he comes and talks about it and lives in the experiment, if one of us comes, then only we will go to the match, my only thing is that live a normal life in between, don't force macho too unnecessarily.  And it should not be in the middle, do less business and move forward slowly. This is my athlete flag. I hope you guys will support. Like.