Hello friends, recently I watched a video, I will also tell you what impression I got from it. You guys also participate that that impression is a little right and I will also give a guidance and advice about it. If you find it right then tell me. This is regarding the  Youth, okay, so that was the setting of the video. They are showing that there is a boy in North India. There is a setting where there is a senior police officer and that boy stands up and says that I will try to do this in this video.  If I give the link in the comment section so that it becomes more clear what he has said, he has said that a lot of drugs are being managed and when the children are so angry, he is saying that here four-five university children are sitting in some auditorium. I will put the link here and in the comment section of this video or in the description, you can watch this video, if it is ok, then if we children can access drugs so easily, like we take toffee, then the police can access it.  Why can't she do this? This is a big question in the society. This one is a big question in the society. I have seen how logical he is talking and the same child, meaning he is from the university, is saying that man, this issue of drugs is going on, so this  My follow up discussion is because I am not directly linked with very young people in my consultation and advisory etc. I do not normally operate at the 181 level.  The level above 30 is fine. Consultancy, marriage business, real estate and other consultation, I do marital consultation, astrology or whatever. How many of you are in this age group or do you have children and you are seeing this phenomenon.  That drug use is becoming normal in many big places in India. Is this true? I am asking you people and if this is true because I just started checking a little and got my feedback.  I have come up many times but it is very important to talk to the public and write in the comment section. If you live in a big city, then according to me, you should not send your child to any other city, especially if a college or school is average, the college is also average.  This is because it is becoming so dangerous that some people told me that there are some famous top colleges, I do not want to raise controversy here by saying that I should tell their branding, what does it start with and what they say there.  So the situation is like this, you told me, Guru ji, the situation is like this that here, if you do not take it, you are thrown out of the league. He says that here children get only three-three-four hours of sleep.  And it is being said that they are making their living by consuming all this and they say that they are preparing for the corporate life and then they also fit in the corporate culture so well that they do not even sleep till 1010-111 o'clock.  to work  They have a habit of 'And that shows through their eyes that they have become drug addicts but they are also performers, that is, this is an amazing thing, they are not like that, that is, they are doing it exactly like that, but in a different way, even useless puns, intelligent sharp alert.  Looks like they are earning good money and are still doing this work. And since this aspect of theirs is right then they don't pay much attention to this drug aspect. Sometimes even I don't understand that when a child is someone's  Intoxication  And if he does n't wake up after getting drunk, doesn't work, is destroying his life, then the concern of the parents is that his health is down or he is not doing anything because if you accept this, then I am taking the thing of order thinking, if a child  He is doing a good job, is studying in college, is making presentations, is working hard, is sleeping less, is earning a lot of money, is doing all the work, the relationship is also fine, he is not even complaining about it.  There is no aggressive behavior, the behavior is also normal, there is no complaint coming from anywhere but he is taking drugs, everything else is fine for him but if he is taking drugs and the wrong one is doing it, then is it not a matter of concern because at some point of  There will be some or the other incident in terms of time, body will give up and then he is getting burnt out, then there is that stress, depression, mental health, these children are not like that, this is not something immediate for the society, one by one.  So you saw that the angle is that a man is a loser and he has not achieved anything in his life and he will be addicted to drugs. Now he was a loser earlier also by getting addicted to drugs and if he becomes a loser then he becomes like this in the society and in the family.  The whole public thinks that he is a separate category but this category is becoming separate and the ease of coming in the society is not a difficulty and after watching the video of that child it seems that he himself  is speaking  That it is being received like toffee, so quickly, how will they take cognizance, how will it happen, what is your logic on this, will the politicians focus on this? No, where will the votes be received, where will the votes be received, then this is not even being discussed.  No, this is not a priority, play on reservation, before that we used to play on religion, then we will play on reservation, then in between we will also play on economy. When will this youth play on drugs? When will there be discussion about drugs, then at which place?  Where is it prevented in the cities? Please see it in the comment section because you people are real people, you also talk to people, you have children, you can be children yourself, you can be that college student, is this about drug menace?  What is the level? Are boys doing it? Are girls also doing it? Is it increasing? How much is it high or is it normal or very low? I am not worried. From the testing I have done I feel that the rice is ripe but raw.  That there is a need for tension in this, so a lot of menace is spreading. It was once in the big cities, it was among the rich, now it is within the middle class and it is coming here too. This used to happen many times and I am very fond of the middle class. I am a class specialist, today I am telling you a secret for the middle class, make a note of it somewhere and if it touches your heart then it will make you feel wow. What is the curse of the middle class? The children of the middle class are getting spoiled. If they were not spoiled earlier then it would be more but if.  get worse  So I don't know how to improve and I operate on every band width between ultra pure to ultra ultra rich, I am fine, the children of the rich know how to improve by spoiling and they all get screwed and when a middle class child goes to a rich person.  If something goes wrong with a friend, then that rich friend will get spoiled and will even get into the business of taxing his family. This is a big secret. If you knew, then write down, otherwise, today you have come to know about this.  to the child  I have to tell you that son, daughter, your group knows everything because they know how to recover, they know the value of money and they have a lot of banking, they will get all the experience after gaining experience, you will not be able to get out of a middle class. I am also a relationship expert, today one person is feeling like giving out the secret and the other is also feeling like giving out the secret. Sometimes the mood changes, the emotions become such that one has to do some good for the society, the rich boy or  A girl's heart breaks. Do you understand heartbreak? The boy has left the girl and gone away, he has become a middle class boy. The girl's heart breaks, he is unable to connect and goes into depression. The rich do not have these problems.  If not this then that and someone else is right, if not you then someone else is right and if not then someone else is right and if not then someone else is right Their funds are a little straighter, it is better I am not saying that it does not happen to anyone but I did not say about probability.  it's a game  Your son or daughter is vulnerable if you are middle class because you have not done things that connect your heart, do not do addictive things, your children do not even know what a game is, in other families, the rich families have already done the work, they know and the parents have guidance.  Everyone also knows and when a child does some work like this, I am not saying that wrong things should be done but parents have a big role, so middle class you cannot afford that your child follows the wrong path.  go you don't have anything  You Master Dinanath Chaun, you have earned respect, if you have not earned money, sometimes you have to laugh a little, you also have to make fun of me, don't paint me as a devil, I am talking for the greater good, it is a big issue, keep your children like this a little. That child, you are my most precious thing, you stay with me and if for some reason you are going to that city, then I will also go or mom will go, mom, there is no point in living with dad. Father, he is not going to deteriorate now, he is 50 years old, he is not going to deteriorate, he will manage his bread too. Stay with your boy, stay with the girl, go to their city a little beyond them, which is the city where there is a good college to live there?  There are many parents who live in Kota with their children and the children of those whose parents live in Kota are more selected. I am telling you today that I don't know how much data I have collected. Normally, it is not my habit to tell so much in one go, I tell things in a different way in workshops, webinars, here in Kharcha Paaniwali, I am telling it openly because I felt that this is a big issue. And  You people should promote this thing in the same way that brother, these are activities, we have to tell these things but there is a fear that if we tell about a friend, if we tell the police, then this will also go, that will also go, there will be enmity with me and this much is common.  yes  If it is a work like toffee, then this is the biggest problem, how to stop it, not only many people, many children, I have seen them telling parents, parents say, you don't take it, so you just keep quiet son, don't take it, don't study, but someone is confused.  Don't put fear in, there is so much fear and if you look at that fear logically then it seems absolutely right that you had gone there to study, there these works are done in your company, you have taken the contract to fix those works, whereas there is a system which is there.  It is state, he also did not take it Now if you go there and complain about someone, you don't know what will happen to you. I am telling you a practical thing because there will be safety issues. If you complain, then that whole act will be imposed, so this is a big thing.  It is a matter of concern that on top of that you will be boycotted that he is a man with a grudge, he had trapped us last time, it will be difficult for you to stay there if you live in a hostel, in any hostel or somewhere outside, this work is done.  are happening there  If you are not doing it, then it is a simple thing that brother, you have to be careful about where you are studying because you are not getting a job after the college you are studying in, but these are the jobs being done there, it is better than this at a place like this.  Study where these jobs are not happening or stay with your parents because still there are no jobs. I am telling you this in a practical way and which colleges have the highest stress.  there is a lot of studying, a lot  There are presentations, there are projects, there is the system of CGPA, so and so is bullying and the whole crowd there is doing it and sometimes what happens when the whole crowd is doing yours and the so called decent children are also doing it because I have released that there is no such image that  The drug dealer is taking drugs and is doing wrong things. He is a goon type of kid in the movies. Even the most respectable kids are talking politely. Good morning.  Yes Good Evening Guru ji, Namaskar and they are also doing drugs, now what will you do with them, either they are caught taking drugs or someone complains, only then will you come to know that the child is taking drugs. Otherwise, the children don't even know about it.  So the elder is also a very polite child, but his health is also deteriorating, he is also getting addicted and these corporate people who come for my job also, I have a lot of hold on them, they are saying that friend from that college.  From that college, it is called HiFi College, they say that all the students are coming from here and they tell them that they are ready to work at 11 o'clock at night but they are not able to come at 10 o'clock because their whole cycle is wasted in the college.  There is discipline and they will show a lot of energy from within, they will also show absence and they are also intelligent, that is why this is a big problem in the society today, people have caught their heads, are they also intelligent and vomit energy?  They show up on time and normal people do n't live the way they live. Now how to sync the work with them? How can the boss sit with them at 11 o'clock? This generation is coming saying we will sit late boss we will. Joy Chanda and  The boss is saying that I have a wife and I have to go home. If you people have such a habit, then this is a live issue which I have raised. Through this channel, I am practical about all such things.