Hello friends, fun topic, learn this thing about time, I will tell you one, two, three, four things about time, try to understand them well, we say good time, bad time, bad time is going on, good time is going on, so you have to see that  I will tell you one bad thing about good times and I will tell you one good thing about bad times. The bad thing about good times is that it will end, it will not last forever and the good thing about bad times is that it will also end. Keep this thing in mind First of all, second thing, when times are going bad, you are not feeling good, when basically what are bad times is that what you want is not happening or you are not being made to feel good or you are being scolded or life is not going according to you.  I am not able to do this, this is what we call bad time, what else is a bad time, brother, the challenge is more, the fun is less, when the fun becomes more, have seen the picture, the girlfriend is also there, the boss is also happy, money is also coming, parents are also Aarti.  taking off  If you are looking sexy and in demand and everything is good then they will call it good time, what will happen in bad time, people talk to you in a selfish manner, you are not able to take any revenge from anyone, people go away after listening to you, no one listens to you.  No one is respecting you, you are not getting money, you have to do hard work, you are facing hurdles, your stomach is not well, your health is not well or there are troubles around you, so spend all your time on this. You have to learn one more thing in this that whenever you consider it to be a so-called bad time, then the person who is misbehaving with you may be going through such a time that the person may want to get away.  Maybe doing all that, his time is going on like this, you too must have spent such a time in your life that you did something and nothing happened to you, now if you sneeze, you get whipped and there was a time that you don't know.  What all did you do to get away and then you grow up and many people have those memories. Hey, we used to do like this then and now it happens like this, so it's all a cycle in this and like the rule I mentioned in the beginning is the same rule.  If it is not always applicable, then whatever nonsense it is giving today or is giving to the world, you will observe it for a long time, which we are not able to do many times because the boss changes, so nowadays it is the era of social media. By following you, we will give you a chance to give peace to your soul. Just like Karan Arjun will come, in the same way, he is a dirty boss who has troubled you a lot, follow him too, you will get a lion and a quarter lion further, you will get the news, sooner or later it will reach your ears like ghee and sugar.  But it is a very loose kind of life that I have to wait for him when something happens in his life but if you want to do it then it will happen then it is okay but sometimes one has to wait for a long time for all these things and in short time.  I am some  If it doesn't happen, then you think that nothing bad will happen to him, no, because every ill-mannered person is not only the biggest enemy of the world, but his own enemy because the world probably has to stay with him for one hour, two hours, six hours, three hours, but he  If you have to stay with yourself for 24 hours, then those who spread Misbil are spreading Misbil in the world. Whoever has, is giving only what he has, so look at his heart, he has to stay with you for 24 hours and feel pity on him, treat him like this, hey.  You have to live with yourself for so long, you have to live with yourself like this, then you end up contracting some disease or the other, it's okay that sooner or later the blood boils a lot and somehow it becomes thick.  Is n't it, if you boil it too much, then in the same way their blood gets thickened, cholesterol gets absorbed and it gets programmed, okay then you should feel better if your boss is shouting at you and making you feel bad, then you will see that you have made a mistake and have a heart attack.  side  If he is going, then you do not need to be sad that he shouted, you need to be surprised, even if you go to him half an innocent time and tell him, Sir, I have made a mistake, I am useless, I am a scoundrel, I am an idiot, why are you taking punishment, then he will say.  I punished you, Sir, what did you give me? If you scream, you have manufactured it in your body. To manufacture it, you have to take some hormones at level at body level at stress level.  Dopamine Rotten Heart Hoot Artery Footry Hit seven or eight English words like this and speak on it, then your blood will become thick, then cholesterol will increase, then you Vijay Sethupathi used to act like this, you will become like this, do this twice like this, your boss will understand.  You will say how can I do it like this, I do n't know what will happen, nothing will happen, there is victory over fear, maybe thank you, maybe I will become your favorite friend, I have told many people who were angry with me at some point in their life.  Now maybe they also follow my videos. Being happy after watching this video of mine has changed a lot in myself. It is okay to take revenge from many people in life, then Jannali starts laughing after seeing you. I also know that after watching my videos, I am very happy.  Many people do not sleep. I have this feeling. So, am I a Guruji type of person and I live only in the spirit of revenge? No, no, it is not that I live for that, but those are the side effects, like they say, Colette benefits.  to do some work Okay, so you can do it like this also because I am the only one who tells the YouTuber like one had life in it, someone had another one, which was Sridevi's movie Chaalbaaz, there are two sisters, Hema Malini's was Sita, Geeta and its own.  Who is Ram and Shyam by Dilip Kumar? Well, it always happens that one is tortured and one is like that, so we do the same, so we should know both the things in life and we should have definition of bad and right time, when your time.  not a little  Things are going bad, you have to calm down, but don't have that helplessness in you, don't do anything more, learn things and be quiet and wait, wait. Whatever time we put in effort in learning new things in bad times, that is what is good for us. Time becomes the basis, I have seen many people breaking down at bad times, why like a donkey they keep trying things, try try again, such things are like divine creations and after doing that, they become innocent and Say something against them, there is an army to flog 1.5 crore people, but in just one line, they damage so much of the society that brother, you have to do your coaching, do it comfortably, no need to motivate him so much.  If someone gets demotivated because he has failed three-four times, now he is not worthy of it. Why are you motivating him? No, he will learn something and then when you because many people get so broken that the right time comes.  Then they don't do anything, all their time becomes bad, then that right good time has come, now they do n't know what is the good time because they do n't have any conscience, intelligence, consciousness, they do n't know how to wake them up, now they have no basis.  How to enjoy the good times, how to monetize, the pot is broken, Kamla is broken, both were weak, that means she is broken, there used to be an ad on Doordarshan, they used to use dialogues in it like this, although it was an ad for family planning and it has nothing to do with it. no but inside  I felt like telling me that you don't have to break, you have to ripen, Matki, if you are raw, you don't have to break in bad times, yes, you are vulnerable, but you have to ripen, keep ripening, you are getting that heat, no one is listening to bad times.  I am not agreeing with you, yours is not working, keep observing that it will come, I will not say this, my time will come, my time will come, sing, my time will come, sing, there is no need to sing, stay silent and when your time starts, then  Say, my time has started, your time has started and don't wait whether it will not come, he will come, maybe he will come, how many people will you tell, my time will come, they will look like a loser, keep quiet, if your time is not running then you have no right to be a hero.  Quiet finger on your lips, there is no need to sing any song, there is no need for any motivation, there is no ya, my time will come, my time will come, one day will come, all that said, no one will come, quiet, learn, learn, see how the world works, see how  Relationships Work See How Money Works See How People Are Genuinely Not What You Want Them To Be See Who Can Help You How You Can Progress Ahead in Life See The Changing Trends Happening in Life Be a Keen Observer of Trends Around You What is Happening and That  The pain will end from within, just like on the day of Sade Sati, my Sango, video on simple astrology, the time of year and a half will come.  Brother, it comes for many people, it comes for many in their 20s, it also comes in their 30s, it breaks, wants to teach, the time comes, sometimes a few things come, then those times will come, but in those times, you have to learn things and mature.  And whatever you have done at that time will become a great stepping stone or call it the big one from where you can jump. Many times in life, if you have to jump over a big pit, then if you see a pit, you will have to go back.  Now when you are going back, you are not going back, you will come running, bring momentum and jump, now no one should tell you no, if you start running while standing there, if you jump, you will not be killed, if you have to come back, then stay behind tactically.  You will have to come, don't forget the strategy, people lose the war in small battles in life for tactical advantage, small advantages in life, short term advantage. You should never lose the war. Battles keep going on. Lost, won, small. Here and there, no one is on the same level. It's okay to win in the war. Do n't let the moral go low. Motivation is not there at times. You Have to Just Hang There Nothing to Get Motivated You Have to Just Be There Just Be There It was told in the beginning that the good thing in bad times will pass and in more good times When good times are going, don't jump. Do n't think that it will last forever. You should always be. Do such actions in good times that when bad times come, you will not have many enemies. You will be fine because when bad times come, you will have made so many enemies.  And if you have not got friends or well-wishers, then he will remain more misbehavior and many people do the same. Okay, so I hope you have understood this thing. Share, like, subscribe to the channel in the comment section Tegra Group.  You will get it also, you can join it for webinars and other information. Thank you very much.