Hello friends, is there any evil eye or evil eye thing? Let's discuss it a bit. I was getting a lot of questions, so I feel like giving some clarity on this. By the way, I also have an exclusive Astro channel, if you guys liked that.  If you haven't subscribed then please subscribe. Sango Saral Astrology explains things very easily and simply. Once you understand it, let's discuss it. First of all, you can pause the video right here and write that I believe this or you can say that this is all nonsense, then your system must be fitting somewhere. What do I have to say, is it there, I will tell you, okay, it is said that evil has come to my notice, it has come to my notice, this has come to my notice.  If I have noticed some progress, if I feel like this, then I am going to tell you an aspect about it. Okay, what is this, it is something like this because it is talked about a lot in India, this is also done in ours, if you all agree, then quickly.  all write that this i  If I agree, then M.A.N.T., write it down like this and it is nonsense, otherwise nothing like this happens, so that at the end, I would like to say that yes brother, how many people were there and then on which side the vote will sit, then it was fun to tell in the end.  Did n't understand, ok, seemed logical, did n't seem to make sense, ok, so this is a very interesting topic. Let's start with the black tilak. You must have seen it. Ok, and that glance was applied, the glance is not taken off, the glance is taken off, let's do something like this. Anti turned the chilli We know all these things that one has to rotate clockwise, but what is this, who feels it, if it feels, then the first thing is what happens and if it happens then what is visible, it is about what ever happens, just a little force will be applied to anyone. Because it will be very high order and abstract in explaining, for now we will leave aside whether something like this happens or not before answering, but whatever happens in life, it happens within us.  If  If you are listening to me right now, then you are hearing some sound which is coming into your ears somewhere and there is some system inside which is processing and explaining it to you. If you are looking at me, you are not having an out of body experience.  If something is happening then you are seeing it inside, somewhere inside you are thinking that something is not happening outside, you cannot say outside that something is happening, everything is happening inside, so if this something is happening or not.  is not important what It is actually important what happens inside, first you should understand this deep thing because most of the focus is on this thing that it is like this, I have been noticed, brother, this one has been noticed, he has been noticed, don't do this, do n't say like this, you have been noticed.  Don't do this, you will get noticed, this will happen, so this is the only discussion, so you see that Virat Kohli is there, he is hitting sixes and fours, he is winning matches, he is getting noticed, so many people are eyeing the enemy country.  since  If you kill it means the ship is flying, there is no need for a missile, just drop it out of sight, by doing it like this, all the people of the country are keeping an eye, by doing this, and that ship is not falling, you are keeping an eye, so many people are keeping an eye, Travis  The head was not out, it was 4743 in the final, we had this much vision, 144 crores, it seemed that we were hitting, we are so many, they are 144 crores, so if this happens, then why is this not used, I mean, you understand.  what to tell  I am not saying yet that this does not happen, but I am also saying this with a practical example that friend, his picture has become a hit, Pathan picture has become a hit, take a look, hey Jawan has also become a hit, take a look, I don't know.  To be a dinky yes, it was hit this time, it was hit this time, it was not hit this time, this is an escape, now it means one thing, so I would like to tell that, but if it is absolutely nothing, then I would like to tell in this thing, hold one word.  You  I will tell you the English word focus. If you are focused in life, then you cannot be noticed. If you are not doing any work to humiliate others or to tease them for the sake of pleasure, and are doing your own thing, then you are doing the same.  But the focus is to show someone its success, for example, if you are getting it installed, you are getting it installed in the sense that you are playing that thing with a secure mind set that today I have a car.  I am showing it to you so that you can understand me and don't think like this, I have nothing, people are match at times, father and mother, it is okay that we have become something, we have become something and they keep showing it to everyone, so give.  They are coming from a weak mind set and only such people get the so-called evil eye, perhaps there is nothing in the air, but they themselves are in the air and that air goes away. If they show off to the people, then they are said to be evil eye.  are you understand  I am successful in explaining my point, I am trying very hard, okay, you are understanding that there is nothing in actual, but what the person says, I have caught my eye, now are they creators or am I something, if I am in my  There is a lot of knowledge, it is real, if it is genuine, then it will not be visible, but if it is from Shobha ji, it is the foam of Superficial, it is the foam of Lassi, then brother, it will turn into a mustache as soon as you drink it, it is like air, otherwise it will go away.  At any time, my entire self-esteem depends on how many subscribers I have, how many likes I have, I am not trolled, I am praised, there are many very sensitive creators, tell them something and other big creators.  There are also those who are so insecure, who have their eyes set on me, I will make a video even beyond them, that is, those who are sitting with 2.5 crore to 3 crore subscribers and say something to them.  If you give then the [ __ ] send a notice, that's what they look at, here are those like us who say, listen brother, just like I speak on this channel, you are not rich, who speaks like this, I feel very ashamed to speak like this, Diplomat, you are rich.  No, now you decide the definition of rich, I am not going to tell you the bank balance, you may not consider yourself rich, maybe you have only 00 and you consider yourself rich, then you are rich, then rich people are here on this channel. ok on this channel  Those people are the ones who are curious, they should come, those people are welcome who are ready to break their belief system every day, today I was thinking this brother, yesterday I broke it, today I broke it, tomorrow again something new comes, then if nothing comes then do this after defining so much. If you are like this, then someone comes and says something to you and you think, maybe he must have said the right thing, maybe something will happen. In such an approach, these people do not notice such people.  who is inside  There are people who are boastful and who also say this thing again and again, don't do it like that and you will get evil eyes, don't do it like that and you will get evil eyes, so today I am telling you about that evil eye because you say that you deserve it.  You don't just do it, you wear good clothes and wear nice glasses and by doing this you walk in style, whether you are on a bike or a car or beyond, then when you have this feeling from inside that actually I don't deserve it.  No  Yes, it has come by chance and even if it doesn't affect me, it will affect me because if you feel that you don't deserve it, what ever you have got or you are doing it to tease others, sometimes it happens that inheritance is received from someone.  If your father-in-law becomes a barman at your wedding or you get something like that, if you are using that thing to tease others, then some such program will come to you from outside that all that throne will be yours.  If it is not solid, then you have to understand this basic thing. Now let me explain it in simple astrology, there are also astrology aspects in it, because the channels are different, we will have to keep them separate, that is the thought process of astrology. Inside, does anyone sit with such a position that he looks like a brother because he has said many times that he is a match and when you are a match, I hope you understand this word called Mach, it's not.  Haryanvi word is ok if you understand then please write in comment section Many times lack of some times one you behave in a way that it is bound to make others jealous of you why others become jealous of you because they feel that what you gut is you Don't Deserve Like: People are not jealous of Virat Kohli because he works so hard. People are not jealous of Sachin Tendulkar. Some may be but mostly.  It doesn't happen because even we feel that Lata Mangeshkar ji was such a top singer of ours, okay, no one was ever jealous of her, Lata di means she was like, she deserves everything, she is like so talented, you see where these factors of jealousy come from.  So always remember this factor that whatever you are there you should be very confident some times if you feel you don't deserve such a feeling can also come.  Instead of being insecure, be humble, be humble to people and many others, you must have seen that like you have seen Amitabh Bachchan ji, his nature does not become like this, he is the hero superstar in the picture, doing everything, you have seen Rajnikanth, Rajnikanth ji will look at you. Tell me, Rajinikanth ji is comfortable, one hair is not visible in the movie, it becomes completely different and it is not visible to him, because in real life he says, man, what does this mean?  This is how he walks, this is how he talks, this is how he lives and talks, if you don't make eye contact, if you don't see someone then it doesn't depend on that person, only your conduct, your thought process, what is happening in your mind, where are you going in life.  There are many people who think that the monkey has found a lump of turmeric, he is considering himself a grocer, there is a saying, many people behave like this and then they behave like this, then the whole world.  You start focusing beyond that every time and then that insecurity in other things which gives you basically what is world focus. If you are focused on your work, achieving anything, reaching anywhere, nothing is going to happen but when you focus on your work.  But there is no focus and somehow we get the world's focus on ourselves by doing some such behavior then now you have attracted her, now call her Nazar, speak evil eye, speak English, she will move you.  Then whatever was happening to you in your life was good, it was not happening because you had great talent, it was happening because of many things, now those things start getting messed up because basically your focus.  There is no and the world's focus is on you, then they say performance like there is some or the other anxiety like for example you must have given paper in childhood, everyone has given exams, whoever is listening, what happens in exams.  Isn't it true that many a times one gets invigilated? Okay, someone is a teacher, she too is getting bored, sometimes a child is writing, she stands on her head and comes and starts seeing what the elders are reading.  Those who become conscious are those eyes and the educated person who knows everything, who is also good at writing, he is not bothered that she is judging me and but many people become uncomfortable, he is of doubtful type. Some?  I don't know why she is looking at me, she is looking at me the same way, no matter who is writing what answer, sometimes this happens, sometimes when we look at a man, it is as if you are going somewhere and That person is looking at you like this, either you are looking very beautiful to him or he resembles someone or he is thinking that he has seen this before somewhere, should I go and talk to him or not or do something and you are uncomfortable.  You become like why are you watching now?  You will start getting this look, man, today people were watching it a lot, oh they were watching a lot, so sometimes we are prepared women or someone else, that is how every man is prepared, this is how he wants to write and sound, now believe me,  If I am making a video, then don't I want more people to watch it, more people to praise it, normal, that is the desire, now if more people watch it, it means that if it is not noticed here, then how can it be noticed somewhere else because if I think that my video in your mind  Deserves views my video deserves likes and good comments and I am working hard and I deserve it to phir nazar nahi hai other wise sab jahath nazar hi nazar hai to i hope ya abs tract things are such topics if you understand  And if you want to bring notes on different things like this, then there is no need to worry, if you bring notes on different things then from any point of view, as long as the focus is on yourself, what do you know and how much?  It comes and you don't become a useless hero Hiralal in front of others and they do n't show it to anyone that they see me like this, see me like that, if they have to see it for advertisement, if they have to show it for marketing sales, then it is coming from a conscious.  But when you say something for the market, if I say, let's say I am the number one clarity giver, then I say for my marketing, I do not say to make anyone jealous, then whatever  The energy comes or I feel it or the armor I have, it is different, but if I invite someone in the same way, I speak the same way, then there is a difference between the two things. In marketing, everything will be told through my soap.  It will be best if you take a bath, if you take a bath with shampoo, then it will be like this, if you apply this, your hair will grow like this, it has to be done by someone who comes and does it for himself, but he should understand these things, I hope in this video.  Not 100%, but maybe 50, 60, 70, but if I am successful in giving you some message, then definitely write, then I will look forward for others too. Yes, Guruji, this is a very good thing.  You have succeeded in something, from next time I will not be afraid that I will get noticed. Mummy, people say a lot that they will get noticed. This will happen because women say more that women have insecurity.  There are also issues of self-esteem and it always happens that we don't deserve it, it will come to light or someone will notice our money, this is it, friend, give a statement of your bank account.  No one is saying it to show off, but it means forcefully, you can spend Rs. 100 and show yourself poor for Rs. or else I can't spend, it varies from person to person, so there is no need to worry, live a natural life, be comfortable. live life  The energy in living life should be such that I do not want to irritate anyone, I have my own value, I have to add to the world, the whole world is my friend and like move ahead, there should be a feeling of positivity. When you live with such a feeling, you will  No one will be able to harm you and when you feel down a lot, then I tell you about it on Astro channel, but here too, what I have given you till now is rock salt, give it a bucket for two to four days. When you are getting such a feeling because you yourself have seen that energy, you can tell why you are coughing like this, tell me why you are coughing like this, something like this comes, okay, that means someone from inside is saying, don't talk nonsense. These people probably don't deserve it, so if you deserve it, then please tell me. Yes, if I tell you, it's okay, then take a bath, you will feel lighter and better, and the moment you feel lighter, it means you are in this zone.  It's just nothing but see everything in your brain. Everything happens here. People say that there are ghosts. Yes, there are ghosts here and there. Many people have ghosts. We ourselves are ghosts. Okay, there is nothing inside and outside. Outside, the world is going on as it goes. Everything is going according to size here, even science fails and everything is fine inside, so you can feel a little relaxed with some of those things, so if you feel like this anytime.  So two-three days in a month, put half a handful of rock salt and take a bath. Immediately you will feel nice. I told that thing also and somewhere else I am not talking about superstition and in the name of everyone, it does not happen, it does not happen, I told it in the simple form of grandparents.  I speak stories, people speak astrology, you are taking me to astrology, you are not scientific, yes no, what is it, then it is the story of grandparents, now it is the story of grandparents, stories of maternal grandparents. Sleeping fairy tale is either fun or sleepy, this is it, this is astrology, it will make you enjoy, it will make you sleep, life will be good every day, if we can live in that zone which no one ever tells in childhood, now a days, no one tells it, everyone is busy in their mobiles. But there used to be a time, visualize it. If you have heard it, then it would have been fun. It would have been fun to listen to some stories. Ha, it was fun. Ha, it is the same, it is the same, it is astrology. Those who want to learn astrology like that, like the stories of their grandparents.  Like  Prove it, show it by prediction, it is scientific, Dhruv Rathi has said, he had shown it to me Wikipedia Dhruv Rathi 8th Class Essay They are like this, now such people have so many subscribers, then my subscribers will enjoy, there will be fun in life, full life.  You will go willingly, when you come to know that once you turn 25 or 40, you realize that nothing can be gained in life by acquiring this essay type information. By knowing this knowledge that Oh Peru's  Capital is Lima, Pingyang is of North Korea, Sofia is of Bulgaria, you know everything, where have you reached then, you know all the dates, you know this, you know what happened there then, when it happened there, you know it was like this, you know  Do you know that Nizam was there during the independence of India, he was so miser and he was so big, all this is what people are consuming on social media, brother, knowing all this is not going to get you anywhere.  You will have to learn abstract things, no one is talking about those things, I am trying to do them, how do you guys feel, do these things and you will enjoy it, okay and if you have any other questions like this, you can ask innocent ones too.  Sharma Without shyness, you will get complete clarity about the things that your parents say and have been saying at home and you people have problem in understanding or doing those things, that is, why they don't do like this on Tuesdays, these women will tell you everything. menstrual  Guru ji, why should we not go to the temple on a bicycle, tell me, this is wrong, I want to go, we are being discriminated against, hey, you are not being discriminated against, madam, it is okay, no, we have to go there, this is wrong in the constitution.  There are many things which have not been written, you need clarity on these things so that there is no fight or quarrel between each other, then it will be fun, then whatever questions you want, please write the answers in the comment section. Please like, share and subscribe. Thank you very much.