Hello friends, fresh, best topic, new pain of middle class, watch the video till the end, I am emerging as a middle class specialist, I do n't know where I am taking my journey and every time originality comes, someone copies it, you will also copy this.  But then I am getting recognition from my subscribers. So let's start today's topic that what new pain has come to the middle class till some trend gets converted into data and data in the market.  By the time it is published, the story has already been played out. Those who are people with Guru element, are analysts, observe well, when the trend is being formed, it is being formed only after 10 to 20 to 30 years, the market is not known.  Then they come up with what I tell you, the articles are published after three to four to six months in the newspaper and on social media, because then they start appearing, so what is this new pain, you, my audience of the middle class.  And the pain is that the lower class is no longer respectful and subservient, this trend of course has not started from yesterday, it has already started, it is at a different level in every city. If you are in small towns of UP, then that trend is still there.  It has not started that much, it has played out further in big cities, depending on the place, you, my audience is Pan India audience, including South India audience and I would like to speak a little bit.  In English Also For The Benefit Of My South Indian Audience Also What I Am Trying To Tell Through This Video Is That This Trend Of The Middle Class Which Was Pampered In A Way That They Could Afford Lot Of Services From The Lower Class And The Lower Class Use  To be like this, sir, by doing like this, madam, by doing like this, yes, it will be done, this thing is coming to an end, this is  Reducing, you look at the attitude of the maid, you look at the drivers, you look at the car cleaners, you look at the ready people, you look at anyone, now we will not enter into whether it is good or bad or whatever is happening is happening in the country because  Now I would like to address those classes in this and also tell them what should be done. First of all, you guys are identifying this trend by letting us know the one born before 1975, the first born from 1972 and the one who is born after.  And one thing is that those who are now in their 90's and 2000's, those who are in their 90's and 2000's are not broken from within because they are earning less money than their parents are earning.  They are relatively rich, they have assets, they have a house, a car, this is their attitude and it is okay, the woman has been married for 35 years, her husband has a good house, she has not earned money herself.  She also wants to stay in that attitude with the maid but she can't stay, the maid runs away, the maid says don't do the work with you, they will say kamati kaam bhalo taka kamati kaam bhalo taka, means less work, good money, we will get from Dinks, double income, no kids.  There madam doesn't have time, she leaves the house from behind, turns on the AC with ease, drinks water from the fridge with ease from behind, maybe even drinks juice juice, okay? She left the house, that woman does not want to work, with such a woman who is sitting like this, by doing this, you did not impose her from below, bend down a little, do a little work, she takes so much money, you got two days leave, deduct your money, this trend should change.  It is gone now, mothers, sisters and wives are not listening, they do this, please men, if they are listening then give them some counsel, they will not be there, that broom will not be used, in the future, days will come like this in 5 years, which is the typical middle class, which is upper class.  There is no middle class, in fact it has become lower middle class type, they will not be able to afford this maid on daily basis, but it will never happen that you will do the holiday maid completely, but you will give it to the future as the alternate day is coming. In the next two to three years, you will be able to afford half of all the medicines and you will say, come on an alternative, why is there a need to use it every day? Yes, we do dirty things, Chhota.  There is no child, this story is also going to be played out, I am only telling about the pain of the middle class, the trend that I see changing in the big cities is becoming more burning, the maid is more happy working in the houses of tenants.  Because the tenant does not even sweep and mop that much, it remains rotten and if you are a landlady, then deductions are going to be made, your house is worth Rs 20 crores, 18 crores 10 crores, because brother, do you know the rates in Delhi? In Gurgaon, the rates are for 2.25 lakh yards, so assume here that the house is of 400 yards, which is completely yours, then if you assume it is worth 10 12 14 crores, then the one whose house is worth 10 12 14 crores. Maybe he has not bought it, he bought it long ago, maybe it was worth 20 lakhs, 40 lakhs, 50 lakhs, but if it is this much, then the attitude has come but it is there. Middle class because there is no cash flow. Now you say, the one who has assets worth Rs. 12 crores is middle class. Yes, this is a new definition which I would like. Big users have different definitions from me, the definition itself keeps changing.  So Guruji, I am one, you will copy my content so many times that you yourself will feel ashamed, now you have raised the figure of Rs 40,000, people have raised the figure of one lakh, you have raised the same like this, you middle class, now think new. Guruji, you live in a house worth Rs 12 crores, are you middle class, don't have cash flow, do n't have cash, don't buy a base of Rs 12 crores, don't buy Rs 10 crores worth Rs 12 crores, still go in metro, so now you have to buy maid.  You think that I don't know what I am, I don't respect you, I am very happy working for a young couple who are staying on rent, she comes as she does and goes away, this is a matter of pain.  Will you tell your car washer that you didn't wash the cloth properly or you will wash it from inside and then leave and take 00, I will take the person to whom the car has to go. You will not put the cloth on a car which is not supposed to go. Which are the cars of the elders because the way they want to shine their car by bullying and you are not good in saying that this is all there is, brother, for Rs 500, you are worth ₹ 5000000 400 Hajj when that  Only when you become middle class will he be your slave. Lower class is not anyone's slave. Middle class is everyone's slave. The kind of answers you throw at your maid, you cannot throw the same answers at your boss in the office. Hey, those guys are yours. And so on.  We are educated, we are comparing us, many such comments come, we are comparing us, what happens by speaking English, the situation changes a little, English.  If you cut too much then what can't you do? And my boss and you are also slaves. The day they become rich, they too will become slaves. Today's attitude is because it is a game of demand and supply. Now what is middle class? Whatever definition is given below. Those who are coming above, when they are increasing more, then these people below are decreasing. If those below are decreasing, then their demand programs will increase. They will have a choice home to work for because. All their work is manual and time consuming so they can't do this much work only there is no maid who can work in 40 houses she just can work because she has to sleep for five six hours sweep and mop her house only she has to eat  She has to make the same and the children also have to be raised by the same, so she has got the physical energy also and whatever house is there, she has to go from one house to the other house, to the third house, to the fourth house.  That also takes time, so she can do this much work only and she has a choice, it is this much, she always has a choice, so you can't be a hero Pako on every, be it English or Hindi, you can't become much of a hero Hiralal beyond that.  You ca n't become a chari but you have a choice, you don't have a choice and once they have a network, the lower class of maids have a network among themselves, once you are left behind in that, right?  That so and so, house number 10000 or flat number 10000, makes a lot of noise, madam, no one will know about that madam, hey madam, you only make noises and then no one will go to her, no one will come, by doing this, I will take 8000, hey.  You are crazy, you paid 4000 rupees, you chit-chat a lot, it is not your choice, no one comes, I have to show it by acting.  Man, sit down to give a little chilli to the middle class so that they come to their senses, especially the previous generation, the young generation is very very intelligent. They know what is happening brother. The person who was born after 1995 does not know this.  Everyone knows, friend, he is not becoming that much of a hero, he is becoming the old man, he is feeling rich, hey brother, you are not rich, the man living in a house worth Rs 10 crore is not rich because the house in which he lives.  No matter what it is, if Rs 10 crore is in the account then it is a different matter, the expenses are not borne by you, so why do you take such a baddie under which you have to operate a coal mine by becoming a mine miner to put it under you. If they enter inside and vomit and come out like this, you should make your bed at least this high or make it this high. Why do you make it like this? Why do you keep so much furniture in the house that you have to move it every day?  you can make furniture too  Neither should it be easily cleaned from below, why do you keep the cleats? If you have spread so much filth in the house yourself, then you will have to wake up. This is the subject of pain for the middle class, there is a new pain, someone like you will come in the trend. Do n't go to the driver, this is all servant nature. No, you will release that he is releasing that friend, like I am telling you by example that those who eat your momos, you go to the ready, normally the children of middle class are the ones who earn most of the momos.  He is selling momos and he is earning more money than you. Is this a fact? Otherwise tell me and many more videos have also been made about it. Nowadays how much do you earn and 25 30 how much do you earn? I earn only five, okay you earn only five. Then we come to know that he earns for five days and he earns for 25, 30, 40 months, then you all must have seen all those small things, but that is the truth of life, also that is how.  It is happening so the middle class needs to wake up to this new reality. Do not deviate from the lower class stories like you heard in foreign countries. Everyone is equal. There is no discrimination. Discrimination reduces automatically. Human beings want discrimination, it is not that there is no discrimination.  They were very good people, they stopped it, this is the rule of law, this is bound to happen, now as the country progresses, there will be more progress for the people below, then this feeling of slavery from inside. All of them used to know this attitude too, everyone will come to do their own work, do something and consider the next person as a human being's child, they will work as per the money, earlier the work which used to be done in Rs 000, will now be done in Rs 4. They used to be there at 6:30, the ones at 6:30 will be there at 10, your electrician and plumber have to beg to call and come, either do your urban clap directly or do all these things so that they can come again.  Give that GST, give this, do those two tricks, then you will get that professionalism. Tolerate other wise tantrums. So this is the idea that this is going to happen. Be alive to this possibility. Don't be bitter. Try to earn more money so that you stay and have that.  Advantages and Staying in a Big House Which You Own and Which is Like 51 Curses Doesn't Make You Rich the Cash  Flow and the Thought Process Will Only Make You Rich Every Month What You Get in Your Bank What is Your Liquid Money That Will Only Define Your Social Status and Amir Bhi Ban Jao Bhi Matlab It Dozen Gives You Any Right These Days And That Is  A Something Good Which is Happening in the Society and Good for the Country Also This is the progress of the country that if in this country  50 crore people used to live like this in slavery, even after getting independence, now they have stopped doing so and their children live like this. Yes, what is the work, it will take time, I cannot come now, no, I will not come tomorrow, I will get only this much money.  No, that's not all, it is okay to not do it, then get it done by someone else or make a maid. When you throw us, we too would be respected. Madam, we go to someone else's house, you cannot say like this, you make me work hard, we also start hearing these questions.  if it is done Don't seek now and it is going to take two-three years, the video has just been made, the article will come in four months, in one year the world will also know the pattern, if you people are also watching, then you will only have to change yourselves, the middle class just change others.  Wise you will be bitter, children will not agree, earlier husband used to get angry on the maid of children, now she does n't even take that, daughter-in-law doesn't even take it. Hi, what happened because mother-in-law also sometimes  Daughter-in- law, what happened to you, nobody takes it, no one will take it, give it back and cry, the one who cannot give it back, then the one who gives it back is the one, I will give you my clarity on this thing always in future also.  I will keep giving, it will be fun, listen, watch, enjoy, share and this is a phenomenon, accept it, this is what the trends are, which is started data, will come later and  If you first change yourself then you will be happy. What is the point of M Channel? Spreading happiness, giving clarity, keeping it practical and not spreading any negativity, so respect whatever is happening, it is happening. Learn to respect all the people. People who are not as fortunate. Okay and this is good for the country is it good not please tell me and this phenomenon is happening not happening do you agree  With What Ever I Said Please Write in the Comment Section Share Like Thank You Very Much