Hello friends, a ridiculous situation has taken place between boys and girls of India who call Loveratri. This is how I came to know about the things late and there was a conversation and at one place I had gone to attend a lecture etc. and I was having a discussion with a youngster, so there I had a discussion.  There were boys, there were girls and there was some joking and there was also a conveyance in it, so I want to tell you the same thing that these days people call them boys, what do they say as boys, just like in the language of UP two burgers are called.  She gave some girl an Uber ride somewhere, gave her money, showed a picture and she broke up because it didn't work out, they say girls are gold diggers, meaning she is gold, I said for a gold digger girl, you must have gold.  Also, if you want a gold digger's English, you have learned it very well from the foreigners. If you look beyond that, then in the context of who is the gold digger, it is said that an old man or an old man has 50 years and crores of rupees and then  Young girl is said in that context, brother, those of you who are 23, 24, 25, 26 year old boys, no gold digger of yours is coming to you, does any girl come to you to chat, to say hello, to see?  If it's a dozen work out then think about it, every time a girl leaves you just see that she does n't smell, I'm looking fine, I'm fine in talking, I 'm fine in thinking, so question these things.  You are speaking directly to her, maybe she is going to tell me sometime, what was the reason, Guru ji like us, I am telling you, there was a picture, if you people have seen the old small thing, 1976, Amol Palekar and Ashok in it.  Kumar is Colonel Wilfred D'Souza, he has four other names, you understand that I am the same Ashok Kumar, okay, and he also takes huge fees, I also take fees, okay, and nowadays I give training, so those who are stuck.  I am here to give clarity to those who are having a broken heart, so I wanted to tell you this, I will try to give it for free, if you want through workshops, I will give it as you want, please tell me, write in the comment section.  But don't force all the girls to act like sour grapes, because the competition in the dating scene has ended, most of the boys have become losers and the two, four, five, 10, who are in good shape, have their brains.  It works properly and they are feeling that the swan will peck at the grains and the crow will eat the pearl. So they are feeling that the crows are eating the pearls. Are the crows eating the pearls? Maybe yes, they are eating but they are well mannered and intelligent. So now they are  It seems that girls, oh my God, this means that it has become like this, oh brother, learn it, understand that yes, now there will be no one from Switzerland that girls from Switzerland will settle in India and their  You will meet those who awaken wisdom and consciousness, this will not happen, these are the girls of India, they cannot be brought from outside, they have been born today 23 years old, cannot wait 20 years that a new girl will be born, then she will be 20, 22, 23 years old.  You will think of dating her and she will be very nice, by then you will be 45 years old, that girl who will take you somewhere, as Acharya Prashant says, marry the one with whom you have to have a relationship.  Do something that takes you somewhere, neither is it worth going somewhere, nor are you worthy of going, and I ask, is it necessary to go, even if you don't go anywhere, is it okay? Life has to be spent, something has to be done here, or a program has to be created.  They have become so now, go under the guidance of people like them, they come to us after wandering, then you will live a loser life for 20 years, if you will not even earn money, then you will not even get a gold digger, why 45 years of gold is nothing. You have two burgers, two burgers, two dosas, I mean, I am saying this, friend, don't insult women so much, if you are a gold digger in actual, then it is okay, you have taken some gold, you have taken some in your hand, if you will take some actual.  It is understandable that what can be found in two burgers and two dosas, you mean that she ate them, now you have any girl's message for all the men and young men out there that if a female or a lady comes.  To you a young woman and you go somewhere to eat, you are spending this is the bare minimum you can do because he also got her company so you got a kind of conversation so basic you know civil which is dead civil what Nowadays people don't even know about this, people only know about 498 and this is what is the condition of Andrew Tate. Look at the condition of those who follow him. Look at the rest.  I feel good, if you hate me, then why do n't you do this? Now girls see that all the boys are gay cases, that is, many boys are like that, come on, I will tell you by giving more examples, the video will be interesting, why practical, many of our talks happened like that.  I am telling you point by point, I am a boy who says that if Guruji takes food then there is gender equality. If there is gender equality then brother, give me both the money, why should I give, I am a tough boy, oh crazy butch, which equality?  He is talking about that females go through menstrual cycle for five days. Do you also go through it from 13 years to 48 years? Where is the equality? Whatever discussions are there about equality, this is equality to give opportunity to women. Other wise opportunity should be given to their base talent.  And the one who has to give and take in life, it is one on one, that's all for him, there is no equality etc. friend, females and  Males and Men are Women are different, they are not equal, they are not even the same, so don't do this competition, all the men are telling you, you all should get a program of 5 days from the age of 13 to 48 years, that is, 35 years.  One day you will multiply five by five into 12. For 60 days, if you multiply 60 by 35, how much will you get? 2100 days, 2100 days. Wear a sanitary pad and keep roaming around from morning to evening. Then I ask how much fun it is. You will get equality in life and then if you have to do it then the child will come out of you as a brother and that too will be a caesarean and you will have to keep it for months and there will be nausea too and then it will be like that. After all, you have to feed the milk to the child with your body. I have seen the condition of many women who do not feel ashamed. Boys, do n't you have mothers? You were not born to anyone, do n't you have sisters? Brother, at least a little, at least a little heartbeat.  Shouldn't it? Yes, it's okay, you scoundrel who says that people are like this, they use such words, everyone in the world does it, people of every religion do it, people of every caste do it, people of every gender do it, the rich do it.  The poor do it, everyone does it, then he is not alone in it, it is called a cunning person, but some women have divorced, it is such a thing, I want to tell you one more lovely thing, this is enough which is our squeeze, is n't it?  things  I am telling you the points of, it was a very good session, if you want it to be virtual then take membership of the channel, you will get a lot of clarity on this, you will get to understand and learn about it in a very lovely way, first of all you will do one thing in life.  Tell me, if there is a late marriage in any relationship, if anything happens, who has more chances of pregnancy? Who has more chances of pregnancy? The man has to say 'sorry' and run away in a minute. What is the loss?  What can ever happen to a man is the worst that can go on with the man and what can happen with the female, there are issues inside her body because she will choose the partner, she will always have the choice of male and female if you live on the net.  Go inside the nest, chicks are laid there too, you tell me, the nest irritates men, there is a problem in taking them home, why should I take those eggs there?  It is the job of the bird to give, but the nest is made by the bird. All the birds build nests and call the bird. Come, come, I will tell you in a big and sweet way. Listen carefully. Peacock and Pee Haan Pee Haan is no more beautiful than anywhere else.  Peacock is beautiful Peacock dances like this with all its feathers like this To attract Peacock that date me with me And if I say like that then Peacock is everything in itself Survey all  It is very strong, its feathers are good, it is beautiful, it knows how to dance, all the things are useful, but brother, even there the peacock has to impress the peacock, when the peacock has everything, then why wouldn't this thing be there in the human beings?  It would mean why do you get into trouble in this, there are lions, there is a pride which is said by lions, in any animal kingdom the men or those who are male have to work hard to attract the rest of the females too.  There is work everywhere, they also have to do it, so they have to do it so soon, I mean, I am saying that they have stopped becoming men, it seems that men are feeling like they have to become princesses, it seems it is becoming a man.  World men are running world. Yes, females feel that they have got the opportunity, it is not less, it is not, it is also men who have made the rules, this is the truth of life, so please think about this thing a little.  To end the points so quickly, if anyone wants a good dating scene, wants a good married life, wants to attract a good partner, he has to stop hating the thought process. Sometimes what happens is that you do n't have it in you, I am saying this.  That more than half and one more thing was my point like all of them are masturbating and looking at the pawn, so who is in the pawn, are you looking at an animal, looking at you are a woman, okay see, you are a woman, such a gay.  type  The instinct of men is not there, so for example, if someone does not like Rasgulla, then he would like to see Rasgulla, he would want to eat Rasgulla privately and secretly at night, or he would say I don't like it, but the problem is that he is not getting it.  The program is no longer set, it's just your intellect and consciousness, you have to become a tough boy, you have to hate women, if you are getting happiness by hating women, you are reaching somewhere, your conscience and consciousness are awakening, you know.  No, they are going on very big spiritual paths and don't know what they are uprooting, so please continue, but this is the only reason to cry, the cycle is like this, it will get stuck and will have to come back again in 45, 46, 48 years. You will get married again and will be the same.  If you will marry someone who might have been divorced at that time or something like this might have happened, then you have to remember this point and in the comment section, there is a group of thought that it should happen by force. Here I am not asking you to perform Aarti, I am saying that by keeping trade and negativity within you towards women, your life is not going anywhere, you are not happy, you have self-esteem issues, fix your face, if face is fine.  If it is not there, then correct the intelligence. If the intelligence cannot be corrected too much, then keep the tongue a little sweet, maintain some manners and etiquettes, be a little civil, talk a little politely, that too will do the trick. I know that not everyone has a lot of money and it is not that women are doing it only like this, everyone is watching, everyone is watching, everyone is like this, look, even the boys are watching which boy is there.  I wish to marry the next girl, no one wants to but it is a transactional work, I will do a course on relationship someday and will teach it, this is all for now, the boys are not so decent, they are also constantly looking at me, how does it look like a kiss?  She comes from a family, is she doing a job, how many jobs is there, how much money is there, what will happen, don't think so well, I am telling men like you are such a woman, you would not have tolerated it, just be calculative and see because Once her program happened with someone, a brother of marriage, after that she became the mother of his child. In the marriage market, she has a liability of a child and pregnancy and the body also has the effect of pregnancy and the child, the man is like that. What's the matter with a man? Husband and wife can't live. Both of them were playing, roaming and enjoying. One fine day, the female gets pregnant. The man's job is going on well. His friends. Nothing is happening in his body here.  His first trimester Nausea starts coming out of the stomach, heavy pain in the back, many hormones inside the body, up and down, vomiting or the end, he doesn't know what hits, after that the baby comes, the baby clings to him completely, one and a half  All the years she has to drink milk and milk every morning, what is the change in the life of a wet baby, she has the same job and will always remain like this, so brother, if she has to bear all this and she wants to be very sure of which.  Man She Will Do All This Stuff And Which Man Will Be Of Some Help And Consequences And Will Make This Experience Worth It Because It's Very Uncomfortable For Her  The thing is these days, there is no difference between girls and boys in terms of what they desire, to have fun, to travel, to enjoy food, to enjoy job, money, they are a little more choosy, that's it, now you get rejected, sometimes why are you so sad?  Do you feel that you are going to marry someone like this? So if you check then it is okay. Now when she is checking then you don't have the body which used to be attacked in old times, so you can marry a powerful man. want to get married  If you were there then this is the best of the times. The boys who are 5 feet 4 inches tall are the boys who are 5 feet 6 inches tall. They are short boys who are not attractive. Their complexion is not as per what is required in the marriage market. Personality is not great. Hair is not that much. Rajesh Khanna.  Look at any other actor, old or new, the only thing you have is that brother, if you are in a good job, you will get married, then this is the best of the time for old men. In those times, they used to be beaten and only the fittest could survive. That whole animal kingdom was going on. Today you have shares worth 50 lakhs in your demat. You have a flat worth 70-80 lakhs. You have a car worth 7-10 lakhs. Your clothes are fine.  You are wearing your mobile. Mobile is fine, you are conversing fine, you are employed at the right place, you have salary statement, ITR, Fatir, show Form 16. A1 was saying, show Form 16.  For this, you have an eligible bachelor and all these programs are not suitable for you, then you will have to fix them. You had all these points. I hope you all liked it. Please share, like this video and subscribe to the channel.  If you want to take membership, then take it. This workshop is going to be held to look into the minds of youngsters who want their freedom from this thought process that women are bad, women are also bad, men are also bad, elders are also bad.  Children are also bad, Indians can also be bad, community can also be bad, people in religion can also be bad, foreigners can also be bad, businessmen can also be bad, teachers can also be bad, anyone can be bad.  Yes Guruji, even an astrologer can be useless, a doctor can also be useless, someone can be good, so why bother with this, many doctors create a lot of mess, so why do negligent doctors stop providing treatment? Drivers in taxis often meet with accidents. Do you stop sitting in a taxi? Do you get food poisoning while eating? Do you not eat outside? People go out to so many places. Due to overcrowding, a stump gets filled there and a fire occurs.  So don't go there, everyone goes to all the places, so they do all the work, then with girls, if something goes wrong with 100 boys, a thousand boys go wrong, one lakh boys go wrong, then brother.  145  There are crores of people, you won't have to do this, learn these eight, what is that method? Most of all, I ask one simple thing, brother, why do you attract such girls? Don't you know some formula to attract good girls, brother? Many times.  It happens that many flies are coming somewhere, why are they coming, do you understand why is something going somewhere, maybe there is some dirt in you which needs cleaning so that such girls do not come to you again, you are a fool.  If the making girls had come then you would have understood why you are such a fool. I hope you all will enjoy attending the workshop. Please write in the comment section. Thank you.