Hello friends, today I am going to give two advices to Yudh, very good advice which will make you stronger, successful and happy, you will get all these three things, one will come first or the other will come first, the order can be changed but these are the mistakes you are making. And if it is happening then don't do it and if you are not doing it then tell your other people too so that they don't do it and if elderly people are watching then please definitely tell it to your children. It is a dialogue of a society, first I am going to tell you.  First of the two, the heart is good, the heart is good, it should be good, but being good at heart means nothing in life. Check this weather, you are mentally strong day after tomorrow and mentally weak day after tomorrow because you are mentally weak day after tomorrow in your hearing, you match.  Of this in your years, I do good to my heart, I do good to you, then you will be plated, you will be rubbed, your juice will be taken out, then that goodness of the heart will also be taken out slowly. You will feel cheated, I am not of any use that dil se achhe nahi ho raha but dil se achha high go no meaning what is your purpose what are you doing if you are good at heart then what are you doing roaming around as a servant of the people  Are you making people happy or doing something big? If you have a very good heart then you should take them here in life through story and then science. If you have a very good heart then you don't know how many people you should do good to. Your understanding.  Even in the story, I am not saying that being good does not have to be good at heart, that is, understanding the world, understanding the world, all the qualities are good, but just being good at heart does not mean that you are good at heart. He would have been more misused if only he was good at heart. Apart from that, there are many other attributes. To be successful in life, I want to tell you the biggest takeover so that you can understand that it is just this dialogue whenever  The story of what is happening to him is also happening to you, it is happening to him for you or someone is doing good for someone else, whenever you hear these words like this, then just see what is happening with him and  You will come to know yourself, those whose ID is being identified are being identified with this thing, please write it down and those who are getting power type are feeling like eureka, this is absolutely true, I have not even thought of it, all is well with my heart.  I am saying that whatever I felt like  It is in the good of heart because you are not doing anything else. You have been tagged. It is a very important thing. Listen to it carefully and understand it. Most of the people and those who are going through two extremes of emotions on the day of Taj with super excitement, I will tell them what to do.  The most important thing is that if something good is happening in life or if some achievement has been achieved then this is your speak, this speak has to be controlled a little, you have your own generic approach, a middle one.  Text Neutral Apply Text Something Good Happens in Life Be Celebrated Be Little Beat Exide Come Back You This Neutral Don't Be Hair Because Sting Hair Bill Make You Like Come After That Straight Then You Will Fall Here When Something Goes Wrong in Life When Home Is Here So Growth Is Here A Little More  Try you come back always find this your speed like it is not brother 65 70 KMF will be the best mileage if you are at 100 then ahead at 70  When it came to 40, then went to 70, you have to look at this thing, we also call it Sustainable RPM, if we do it in the language of any engine, if we make it most optimal, that is this emotion and you are so big, come on, give the party, man. Celebrate this, friend, do this, many such people will come, okay, it's done, this will be your loss, are you feeling, are you, so what happened, okay, no, it will be dealt with, big people  You will decide that you should be very happy in this and you are too, so what birthday Harshal is coming, okay it is a thing of happiness but you reflect on what you did last year, are you feeling good yourself too, why will 12:00 cut off?  Brother, why are you talking in the back side at 12:00? When in childhood, when father used to live with mother, was it like this i.e. college life is hostel life, so this is hostel life, college life, youngster life, this is a  The same problem is being faced by people in depression also that if a little something happens then there is no filter here either in Baba Railway or in Baba Jai, meaning there is a saying of Haryana people I don't know they go in it, it's pure.  Joke's fine but this is this saying in this part of the country so either here I am here or I am here what is called na sinusoidal curvy wallet in litter meaning nobody likes date in  Had life been in Sher Market, the story would have ended and it would have been the same, Rakhi would have been in a relationship. Hot cold, hot cold, hot cold is going on. If you did not pick up the phone, Rohit Bhai Saheb did not pick up my phone. You had WhatsApped it yesterday, his WhatsApp was yesterday.  My voice has reduced. She was in the crowd. She did not hear the voice. Now why did she not raise it? With whom is she? What relief has she spread? Because of this and this state, only then do you know the mind's thinking. Only what the mind knows, only that can move forward.  mind because when you are very  If you are sad, then you have nothing to do, mother, because you are sad and when you are very happy, then brother, now you are very happy, now you are already very happy, then what to do now and you will listen less, it would have been less when the man was not happy, so if  I will remain in this state of being very happy or very sad. You should understand further in life. Third, many people are wrong about me. Third, let me tell you one more. Two, I had promised. Third, what are you doing wrong while leaving, people have made their life auto.  Have put it on pilot type, will pick up the story in the morning.  Will go, do something, something will happen to them and two-four-five-10 years of life will be spent like this, Goddess, let life just take you, don't take them, groom them, then give me the bill. Find out friend, where did I get stuck, the bus is also dirty, how is this atmosphere.  Hey, who did I marry? Hey, what happened? It was not due to any thought process, because Sir Khel to Dil Dil Ka Achcha wala was going on and the second one, Manjhi Champi, was roaming between extreme excitement and depression. Should not be done, what are you doing for the sake of excitement, are you doing like statement, it is okay in the child, too much, but these days, if the child keeps teaching it constantly, then it becomes a problem, it is getting excited about certain good things happening to you. But don't mean date John but you match time because only then you must have noticed in relationship if you have seen the trend of celebrities they have a breakup in.  Within 20 40 days they have you get into some other relationship you be in date dopamine hi de kant kam dr bikaz ek woh break kiya to hai hai and see only here Whenever a man goes into a new relationship he has his own hi  That's why people these days are also trying to get results in relationships again and again, so see the remaining date super excited state, I found out again, see, I found out again, see, I have the attraction, that's me.  If it is a family channel then it doesn't tell but you know that you get over a mother and get this and the time is going well, where did you go to wander about, then like this, you look at the rest, yours is going stable, it is relaxing.  No then what is the joke? Like, the problem is that when you go to your office, you get stressed there. The problem is not that you are not having fun, the problem is that if you sing a song there, then you need recharge from that story.  The problem is that you are earning money, you have to be very focused in life, do n't put it on auto pilot, every day when you are living life, you are very busy, you just don't say that I don't have time, the condition of people.  What is happening when you eat food? Any person in life, here we have brain, its processing speed is same but we have named it like this, naming people for such small things. Need a consultation. It is very interesting. I hope I can tell you in this example that you should leave everything for a bit and do not dwell in these two extremes. It is very fun to live here, bliss is not the word, relief but bliss is such a thing.  Hai ki Anand so these are Hindi words and words are very very important I bill oil you d importance of word thoughts same you should on very good language which synonym  Sun has 86, tell me which ones are there, Sun is 86, Moon has 32 and there is no word, look at our mind, write what happens, okay, if you can write their 32 synonyms, then tell me, you must have read all of them, okay 13 minutes  Thank you very much, please like, share and also tell the thing to your relatives in your friend circle. Abstract video is there. Nobody is searching on what I am telling today.  The result does not appear in my search result. Because of this, my result does not appear in the result and the views also decrease because I am not searching in the result. Because I am not searching because there is such a thing. Is there any such person like this?  Tell me the things which you are not getting in reading. If you are getting it in public then I hope you are able, you and I request please appreciate. It feels good if everyone's poetry is appreciated. I am saying that it is fun, it is fun, life has come.  I always want to speak