Yes, hello friends, I want to give a clarity to this war, I want to give appointment letter, when you get a new job, then there are interviews etc. and then after that you get the job. In this rush to get the job, you have to ask one thing which people ask.  No and why don't you ask Sharma shy or brother or become like you are getting a job, this will be a big thing, do party, that's what your duties will be today, what will be the workers, what will be the actual scope of work?  It will be reduced on weekends, it will not be done, and today it will be harassed, it will not be done, the startups here are giving tech prides that brother, we sleep here, they are ready, they want to keep showing off like this and the one below, yes, we too. Passion, are you ready, that is the color of nonsense in a startup person. Whose startup is there, if he kills his employee with him, then he will eat anyway, but the established good ones, you have to ask others. Sister-in-law is not asking many people, you can ask 4 by doing this here and here and will send it to this person, then the story will be written in the email, you must have done something, otherwise tomorrow when it will be rubbed, this thing will get damaged, then you will have some return.  There is something in it, I am not saying that you have to hit the bus on the first day itself, or that you should make a presentation on Saturday or on Sunday or you will do it, it is a little less, it is quarter ending, this is no, not on the first day.  but you have to see this That you were told because that company tells you everything that if you get a laptop then you will not be able to do second moonlight, you will do this, you will be fired, give you so many days' notice, they consider everything as theirs and give it to you, they sign everywhere with you.  You have to disclose this, you have to do that, you will not do it like this, otherwise you cannot ask me a basic thing, then you have seen how helpless a middle class servant is in a job, a maid has come, right, she would have asked, how many utensils are there for how many people? man's food  It has been asked that when one has to kill, one goes around the house and sees how dirty the house is, how big this house is, it is 500 yards, this gives an idea as to what rate to charge, it is 1500 square feet, it is 2000 square feet.  The flat is of 3000 square feet, one on Rahat, the shoes come out and all she does now is put the shoes inside. In many families, the shoes come out. Do you know in North India or in general India?  If it is right, then it is right, just right, this is D general cleverness, because if the people living there are very drunkards, then their stronghold will expand more, in such a situation, he is not ready to do anything less because he knows that money can only be bargained for so much, sometimes people  Many people say that they think that we are comparing ourselves with the media, but I am telling you that I am not comparing you with the media, I am your maid, you are in a very good position, the power is yours to do everyone's job.  I have gone through MED also, I have become less while taking a job in the middle class, I am not able to even ask the basic things, Hey brother, how many days will I reduce, how many hours will I reduce, please tell me something, I will come to office at 8:00, I will come at 9:00, story 9:00 By saying 5:00, you will not change my life from 8 to 8, if you do then tell me now, tell me a little more, I will give you this much, I will also see my compulsion, let it be clear cut mentally because of that.  What happens after that, the Chinese system starts, in the beginning there is training, there is a little late relief inside China, there is a little late relief, it was not known that he had said five of eight, he had said five of nine, he had called 9:45  Sometimes they called for 8:30, then made 5 1/4 of 5, then made it 5:30, then sometimes it became 6, and then sometimes it will become a habit, then the whole public will sit, then they will say that it happens like this here only. Brother, yes, this happens, then ask once carefully because that person will remain worried. Jobs everywhere are limited to Rs 40-50-80000, but there are many jobs where you can get ₹ 10, ₹ 20 thousand less.  You but you have time and mother's peace, those jobs, you people should go towards them and there is no harm in clearing it in the beginning, after that you are going to get a chance because you cannot just ask, when everyone has given up everything.  Everything will be fine, then what will he even ask from him? When marriage talks are going on, then only he is asked, Jain, keep the promises, that's a different thing, you may lie, lies are also told, but you can still ask him, ' Brother, please'.  Tell me what is expected of me, what is my role, what is my work, what is my work, I make 1000 less than a person in a startup, do anything, do this, do that, do this, do that, do everything  will speak again He is less than very clear, he will just tell you that friend, he has not come today, if the tea seller has not come, then it means today is your turn, you are a junior, you have to get your cleared, do not panic with your mouth open and if you are like that then we should not talk about such things.  Even I don't open my mouth, then you will get rubbed in the job. Remember, if you want to open your mouth this much, please spread the awareness. Thank you very much.