Hello friends, today's topic is very simple, I will tell you 2 to 3 things which you should not put into too much discussion and debate and two to three things which you should put into and on which you should focus, it will seem a little counter intuitive to you because it is absolutely fine.  It is opposite to what has happened, but you try it in your life, try it for one to two months as per my advice, completely remove these things from your mind, I will also tell you a little reason, I will not say just don't do this, I will also tell you a little reason.  that because of this you Avoid and what things to discuss, where to focus, focus there, the first thing is global warming, the earth will end, we should do like this, nothing should be done, everything is being looted, water is coming, everything is being looted, mangoes will be looted.  There is a request to the public, brother, don't focus so much on this, just concentrate on this, it is not practical, that is why I am telling you because this is a very layered complex thing, where there are experts in the government, our politicians are leaders of the government, they level it. but cheese  They have to be dismantled and the day they are dismantled, that day is nothing but following us. Stop the polythene. You stop doing it at your level. The day the government said that no polythene like this will be made in India.  Just take your jute bag of clothes and stop making it, it will stop but the government is not saying so, there are 10 thousand reasons for the government not to do it and they will become things with time. What can you do in your house? do that  That you can't do it, you should be better, you are not able to focus in your life because I will tell you what are the three questions I ask from those who talk such big things, I will tell you then you will understand, don't do this, it is important but there is so much on this. Don't use all your energy on emotions and all this, it is slowly getting reduced, renewable energy is being collected, but technology is getting on top of it, the rest of you will also be less, it is such a big thing, if it is an electrical vehicle, then the problem will be there, it is not necessary. If electricity is being generated from thermal, then the smoke has reduced inside your Delhi Gurgaon, it is happening somewhere else from where the electricity is coming, the only difference is and that is Lithium battery, what will you do with it, then later the winter is not like this.  It is a late thing, it means it is difficult, it is not a simple stick, those who are doing it are doing it, you can provide the second thing, there is a lot of discussion on this, vegetarianism and non-veg, it should be, should not be, what should be, should be, there is not much benefit.  Do whatever you think personally, I will tell you the same way, I will tell you in the context, in India about 38, you will give 39 less, 40 crore people are RP and vegetarian means they do not eat anything non-veg, mostly they eat milk and curd like us in Haryana.  Haryana is done, you will get it in UP, you will get it in Rajasthan, you will get it in MP, among the population of this state, this one is more in population, it is 38 crores, okay, and in the world, there are hardly one or two crore people who  He is a vegetarian and that is because of the same reasons, he does not repent, there are some other issues, if you do the math, then if you do the calculations to make you fat, then out of 80820 crores, then we are facing ₹ 7500 crores or 770 crore people are non-veg.  Then I will put it in the discussion that there should be, there should be, I am telling the figures, there are figures, now you can be any of these, you can be non-veg.  Okay, but you can see this anytime, never the topic is always like this, non-vegetarian will never come and say like this, leave vegetarian, it is good to eat non-veg, only we will eat only this, we will eat only this, such people do not even speak normal, there is always talk that there is a question.  In the Reliance Indian context, there are 3 mails per day in 365 days, so if you multiply by that, you get 1100 mails, this is your rough estimate.  Let's take 1100 mills which have to be eaten. Out of those 1100 mills, how many of us are eating non-veg? Is 1100 mills of 1100 non-veg, is it flax or non-veg, is it 50, is it 500 or is it 300?  This is to be seen, it is also important, it is not just about who is driving a car, who is driving an old car.  How much pollution someone is doing, its quantity is also important, so again it is a very layered thing, this is being discussed for so many years, there are so many institutions, it is neither increasing nor decreasing, each has its own system, what happens at times is discussing it in my mind.  I feel that brother, there comes a stage when the dalni rings and the dal is not eaten, someone congratulates you even Rajma and Chole, okay, it is a personal thing, no, but go to 5000 years ago.  4000 or I don't know why, what did you eat friend 10 20 30 50 60 years ago, personally you are not going anywhere after discussing this so much, keep doing it but you are not going anywhere, it is taking a lot of mind space and discussing it.  After doing this, people should not take it, you should not do it, you should not do it, you should not tell it, it was written blank in Vedanta, where it is written here, where it is written there, where it is written in my old one, you should pick it up quickly, then  Pranayama is also an idol thing, don't do it in job, don't do it in marriage, don't do anything, then life will become better immediately, nothing will happen, but I am saying this, life is a game, everyone has a ball in their hands, do it as per your own.  Tell me, yes friend, tell me one simple thing, friend, why do n't so many people study about alcohol and cigarettes? We know alcohol and cigarettes are bad. Why doesn't the government do it? If all this is bad, we also know it, then why?  doesn't do it because again in this  Higher order thinking is required, it is not a simple stick solution, you just come and say, stop smoking, stop this tobacco, people will start taking wrong drugs, it is said somewhere, I do not want to name you too much, you people are just wise, it is said somewhere  It is said that if you want to drink alcohol, then do not consume alcohol because it is not good for alcohol, if you do anything else, then people say, which list is harmful in this dying list, that is, the government is very complex, the government. Individuals alone are not intelligent here, there is a leader or an employee, but there is a system which is called the government system and which runs the country, to whomever is given power, they will think that they will do it, they are thinking of discussing it endlessly inside everything. According to me, my suggestion is that what the audience should discuss and what they do not discuss is that how are our relationships within our home, with our parents. Whatever land and property I have, but whatever land and property I have, 50 lakhs, 1 crore, 1.5 crores, 10 crores, 5 crores, 2 crores, 80 lakhs, how can the family move forward in the best way, because what is the vacuum? Every person wants to sound intelligent. Every person wants to consider himself the internet. Whether I should participate in a discussion or have some view point, I am saying that there is a limit to the view points.  To keep it because there is a limit to the thoughts and messages sent here, time is limited, social media also has a limit, every space has a limit, so endlessly discuss those things which you do not have any immediate direct benefit, otherwise someone will have to think.  We have to protect religion, its religion has survived for so many years, I do n't know what it has done to everyone, whatever it will do to you in future is a personal thing, keep discussing within 24 hours, this is fine, that is fine because I am not one of these people.  All those who discuss people and who also come as big fanatics, I will also make videos in the future, if the bed sheet has to be changed then complete it with them, I am saying that inside my house, I have released it only with my consciousness, intelligence and discretion. That everything is in the family and the house, all the happiness and all the sorrow, all the pushing and discussion and the coolness on others is the capability of your parents, no one can give even coolness, no teacher, no matter, no one can give it.  Unfortunately, they are not giving, they are just not giving, that's why all these other people came to me, come to me, my house is mine, they are doing this and that thing, they are being exploited, do n't the lives of your parents seem to be worth it, then go, I will help you.  I will tell you, if the life of the parents actually seemed so good and was good then the children would not go anywhere. More videos will be made on all these and there will be lead videos. You tell me this kind of thing, do you understand? Like it, please please.  Talk about your inner practical thing friend, you have to call the maid twice, call her three times, my wife will not be able to reduce this much, hey, why are you charging so much less than my wife, the maid will do it for Rs 15000, why don't you reduce ₹ 15000  Why don't you treat yourself to something like 20000 or 30000, then leave your job behind, what will you do with the troubles and discussions with your mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, what is going on at home.  You won't give the address, it is a difficult thing, it is near home, so you will know about the suggestion and solution of the brain, but how many discussions can be done by going on Twitter, on social media, on YouTube, on WhatsApp, he is distributing knowledge on family group on WhatsApp.  What should be done is what is happening in your family. Look at what is happening in your family. First address you are really the shoes and these issues. Are I really not sure if Mumbai will sink then these 150 people will be in Mumbai. Purchase of a flat worth 150 crores, the region, then I do n't know, when it will sink, what will happen, global warming, I don't know like this, pick up the report of 1960, all their global, till that time, till 2010, a lot of things were to happen, those few vans, we don't know, we  Can't think about what fits so much, what will happen from there, people are busy, we don't have the status in actual, most of us who are normal, we are middle class people like  We are class people, we don't know, friend, we are just being forced to discuss and we are having fun, friend, people are watching, who is saying what is not important, those who are not watching are watching, you do as much as you can from your side, you garbage person.  And separate the recyclables in your municipality. Tell me brother, keep the garbage separately. You can do this much in your surroundings. Do it practically. You are busy arguing there. Focus on your life. People's focus is not on their neighbour's life, it is on outsiders, on the neighboring country, on making memes, on the one who has less money, on the one who looks happy, the one who has it is also on him, these great things are less, by doing this I will destroy.  This thing has been happening a lot and now social media has become like mud, I have seen that 99% of all the trolls I have have strange names, they will never keep a man's name, they will keep some superior name, they already know it.  that he  In this space, social media is like this, it is understood that a genuine man, he did not like what you are saying and he is writing something, which is very fine, but there are many people, look at them by their name, now I many times, I am a  I was thinking of making a list of videos to make, okay so my advice is please focus on the real things in your life, thoughts affecting what you are, kids are doing, what are your respirations, what is this.  Dear Influence is turning on his thought process, is he in touch with whom, will you not be focused, suddenly your child is saying something, yes, it was always happening but you were not keeping an eye on him, there was this difference, so please like, share, thank you.