Hello friends, two unique ways to invest in gold. Today we will discuss about gold. My aim is to give a new perspective through this video. The audience will also know about it. Good, good, sovan ga bud banane nahi, soren gold bund nahi nahi ke liye, good, good.  ETF ETF also not telling good good no mutual fund no mutual fund not even telling and digital gold no no no nothing so let's first discuss which one. Investing in gold can be done in many ways. I am telling you in a practical way which according to me is the best. This is for educational purpose. I am not a registered priest anywhere. Invest on your own. Convincing is one thing. I am very fond of Sovan Gold Bund. Personally, I am not a fan because it is backed by the government but not backed by assets, so it is contingent by default. There will be no Zimbabwe, no, our country will never be there again.  We will discuss on it, we will go on politics, then it is found in 2nd exam, you have to write it for 8 years, take it out for 5 years, everyone knows that thing but ultimately it is paper only, so paper itself is not actual gold.  No, no, but those returns are yes, returns have to be written, but the paper itself is physical gold, that is the key, now you will not say, no, its storage and theft, yes, yes, theft, storage, anyone can steal anything, yes, but listen even further, 200 years.  For 300 years, 400 years, thousands of years, robbers used to come from outside and loot and go away. You know, invaders used to come, now the situation is not that bad, so yes there are issues of physical gold, but then it is with you immediately, you can take something by giving it.  And this is for contingent and listen to my two ways to invest in this, if you are in this space, if you are in the space of mach fund and space of Sovan Gold Bund.  I will not buy any more physical gold, okay then my second investment will suit you and if you understand the thing about physical gold, then I will tell you which physical gold to buy practically because as soon as you buy physical gold, someone will say, oh in this there is only 20 rupees.  But there are charges, making charges, GST becomes so expensive, so I am trying to explain the same, don't buy an investment, go and buy a new one from the shop, I also know that there are making charges at Rs 20 and  Yes, at many places it goes for 25 rupees, it is 18 to 25 rupees depending on the brand, so whatever is the prevailing gold rate, one has to pay this much and that is a matter of great pain, I also know yes.  So do you know then why are you asking to buy then I am saying that you must have seen it yourself and you must have done it yourself and you must have also seen that many women take old gold to the jeweler and give it to him and say brother.  change this  Two mother-in-laws had offered a set of five to six tolas. Sometimes the daughter-in-law did not like it. She had to exchange it. She said, " Brother, take this and this and give me that. Okay, then madam will say, instead of five tolas, now it will be worth only four because  There will be making charges in this and it will go at the rate of gold. Yes brother, if you deduct from this then there are crores of women with such brothers, what do you have to do because look, it will take effort, I am telling you the best way of investment. Make an announcement in the circle of friends and acquaintances that brother, if there is any woman who wants to do this program, then instead of going with the jeweler, come with me and give it to me, her hallmark is the jewellery, otherwise it is very easy to check the authenticity of gold these days.  It is possible that everyone has kept the machines, you can buy them from him at the rate of gold or you will call him a jeweler, he is paying a little more money and is getting gold at the rate of gold. Give it to me at the rate of Rs. Now if you buy gold in this way, then what are your making charges? So you can practically make it your own. Friend, give it to your friend, it happens within the family itself, somewhere far away.  There is no need, the network of women in the families is very strong, mother-in-law, sister-in-law, sister-in-law, daughter, okay, that means all these are relations, all of them, someone's aunt, mother, aunt, aunt, all this.  Okay, so in this network someone is taking or giving, if someone wants something new then you can offer, now that is an investment for you, that is an investment for you, it is gold, okay, it is not in the biscuit form, it is in the form of jewelery but you  Don't pay any additional charge for it because you will go to buy coins also, you will also buy bricks, you buy biscuits and all these, you have to pay for these also, you have to pay Rs 15, 20, but you don't have to pay for these, 9, 10.  You have to pay on 11 14, in some cases very big charges, even if you pay somewhere, it is not less than on 7, 8, 10, 9. From what I have checked, this can be a very good practical method, Gold is Acumatica, second one.  Method: What is there in Instead of Sea Gold ETF, what is there in Mutual Fund that if the rate of gold is not increasing then you are not getting returns but now yes that is but we are only buying gold. So is there any other way that the thing which is linked to gold but is not gold then is it India's top jewelery question? I am not asking this question for you guys, is it India's top jewelery selling company which is not gold?  It also sells spectacles and watches. Its share can be taken as the same share which has given highest returns in Rakesh Jhunjhunwala ji's portfolio. You can write the name of that company. I do n't even discuss its name. Otherwise, you should say that to him.  Returns Because the organic jewelery in India is in the organic space, it is in very low percentage. This company's own market share is a high part of the organic jewelery but the organic jewelery as a whole is at 10-15 and as it is now India is aspirational.  As it is happening, we are moving into organized space, they have also launched office jewelery for women.  It has also been released and in a very good way, you can get good returns by investing in it, this is my belief, what is your opinion, it is the exposure of gold because this journey is still ahead, even after giving so many multi baggers, they say that  There is a lot of runway available ahead, the story is available ahead, again the story of the next 202 years is a very large company, it is a well discovered stock, so people think this is normal, how much more will it increase now?  There is also a lot of scope because all you have to do is research in India because I do not prepare everything, yes I am not going to give any research report after learning, you do three to four things within the organized space, within your organized space. How much market does this company hold and the total organization that it has? Just like how far the jewelery market has reached 100%, there may be scope for it to grow seven to eight times more. You can verify this, I am not saying this.  Seven to eight times this is happening in the next 2 years to 5 years. This is a journey of the next 102 years because the love of gold of Indians and Indian women is not going to diminish. The Britishers looted so much of India and started looting it.  Even before, a lot was looted, even then Indian women already hold many times more gold than what was there at that time. Whatever is held by RBI, this is our Reserve Bank and Reserve Banks across the world. Do they know anything?  Because they print all these notes, print inflation notes, if you are buying a lot of gold then buy gold and keep your portfolio at 5 to 10 depending on whether the portfolio is big or small, if the portfolio is very big then you can keep it at 57 if it is a little small.  The percentage may be a little higher but there is no problem, lockers are also available in banks, some lockers can be kept in every family, some can be kept with you, yes, it is a little headache but then there is the problem in everything, wherever.  There will be a real asset class, whether it is real estate or anything else, everything is there, it is just taking it in the form of air, I don't know what it means, it is the banking system, it is the financial system, but taking this paper and taking this bundle of it is also something to embrace your gold. Wearing a chain, then I do n't want to make you into a normal astrology person, but I can't help but say on this channel that Jupiter is strong, Jupiter is strong, those who wear a little gold, it is believed in a lot in the South and you will see the average in the sound. Gold holdings are also very high and physical gold is also worn, chain is worn, ring is worn, a little is worn, a lot is worn, I am not telling people to wear Bappi Lahari ji type but a little of everything can be worn, it is a good investment.  I have seen that women earn money, especially the women who are government teachers, I have seen that they have historically invested in gold. If I look at one section of the society, they have a lot of gold holdings.  If returns are kept then this is one aspect of it but it is more as it acts as storage of value. Even 500 years ago, during the time of Akbar, one tola of gold could buy as many goods as ghee, milk, wheat, the same amount can be bought today.  So it has kept up with the inflation for so long brother, assume one tola of gold is worth as much as it is now, as much milk and ghee units as you can hold and wheat or food whatever.  It happens that they could have bought as much as they can buy today, so 400, 500, 600 years ago, so it has withstood that time, so it has proven itself for that long, so it has to be seen that way only. There is more interest in storage of value returns. So I told that it belongs to the company because if you want to play in digital form only, then the gold available on 5 7 8 10 is from the company.  You check their returns, check their return on capital employed, check their return on equity, check their dividend deal, check their book value, check their cash flow, check their market share, check their holdings, promoter 's key at 52.  FIAs have taken it, DIs have taken it, public has only 16-17% holdings, so there is a lot of scope in it, FIAs and DIs are not selling.  Their holdings in that stock or all your mutual funds have taken holdings, foreign institutional investors, if no one is selling then only public holdings are being sold, you are taking, I am taking, someone is taking, someone is selling, this is what is happening.  And that too the holding is at Rs 17, so there is not much free float available, not many promoters are selling and they have kept it as a very well discovered one.  If they take out a scheme for 11 months, if they do this for the 12th month, then they take the money from the consumer itself, so the cost of capital is also not that much for them relatively, there is no need to deluge any equity, there is no such debt to equity.  The rest is for you to do some research on your own and tell us what kind of stock idea you had, what kind of investment idea you had and the idea of ​​real gold that I gave you, why are you going if you want to invest only?  Look, what happens many times is the new design, the new design, in that affair, you will have to give it at Rs. 20, only then the goldsmith will earn money otherwise how will the goldsmith's jewelery business run, the jewelery worker there will not make the design and will not make different ones for women.  If it is not made as per the requirement of the people, then how will it work? Well, it is working, but if you ask me personally, the designs are also old, what happens many times when the mother-in-law  If it is old then it has no value. Otherwise, the same design will be brought again in antique design and some exotic designs will be made and will be sold at high prices. Like I am telling you, give an example and see, by doing research actually, one thing is happening in Haryana.  It was used a lot. Okay, so what was the joke? If it was done like this, then many people used to say that it seems as if something has been put in the neck of a buffalo. But now this is the latest design and the Hasli's that are coming in it these days are completely hollow. The design of Hasli is that earlier it used to be maybe 5 tola to 10 tola and was solid from inside which was made like this because it was  I am making this video like a real grassroots leader. Send this video to you ladies too and tell them that you did not understand this, now it is coming out as hollow. Now the ladies have shown their original  I do n't know when the designs were broken, so there is a request to those women who are sitting with good old designs, do n't break your designs so soon, just because your mother-in-law has given it to me, so I have to take something new. That is the message, then you will pay breaking charges and if you are doing this, then show this video to your other women who are listening to me and say brother, listen, this is a very good video of ours.  If someone is going to break a joke of five tolas, then accept it, take it among yourselves, brother in law, brother in law, sister in law, it has nothing to do with it, similarly gifting happens, what is the problem in that, take it, make sense of it, there is no problem with it.  There is no problem in any way, take yours or brother, you take this money and will give it to the jeweler. Okay, then he will go and give it to the jeweler. You go and give the money to the jeweler too.  Do you have to give one lakh rupees of five tolas or two lakh rupees, whatever you want to give, if there is a thing to give two tolas or three tolas, then brother, you take it, give it to me, but I have 20 rupees left.  If I want to invest in gold, I would have gone and bought coins, if I had bought anything, I would have had to pay again. Please tell me how you liked this idea. Share and like. Thank you very much.