Hello friends, D Youth needs you to follow these two things but I am going to tell you a healthy life practical thing, I don't think till now anyone has explained it in detail, two things, one thing is very important for women, the first thing is very important and the second thing is important for both. So, I will tell you listen carefully, first thing is footwear, women must forward it to their mothers, sisters, wives, daughters, everyone who is listening to this, ladies are wearing very uncomfortable footwear.  There are too many issues, too many issues are going on, then they are becoming a free cocktail of hormones and are bringing a lot of bitterness in life. Next, women of India should also wear good school shoes because is that sense not yet in fashion?  No, will those ladies still go wearing that chapel or the painting of hills or no one cares that the teachers or working ladies are caste wearing so much hill, some are also caste wearing it, it is okay but mostly party.  I wear such things but even the working women do some program of such height and they are getting very tired in their life, health issues are happening and men are also doing the same among them, I have seen such pointed shoes.  See, such people keep their entire legs like this, there is no comfort in it, there is no bottom, just wear a suit for style and that Ranveer Singh is the film actor, he is the most of D bill no, we wear him anything, he is us.  keep one thing in mind  If you were a westerner, you would have worn a suit. Under the suit, you would have to wear leather shoes. Those would be bed manners. By wearing Bharat shoes, I am not a nerd like Bharat shoes. Get them while walking, get good, expensive, comfortable ones. Get them from a good brand.  But you will give it and what will be the biggest benefit of it. Secondly, let me tell you one thing. First listen carefully, what will be the benefit of this when you are wearing very good footwear, whether climbing the stairs, walking for a long time, taking a walk in the office, drinking water.  You will feel like walking again and again because sweet are not troubled and when you go in the lift, even if there are three floors or two floors, you take the help of lift because you are wearing footwear like this, then you bill release date in a de aate n.  A place if you are wiring a good bharat shoes you bill and up walking on three thousand steps sir because of dose only because for any lady then it happens that if she is in Gurgaon  Like, why does Uber and Ola run more in the city? Why don't buses run more? Because of the power trekking here and the children who go to corporate jobs, now they can't walk, so they have to get off the bus and walk. The story will tell and then walk.  You will have to say that girls wear clothes only like this, they wear shoes only like this, there is no need to go too far in that. Today, by turning on the results, Uber and Ola are more popular. In this way, I am telling you after observing a city like Gurgaon, but that  Your lower part of the head, even if you understand acupressure, the points should be like G, fit, relaxed, it is in a very big condition, so before sleeping at night, feed by putting a few grams of water in water and adding salt, you must do this.  Especially women who have a lot of time to stand, teachers are ahead, teachers are ahead in profession, ladies are traveling a lot, what is it these days, the custom of sitting is no longer there in private schools, earlier my country was the same.  The teacher used to have a sitting system, I believe if I am not, correct me, this system is over, now the teacher has to stand and there are no such rest periods, in one period she is standing here and then in the other she is standing and then  If she is standing there then that IT Bill Take IT which is on your health may be young, no pain would still be there, there might be some issues but right now they are getting accumulated, then you have to pay them in your Fortis.  If yes, then don't do this. The second thing that I am going to tell you is also very important for men. First of all, I will tell you that even while roaming around in such tight jeans and such tight pants, your program in the coach area will be spoiled and then you have become such a mess, how?  It has become so tight in India, I do n't know the tradition of India, I will open it in South India, let the dhoti breeze come in North India and take a completely relaxed course, now I can't do that, mother, for some reason, such feats are happening.  Don't have any problem, do n't know why people have made it a rule that you can't go there wearing such a thing, you have to do less, isn't it right and if Ranveer Singh wears it then it's fine but we can't wear it, I don't want to wear dhoti.  I am saying this but I want to tell a word to women as well as men but the shirt is very comfortable, it has openwork, it has breeding, it is a bit expensive but there is money on value and it does not get spoiled by getting old, it blooms equally, which means it is like any other.  will seem a little expensive but  If you look at his life, look at the comfort, give more, believe in the value, which is the sticky environment in India in the most off-day time, like right now in September, the video is being made, still the environment, if you see, is sticky type, it is a relief, mostly sir, it is like this.  There is relief in the environment and down in the South, there is relief in general, so these linen pants have also come, it is very comfortable, very comfortable, women should not wear these.  By doing this tight system from above, the effect on health increases a lot. Boys are getting affected and tight shoes, tight pants, how do you move around like this, then they keep coming out of the tight, that gold, how will you stay tight, otherwise it will be slavery.  The job will definitely be done, it will not be a brain one, the Guru element will not awaken, you have seen the Guru, relaxed with Ram, the real Gurus whom you see openly live in spirituality and remain like this, they cannot even wear sealed clothes, they  You just have to wrap something, that means it is up to the level, so I am not telling the waterfall not to wear sealed clothes and by doing that, whatever ultimate knowledge and logic guarantees less on the back side only, I am saying that as much as you people can do.  You can do this thing as much as you can on my recommendation because some of my recommendations have come in between, after every 20-30-40 videos, once in a month or two, I am like this.  I give a recommendation, people do it last time, I also told about this thing about oil pulling, some people had done it and they got very good benefits, so I bring some practical things like this and you people just do it.  I want to tell the ladies that the beauty is in the mind that I am wearing these shoes, with this the Indian shoes will not look that much, it has been made by the society that you should not sit and that becomes the body, there are other shoes in it.  Then there are those who come and have different meanings, there are a lot of issues in the feet, now as I do astrology, I can also know from the horoscope that there is a problem with your hands, if there is something wrong with your fit, then the expenses are also very high. Now they will be more, then I will not make them at all astrological, take good care, it is very important, many problems will not come, there will be no problem of blue circulation, your fit will be very good, soft, good, wear good Bharat shoes and they are not playing, good quality.  They are also very good looking, expensive, comfortable, of good brand and if you want, then take two also, that is, you have to do it in color combination, otherwise they come in universal colors, they go well under ladies suits, they are comfortable to wear, they are good.  And make a little variation in your dress. I told the variations to the ladies too. I am also telling them according to fashion sense that if you are going to wear plain pants, wear them inside C and B or any other.  If the color is lighter than that then the Bharat shoes below it will be very good, it will match a lot, you will love it and you will enjoy it, it will increase your productivity while doing less, try it, it does not make me hacks from the book of all the foreign knowledge. Door Dish 22 Things 20 Things, let me tell you one or two things, okay do these one or two things in your life, give me feedback and share this video with people, because it happens when everything goes to do, then I have ordered it out.  If it doesn't happen then first you will come wearing support wiring bharat shoes this note challenge with d color you change it now my friend in which country are you doing it stay comfortable many people are wearing bharat shoes so buy the good ones or this kind  Look, some of them are also worth Rs. 60, 70, 80, 90300000. Look at Karan Johar's and sometimes he roams around wearing Ranveer Singh's, so it is not that there is poverty in him, it is something else.  This is mine and this is this lane, this is not poverty brother, this is the latest fashion, this is further and comfortable, this is the future, so if you are a little different from the one here to the one here, I am telling you this one.  And why is this, what is this, you know, richness bill shoot, it is okay, when the body feels good, then life becomes enjoyable, the whole day is comfortable, it is okay, of course, you live in Asian environment, you have to take an interview, you have to do a little styling, if you have to do this, then I have to do it.  Also know, I also wear mine and study, but give you, you should be like, brother, I will be a child, environment, car, my child, office, my child, the whole channel, but as normal, you are war, you have, you travel, public transport, also wet, but public. Such a very childlike environment may not be everywhere in transport and office too. Okay, so you have to take care and those who are doing less in government jobs are also like this.  Try it, you will enjoy it a lot, it will be great for you to know other women who are unhappy, first of all, I have seen how she wears her shoes, there are 10 types of sorrows in life that no one does like you, do not do this, press on a little more.  If it goes like this for five minutes, then there is something in the feet, if the connection is fine, then please do this one for the feet. Share, have not subscribed to the channel, subscribe. Want to take this membership? Want to take Paisa Spoon membership, want to take some trick or the other.  And minar and workshop once in a month, you can do it, you can also watch old videos, you can watch mental model, sher market, some good videos have been added.