Hello friends, it is a very important topic for the youth. There are three things that the youth needs to answer and that they are not answering. They are not able to understand even the order of these to live a good life and those are the three questions. The first question in life is that  What will you do in life and in which city will you do whatever you do and with whom will you live when you do whatever and in which city you do it? Three innocent questions.  There is no focus on these three, call these three the pillars of life or say the same thing, this is the whole balance plate, what to do, don't know where you will stay, do n't know where you get something, go there, with whom will you live your life, with whom will you tell who?  Who will be your friends? Who will be your wife? Who will be your husband? What will be the relationship of your parents? What will happen to your sister? Recently, I got a lot of consultation within the UN. Who has gone to work in the United Nations?  You get a good salary while doing this, but brother, the postings are of such countries, now what should I name, bombs are exploding in those countries, okay, what is the benefit, friend, you were feeling good because you have focused, I want you.  You Don't Want to See the Full World May Be You Want to See You Know Europeans  A few countries, put one half of Australia, one half of America, although America and Canada have different conflicts going on, right now it is okay, it is very easy to say world, there are big countries in that world, so I want to tell that wake up youth, wake up.  Very Clear Were I Will Choose The Place First No How To Do If You Are We Will Behave Like Baggers Who Don't Have Any Choice Then You Will Be Treated Like One Don't Behave  Like that Choose your place That place has to be a decent big city Close to your language Close to your main area Where you belong to because you will be required to travel a lot I see people going from Bangalore to Haldwani.  The question is where do we land, meaning we reach home using all the transportation skills that we have learned in childhood. Not a good thing, even the ship gets used, then the car, then the bus, the train, and the tonga, and then the elephant, and the horse, don't do it like this, there is no need to stay so far away, choose your place first, it is okay to do.  What does it have to be limited and very niche and here I help in my workshop webinars to know how much you are worth if you are working, can you uproot, what can you do and your  If you can do some work, then what is the biggest problem? If you talk about something like a job, then what do people do? Business is not business, hey, who is telling you to do business, friend, someone must be doing his own work as well, is n't it, those who work on computers?  If you press such and such buttons, then this is an organization. Someone gave work to this organization, this organization distributed the work, it kept the money before that, okay brother, you will do the work and gave you the work and you got the money.  So, if there is a system such that you say, 'Jamura, I find it useful and the world knows about it, then that work can be given to you here and you can be paid for it, brother, this is a 10-week project because all these people are there.  By doing this, this etcher who does not have to do anything but just keep the accounts, the back end is fine, the admin, this building, all these expenses are incurred, then the profit is made, only then the client is charged, by bypassing all this, you can give him a good rate, but this is  Like people's brain does not work because as a youngster it does not work, I understand but when you have done all this for 5, 10 years, 15 years, then the perspective is off. Now I am not just telling about IT, I am telling in terms of if you  There is a phone company which sells phones, take any name and is sitting there earning money and giving it back. It has a system. Everything happens in every company and the money is made somewhere at the shop where the customer comes.  Is  Unless yours is absolutely yours, even if it is your consultation, you are the consultant, he is just bringing clients, so bringing clients is not a problematic thing in today's technology, you are listening to me, I also bring clients.  Getting customers is not a difficult thing after all, connect with people directly and earn more money but people will not think like this. Third thing is marriage, who has to do the marriage and what has to be done, for that there is only time.  No, because where to stay and what to do, it is taking a toll on the youth. In that moment, all your sugarcane juice goes out, after that you are too afraid that now I have no scope left. It seems that some girl comes like this.  Just take care of everything and give him happiness. The girl is also working somewhere. He thinks, who knows if I find a boy and he means give me facilities and if I get a job, then these three things have to be. Sorted Out If You Don't Sort These Three Things Out If You Don't Answer These Questions You Will Never Be Able to Be Settled as a Person You Will Never Be Able to Live a Happy Life People fall prey to success Five Ways to Become Five Mistakes I Did in 20 Ankur Warik Ji Like Na Do The SIP Kisi Ne A Kisi Ne Bol Raha  By taking a sip, you will move away from this, I am saying brother, decide three things, this is a river of fire, you have to pass through this, no one is left, set your three things, somehow, and don't overestimate yourself, settle for something, I don't.  Want to Settle for Anything Less I Want the Best O You Want the Best But You're the Best You're the Second Best Okay So You 'll Get What You  Deserve in the long run Why do you want something You are wanting something I am not that thing I am not going to come to you just because you want keep wanting Simply speaking I want this I want this Guruji I want this I what keep wanting wanting ka What do you want, what do you want, I want this, bring me the moon, give me idli do idli do Madhuri ji's song was long ago, it's okay, so select your city first, because I do n't want to go to other cities, how can it be like this? Oh, it's possible that you were taught, it can't be like this because you are made a slave, your city first.  Catch up, then catch up with the work, catch up with the office boss, same or not, but mine is there, but if papa is saying like this, then they would have got papa a job, these parents jump when it comes to marriage, we will tell the parents that boys.  marry who  Do it with the girl, why did you ask for a job, with whom should you do it, before that you were a hero, so there is no one else, son or daughter, do whatever you want to do in life, get married, we will tell you and after marriage, we will tell you more because if we do n't have enough time, then this  Very hilarious as well as very tragic, both the things are going on together, the situation is youth's hilarious too. Hey you decide, you are South Indian, find a city in South India and your life will end there. Find a little between Bangalore and Hyderabad.  If you are from this side, then catch Pune, Mumbai, hold the top higher, there are no other cities, no, there are no other cities, if you do not live a good life, then after 10 top 10 cities, no one exists in India, then only India exists.  Where nothing is happening, India is sitting there, protecting the religion, somewhere wrong things are being done, hooliganism is happening, time is being wasted, money is not being talked about and relationships are getting spoiled, that is India.  and very big  This is India, this is India, I call it Vela Bharat, out of 140 crores, 70 crores are ours, they have to do commentary, it is okay, they have to discuss over tea, they have to do politics, they have to do nothing, what are these people, mostly they are their or  So, she is giving them five kilos of grain, is they getting any pension, are they getting any subsidy from somewhere or is their rent coming from somewhere, this 70 crores is not decided by the country, what else?  The country will do this and after seeing them, people are deciding - father, mother, uncle, grandfather, uncle, wife's father, he said like this, brother said like this, what does he do, what does he do, what does he uproot, nothing, it was just a plot of grandfather, he left it.  Sold it there and then took two there and then left there, just sat there and made the inheritance better, what did they themselves uproot, there were clucks in normal PWD, there were clucks in SB, I told them.  Don't want to put down but SBI clerk will not explain a youngster who is it employee earning 18 20 25 lakhs package that I will teach you no you can't teach you didn't have exposure you have respect don't let anyone down but  You should stay within your limitations as much as you have exposure and leave all these things to the experts who will tell you and explain. I am saying this to experts like us.  They just tell me that whatever knowledge you have, work on it and leave it, the youth knows everything, these days there is such a thing that you type on the internet and you do not get the answer, the only problem is that you type 1200.  Calories will come from diet khat 1000 calories diet khat se Energy deficit required to lose weight 7000 calories 1 kg ok if i  Lose a 1000 calorie deficit per day by dieting 700 and exercising 300 then I will lose 1 kg weight. You have learned this but now there is all the problem in doing it to survive on that 1200 diet and exercise to lose weight. Here is the twist in the story, it is difficult to do.  To do this we need someone wise, this nutritionist, this gym trainer, this  He is not fit, how will his job work, everything is told in horoscope astrology these days, my Rahu is here and my horoscope is like this, but I don't understand how to do it, I get stuck there, what is stopping you? So external help will help you so own people can't help to sort out your world you will stay then till it will happen here only what ever  Will Happen That I Say Karma Bhoomi And Then You Choose What Ever You Want To Work If you don't get a job in Gurgaon then you are not employable anywhere You will not get anywhere if you do not get a job even in Pune After Using Choose  Do anything, do it in Pune, do it in Bangalore, do it in Hyderabad. Baba, this is a big city. If you don't get a job here then you will not get it anywhere else. So remember this thing and marriage is also like this when the tantrums will end and the request program will end.  You will go and get married. There is no shortage of boys or girls in India. There is no shortage of tantrums in India. Well, when the tantrums will end, the boy will appear on his own. Just as you are average, so is the boy who is average, so both are.  Both friends will meet, both are average, okay average people, when both average people meet at the right time, then life becomes below average, it is not one and one two, they become more than two and this is a big observation of mine but right.  on time If one gets married, then one and one average people becomes more than two, then above average becomes. I hope you liked the video, pay attention to this thing, two people are not giving importance, they are trying to find the best city too.  Live in best spouse to marry best job there is no best job no best husband no best city you have to choose. When the buffet is lying ahead, if you eat all those things then your stomach will get upset. You have to Choose or not, my friend, this is what I want to eat, then fill your plate. I have seen many people spoiling their stomach by filling their plate with wrong things because you do not know exactly and you do not know how avocado tastes, so avocado.  I have heard a lot about avocado, I can't eat it brother, it's okay, it may be expensive, it may be cheap, it may be stylish. Avocado sandwich, how are you eating it, friend? We will mash it and eat it, please forgive me friend.  There are many people on you, they are standing in a line, they are working hard, avocado is done, then avocado is found, avocado, you are supposed to be very happy, don't you like Sashi, Sashi is very good, oh friend, this raw rice, raw, how can you like this, friend?  It's very good, these are all the equivalents of Sashi and avocado, I am living this life, I want avocado, I get Sashi, if you do n't get it first, it won't taste ok.  If you do n't understand, then why are you feeling sad? Ask someone, brother, it is okay with someone like you, it is okay with a desi like us, that brother, the jam is perishable, the grind is perishable, do n't eat this one, it is okay, leave this one, that one is good, that thing is okay.  I have to explain by taking so many examples to make it light also I am not to put the youth down I am not to tell you that you are stupid you are stupid I am not like that just think  That I am a friendly neighborhood spiderman try help you ok brother no one will come and help you ok including the spiderman will come won't tell No one is going to come into your life to do this, you will grow old like this. Choose your good breathless puri or good crispy kachori. These are good and for health. This is not good, no one has come after drinking the nectar, everyone has to go, eat on time, okay, you are a youngster, eat crispy kachori, eat puri in bed, I have my own list, it tastes good, the soul should be satisfied, okay, those born here are eating here.  Yes, eat olive oil, pavli booze, desi ghee cow halwa, it is fun, okay, winter is coming now, all olive oil will not be left, you are not Italian, brother, okay, you are going to eat it.  Good one, cool, okay, so you live in India, live in India, let me tell you about India, okay, so you guys I hope you like it, enjoy it and learn the lesson, this is the short answer to this question, Jin Jin got all the three answers.  If you have any problem in life then please write in the comment section. If you have done two, then write. If you don't know even one, then write that too. If there is something else for him, then I will organize how to answer this. Questions that is also my expertise How do you choose with city to What are the parameters Kuch to hoga nahi Akkad Bakkad Bambe vo 80 90 Poore 100 Aise aise kar kar hai How to marry Whom to do Guruji All look good No one says yes  So or boy, what you like, you don't see, what you see, you do n't like, so how to choose, this helps, okay, if you have a question in the comment section.  If you have not joined yet, then you will find the webinar info group in the comment section. Join it. If you have some plan on these topics someday, then come join, learn, ask questions, you will know how to do it. Okay, so all the questions have been answered.  Will go to thank you very much for you guys