Hello friends, I am a people on free surprise and I am preparing for government jobs and if my luck is good then I am waiting for the date because no one is telling me. The coaching people are not telling me. Brother, you are preparing for the job and you should get a government job.  And here I am talking about Group A and Group B only because that is my audience and below that, in this note, the audience is you listen, enjoy, troll and write something.  That is a different thing but I have defined my audience otherwise everything cannot be applicable to everyone. So if you are preparing for this then there are three surprises in it. The first surprise is if you think and which comes to me in the comment area.  Because what a government man is is not to be written, it is such a thing that you will get a lot of it in a government job, it is not, no, but I had seen my uncle, my uncle, my maternal uncle, my brother-in-law, my his  Papa, the neighbor didn't know that you talk about 2030, that's why it's a surprise. What's the surprise? Brother, the story is nothing if you don't expect it. The second thing is that there will be a problem in your marriage and what nonsense is he saying? Everyone wants to marry a government official and these ads come and these memes are made and what do they do like this, he will not get married to the girl with whom you want to marry, you want G level, you only want this one, you will get something by doing this.  So it's okay but you have to retire the one inside you because once you get that, if you get a car, it will be parked in the garage, there will be depression in one year, clothes will not fit in 2 years, if there will be issues in it in 3 years, then that which  The woman you will marry should not be someone who has less power, if you are in government service because you have so many transfers, not all the jobs are there and if such transfers do not make up five percent, then we are not talking about them. Video 90%  The video is divided for 90%, now see, food, job, PSU, bank and the rest of the jobs, there will be 5-10% of them. If the story is set in one place, then it is set in a big city.  Due to the problem there, no girl wants to live without it today and after 2023, make a home, sell your designed restless suits, if they are not available in a small town then your market value will fall along with you.  This is the market value of government servant, the market decides how many girls, now this is the latest trade reversal, then go and realize what you are already facing, please write in the comment area that brother, we are here and you are absolutely right. Yes, the third thing is power and respect, it has gone much less than it used to be. Respect has become so low that today in our India no one is respecting anyone. No one respects anyone.  If there is, then you write only one of our brothers standing at the border, they are respected, they also need honey, apart from that, no one gives it to anyone, nor is the politician getting it, the doctor is being told something, everyone in the government knows about the bureaucracy.  The problem is that whatever the government does, but a government job is not everything, then how can it be that there is an organization that you don't like anything about and you don't know what you keep saying to it, but if you want to go, then go for it.  If you come from a well-to-do family and are from a big city and have your own household in your family and are not lower class or poor, then do not apply for these jobs. If you do not say that it motivates, then I am demotivating you. If you are getting demotivated then this is not the reason for you. Understand that if you are a poor person, you have no choice to jump and increase your social status because to reach this level, the government is there for you.  The job is not demotivating you, it is not demotivating you, but what is wrong with what many people are saying now? In India, in our country, in the next 4 years, everyone will understand it well. I was telling you this a year ago but it is wrong.  And there is a big drop who is preparing, he is already telling him that I am going, it is useless, then how will my Azimo Shaan Shahenshah happen, who is going to make my train, no, it will not be made real after 3 years.  He is taking the tissue out of the car like this, he is not going to become like this, he is not going to become, he is not going to ask, he is the one saying the same thing, no gram is burning in the pan, but the gas below it will be banded 2 seconds earlier, so now you will not.  Do you know that it is a gas band, Rakhi, you are thinking that if you have bread and sheikh, then you have to work on the tawa gum, right from 2023 to 2055, till 2007, till that time, the program is going down completely. Transit is like this, do n't waste, become a leader, if you become a government servant, then under whom will you work, if you do it for the public, then if you say you are a servant of the public, then the public will tell you, there has to be something like this, some man has reached your office.  To reduce this, today's government servant does not do anything like this, whatever is the role of a government servant, IT and everything is with the politicians to elect politicians, so when you have to get a job under them and you know this then it is  Become one, then there is no qualification in this, in 12 years you will become a small-time leader, with the amount of hard work you are doing for the government service, you can become a decent politician if your intentions are right, you are a good person.  So, you say no, this is not a good thing, then I am saying that this is not a good thing, then don't do this also, if you don't like it, then how can it be good? You think for yourself, this is the order of the day.  He will set the agenda, he will set everything, everything will be on his side, and this is not good, if you are not of him, if you don't do it, then you will fall asleep like you do, then the system of corruption will become such that you will not understand the politicians.  He is also very worried, what is he talking about today, hey, go and ask, many politicians are leaving politics, this is also a factor, there is nothing, there is no power, no money, no respect, no knowledge, next.  You will get tickets right now  Comedy is going on in the country, go and ask any politician, brother, you are getting a ticket, you will definitely get a ticket to contest again, no one knows anything, some are all roaming around doing this and that, so these are the things.  I am wasting my time, band and dog, then what should we do and to do good which is less than dead thousand, it means keep wasting time here, keep standing in line here, means keep giving more papers here, many people, many children, By listening to the taunts of your parents  From living in a small town, we come to a big city. Let's go to Mukherjee Nagar, we got rid of them, here we talk to our friends, youngsters, tea, water stand, and if nothing else happens, then at least we will have experience. They say that the friend who has studied on YouTube for 10 years.  Look, people with experience have no value; the experience gained has no value. ₹ 10 which you described as the crown of Palasi, happened in this year of Buxar in 1757.  In 1764, this is how it happened, then that movement happened like this, this is what happened: 2 kg chain means 2 kg, you cannot buy anything, you can buy the name, no shop, no one is going to give it the knowledge, no one is monetizing what is being taught. And after studying so much, there is no practicality, then the story is that you are not fit for a job, I have been preparing for UPSC for 10 years, I don't understand, how can people even play for one percent point, I am not  I will go, there is a chase of 50%, let's be positive, be completely optimistic because 50% of it is good point, optimistic for one percent, otherwise what should we do, do anything, friend, whatever the world is doing, you many people think like what to do.  Answer: No, easily, for free, Bhola Bhala will come on YouTube and tell you, then you will become rich through YouTube, one day ago, I was very poor, then I came to youth on clarity.  I and then he made me very rich for free without taking any money and did not make him say that you can earn ₹ 5000, you can earn 10000 just like this, then the right thing remains, what can I say, Akshay Srivastava ji has completed it, he said that like this  In this way also he is after everyone, don't give any free advice and if someone is not qualified then do n't give his advice, never listen to anyone for financial advice and invest only with me.  Listen, till date no one has become rich by investing. Money is made for use. The money which is useful and its free cash flow is very high. Meet the lion market. Brother, only the one who remained in the lion market and remained in the lion market is the relief.  The one who has a lot of money every month is not relieved. The one who had sent a ship to Switzerland to buy taxes, had done every education of his child for his life. He broke Gullak, Aamir Khan became rich. He is the lion in the market. The one who has so much money every month.  Money comes and he puts some points out of it, relief is there on the story in real estate or share market and if he does n't tease it then he comes and says that if he gets returns here in 15 years, then I will do this and this in this video. Your clip is left on the hanger on this one. If you want more aspect and clarity then do it but you are going to get these three surprises, do not go and discover these surprises, you got this and this, you got this, the first reward, they were showing one in Bangladesh.  Wrestling or boxing or I don't know what that is. He won a body building competition. He died so much that he made a body. He got the washing machine. The saree mixer of the washing machine. Washing machine is a big thing. He got the mixer and then he kicks it. Then after making it  You are saying that you have insulted us, meaning what award did you get Mixi? So when you go here, you will get the same surprise that I am a government servant, an officer, came here and organized so much competition, everyone is very happy.  He or she is middle class, you will not even ask if I belong to you, many parents are pushing, so do the pushing, there is no selection for you, there is some or the other selection, mother, I am selecting, send it.  Look at the thinking of those who select you. If I know that I am selected, I will look for one thing. By giving him a job, he is also a good fellow. Look, those who reach the interview stage where the final selection takes place, there everyone is the same.  As soon as it happens, because I have passed the paper, now in 19-20, I get a rank of 5-10, if it goes down in 5-10-20, then I would say that he definitely has more, his life will be clouded.  I am telling this, no one has told me, I have not been in touch with anyone. Nobody discusses but just think about it logically. If you have to select someone, both the candidates are fine but I know.  That friend, this is a matter of bread, you are also rich, there is doubt about it since yesterday, this poor guy is getting sympathy, why should he go to him, this is how it is, only a human being is sitting here too, because if I am in my organization.  If I am selecting for government or I look, I am not selecting for government but I am selecting for private, this thing seems to be applicable in private also, this formula seems to be there.  That friend, both of them are the same, he definitely needs more job, then his value will be more, on top of that, we can spot him more, the one who is not special in this food and drink, he will leave anyway, he is not able to get the job, that little pressure.  It comes to economics, get a job in private, a lot of recommendations are required in India, jobs in India are given by recommendation, so almost all the private jobs are available, these days it means there should be full recommendation because I don't have time to give any recommendation to you.  It is not worth typing, this is also the case in hair positions too, but there is selection in lower positions. In that, this thing which I have told you is a good caste, then I am this thing which people get disturbed after hearing, it is not politically correct, no one has told it, but brother, at least someone has.  Come and tell me, someone should come and give clarity, otherwise no one is talking, this thing does not happen like this, it should not happen, my friend, the biggest problem for me is this cry of the middle class, how long will this cry continue?  You will believe that this should not happen, exactly what has to happen will happen and the people who are behind making it happen are their incentives, there is logic, there is a star and that is yours, you will be wise that you are here in this situation, so now in this situation, your Maybe you don't have to lower your status to get the best. Now you don't want to come here because this situation is not good. If the man here is being recognized by you then he will feel proud of himself.  If he does, then he will have to be removed from this game, straight to the note, game, you play, I will make a video on this too, further games which unit you play, if you want, ok, thank you, subscribe and if you haven't liked it yet, please like it. Inside that, in the comment area, you will find Info Winner Group, subscribe to it, join it, if you like something, you will enjoy listening, then you can join accordingly, you can get that, you can get more also plus you.  Bill Get Access To Previous Recording Also Thoughts On Line D Members Thank You Very Match