Hello friends, this can be a life changing video if you guys watch it completely and understand it. I am going to tell you three secrets about criticism. I may question some old belief systems but I will talk about things that are going on in the present times and about the times to come.  Many of these things are applicable for them. I will tell you three secrets. Which one did you enjoy listening to and which one did you like the most? Which one will you follow more? Which one will you understand more? Tell me by doing 1 2 3.  The first thing I will tell you is, yes, criticism means there is also criticism. Normally, who will criticize you or whom will you criticize? I am giving you a formula for never doing more than you, doing less, achieving more, normally being in a butter position.  Your criticism will not help, you have to see that if you are here doing little and doing so little then the person sitting here who is doing so little will not do it, he does not have time. He doesn't have time, you see, in 99.99% of the cases, the person who is trying to do more in life and the one who is doing less, the more he criticizes and condemns, and you will see this pattern in the elders when  When there is very little to do in life then one of their default settings is everything is nothing, sometimes everything is nothing in life, but seeing this pattern when there is nothing much for oneself to do in life, then that  The vacuum is filled by others This is a fact in criticizing you. Check it out. If someone is criticizing you then check what is his/her profile, how much do you do, what are you chipping in. You will see some pattern and apply it on yourself also that you are doing the same.  Criticism: Now many people will say like this, hey, he is sycophantic, so how much more should we criticize him, that is, he is doing more than you, do n't get bogged down in whether good or bad is less, he is sycophantic more than you, you do it.  No, I don't want to do it, that is, it is not in your power, you don't know how to do it, or it does n't take any of your autokarita, I have given an extreme example, wait is very difficult to explain, it is a wrong thing, respect is vice, so someone or the other must be creating something more than someone.  In the situation, he must be doing something in excess due to which he is inviting criticism. I have given an extreme example in which people also give justification that otherwise he has reached ahead by doing charter kart.  Also, who has stopped you, you do it, no, I can't do it, if you can't, then don't do it, then the second thing is a secret, a dark secret, but to tell the truth, I tell you, there is a lot of pleasure in criticizing, this is a truth, what to do next?  I will tell you that I take great pleasure in criticizing people. Catch someone, the mother-in-law is criticizing the daughter-in-law, the daughter-in-law is criticizing the mother-in-law, you are criticizing the boss, you are criticizing the porter, you are criticizing a friend, you are criticizing. Need an external person for  What is social media etc. these days, brother, we enjoy it, it is a fact, if we say it, it is not a good thing, it is not, I am making a statement that we enjoy criticizing but we do not get success in it, if you do not want to live your life.  If you want to achieve success and reach somewhere in life and do something in life, then condemnation is not the word. Now, just as some people may enjoy drinking alcohol, I did not say that it is good to condemn, it should be done like drinking and smoking.  is n't it good to drink  Yes, but people drink because they enjoy it. Similarly, criticism is also the same. Enjoyment is what they do. Enjoyment comes but it does not take you anywhere. Just as drinking alcohol does not take you anywhere, there is something wrong with smoking cigarettes in life.  There is no reaching anywhere, maybe if you get some relaxation, then you say that you feel good, but many people are not in the region to get that relaxation, some say that the stress is reduced, everyone is different, many say that you have lost the habit, that's it. nothing full  If many people had the same habit then they would also have lost the habit of criticizing, there is no point in criticizing you but seeing you, if you want to reach somewhere in life, then criticism will not bring you success, it will definitely give you fun, so it is in these dose of D categories, now the third one.  And the last one is very important, if you have done this then it is implementable then the knowledge was at the level of the first two and the third one, I am going to tell you a very big thing, people say that a healthy decision is a good one.  I want to speak late, there is nothing called healthy criticism, there is nothing called healthy criticism, criticism can never be healthy and it is not unspe, in three to four five minutes I will tell you something very beautiful, wonderful, stay connected with the poet, do not leave, try to understand, settle down.  It takes effort to understand things, first you have to idiot, think that it is original content, understand it, then try to understand it in the form of words, if third  If I was successful in understanding the point then please clap me a little, write success, subscribe the channel and like it. Now listen. If someone ever comes to you in your life, brother, let me tell you one thing, will you not mind? It is possible that you may have said this in your mouth.  Have you told anyone or should I narrate it to you, first of all tell me whether you have heard it or not. Have a little participation from the audience. This is my request with folded hands. Only then will it be fun. This is a one-sided content. Good night.  It is not fun at all, tell me, have you heard this thing, friend, let me tell you one thing, friend, anyone can speak. A friend, if I tell you one thing, you will not mind, you have to answer immediately, friend, mostly I go, don't tell me, then the next person will say surprise.  It will happen because of this Never Hard Like This, I am telling you for your good, tell me not to do any harm to me, I tell you in the reason, you have to understand carefully, I am consultant difference between  Criticism and Feedback is the mask of healthy criticism that we wear. We want to show that we want to give you any feedback. You understand the feedback that is there. Genuine feedback is at least your sources are fine and it is you by date feedback.  You've made a channel You've done a drawing You've done a business plan You've done something You've done Professional consultant because I do  This professional consultancy in like date I understand why would I give feedback to someone by applying my mind when I have no benefit in it. Understand that there is joy in criticism. You understand that there is joy in it, isn't it like an addiction? If it is genuine, any man, then only two types of people will give you genuineness: your wife, your parents, your siblings, your children or in a relationship because the devil is part of you, then they will not ask you this again.  Your father or mother or anyone else doesn't ask like this, your wife or you, I am going to tell you, so wo n't you feel bad? About you, this is very good, this is good, that good, yours, this is very good, that's good, that's good, one line positive, after that but this but after that, what will you say now, friend, why should we not take this healthy criticism, what is wrong with it?  We have taught you to keep the cynics close and all that remains, brother, today we are talking about all the old notes of knowledge, change because what happens where it is imminent from you are not it is a procession, something because it will create a lot of self-doubts.  It will have direct impact on a selfie stick. It is very easy to say that mine is so high, it does not matter, everyone has it, everyone has it. You have started off from criticism and perform respect vice, these cricketers are Virat Kohli hai apne jitne ye to itna hota agar don put this to woh batting aur vendala hi nahi pakada jayega bhai you have started off that genuine feedback if there is any to give. So I take Sachin Tendulkar maybe give him that brother, bowl like this, your dance is like this, this is what is going wrong with you, now that science is a very professional one, so help the professionals. You can understand the expertise of the person who is imparting the knowledge, first of all, criticism is not what Lohi is telling, teachers are telling these things, second thing in the approach which they are taking during the season.  Know that it can be genuine, just as even a stopped clock shows the correct time twice a day, then nothing is ever 100 out of 100. In life, you may miss it. Genuine 23  People It Is Possible [Music] 97 98% People Will Make You Doubt Anything Start something in life Start something in life People will come to give advice on everything And they criticize because they can't do it Actually brother  This means that you can do whatever you are doing somewhere else. So the same criticise, this voice of yours is not right, your face is not right, your clothes are not right, tell me what about you will come out very genuinely, no man lo, you are wearing very bad clothes, it looks wrong in your face, your hair is messed up, in general, that  If something is visible, someone from your family will tell you when you are getting ready, your wife will ask what you are wearing or someone outside, your brother, sister or parents will give you something in bulk, that is for her, you are for someone else.  There is no need to weigh that thing which is too grocery out of yours, any thing which is too grocery out is known to the person himself, but all these people who will come to criticize you in this way will  By becoming a consultant, you will see that any good consultant will monetize something in it and it will benefit directly and indirectly. If I am making this video also, I am also a consultant, then my channel is mine, my subscribers are mine.  Monetization is my views, I am building my brand, I have a thousand things going on, I am advertising, come like this, shake you, do Nista Naboot, and I will make better videos in the future, how should I take feedback for you people, because when the turn comes to actually take it. Isn't it, no knowledge is gained because I am telling that trees are professional consultants, people come with problems, the brain is curdled by Congress party, you know I did consultation with Prashant Kishore ji first. Told them that there are so many slides in the party, one cannot take all the slides, sometimes what happens is that I do tree consultation, a kind of criticism comes out in that too, I am being professional, in that also the person feels bad, our role in being such a consultant is this.  Also, don't shake his basic self team, don't shake his base, he has to be turned on first, it's not an easy thing, it can just go out, if you tell him, then like you, whatever health advice is there, that too.  You don't take it from anyone, nor do you ask any professional on the go about what medicine to take, how to treat the disease, then whenever you come under criticism on any of these things, look at that thing. Have you asked for it from the next Banda? Advice because then a lot of criticism will come wearing a mask of genuineness, I am telling this and it will come from my friends, from the boss, friend, I want to give you an advice, I want to do it, in many places you cannot agree, in many places you  You can't start up but you can be mentally set off, everyone has their own agenda because it's a simple thing, these days everyone is so busy in life, why would anyone want to do good for you without any benefit, think for yourself, what can happen in the situation. Video of summarized quicklient finish: There can be only two situations, one is that you are going to the tree consultant, right now I am getting money, I want to do good to you for this reason and we will talk for an hour. You are interacting, you are understanding and that one is working less as a professional and the other is the blood relation of your family, your wife is your husband, who has direct and indirect involvement in your life, in your growth, in your success. They can be a part of it.  Just like you do it for your child, do it for your parents, do it for your wife, do it for your brother or sister, you can definitely take it, whatever you say, it is okay, he will never start like this, his own brother, friend, brother, yours.  Tell me one thing, will you not find this thing bad? Brother, who has such a role, if he tells you what he has to tell, then you will know that he is giving genuine feedback. Wherever in life you are criticized, think very well about you. That they have been taught that if you want to speak ill of someone then show them some good, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is Chindi, this theft is taught to the public, many a times this knowledge is also available on YouTube, it is also written in books, ho you want, you tell.  Something good about you, making him completely good, no one is so stupid anymore, feed that criticism, you are in a position of power, if you have any employee, then tell me straight brother, I give money to you and this is yours, I do n't like that.  There is a different thing, that you will have to bear because it is a separate relationship, in that you have to bear it, it is your relationship and that is your performance thing, so that is a jhinni for you, but as much as respect and vice. You can avoid people's free criticism, turn it off, nothing good ever happens to you, that means you have to turn it off, tell him brother, who gave you the right to criticize me, so remember that first thing. Who will actually criticize the person who is doing less in life? He may be doing more, he does n't have time but he is not reaching anywhere, so don't criticize others, if you don't succeed then how much do you do, share, like and participate. How about thank you in the comment section?