Hello friends, I have said the top four things because I could not say one place to invest in 2024. I said four because 2024 has been rammed. I would like to tell you in four things, I will tell you in a simple way, asset classes are basically and how and what to do, I will tell you in this. Which one will you do among the four? You tell me, it's okay, I am not a SEBI registered analyst, nor am I going to give anyone's exact name, anyway, okay.  But what I want to discuss as a friend for education purpose is that the first thing you can do is buy some gold this year I am always a fan of actual gold, I mean I have made a separate video a couple of times about that.  They have made people give Sovan gold ball, take it, if it is ETF, that too is fine, whatever comes through mutual fund is fine, digital gold comes, that can also be taken, but beyond this, you can take it as per real gold.  If you want a separate video again, then I will make it. No, no, in that I had also explained the making charges, what are the charges for taking it, okay, I also know the making charges, they are fine, but still you can buy it in whatever way you want.  Hey brother, buy gold, okay, you should do good, okay, the second thing I will tell you, I will tell you one sector in the equity market, in the stock market, because look, there is a lot of run up, if you read something, then it is okay, then someone says it will crash.  Some say it will increase, some say  This will increase a lot, such stories are going on, as far as I understand, elections are being held in 40 countries, so this government will not allow much bad news to come, it will not call any bad news as bad news and there will be something or the other in all the countries.  There will be a feel good factor, now there will be no more noise from Israel and Hamas, the conflict that is going on, the media will also have such programs, Ukraine and Russia are also going on like this, the conflict is going on.  It is because there are elections everywhere, so to get votes, votes are not taken in negativity, they are taken in positivity and whatever is happening in all the countries, not in your own country, tell me in which countries there are elections today, within 2024, tell me the reasons for that.  There may be froth, there may be a run up in the equity market because that is also a factor, so one safe sector of the Indian stock market which I see where one can hide if you are very  There is no leverage. Again, I am not giving the name of the stocks here because here it is not that I am telling you to take this, take this much, I am talking about this particular sector and as far as I know, there are only four or five stocks in that particular sector.  Listed player is sixth and seventh, you won't even get it, man can pick up things even in the basket and that sector is G Insurance, we are still very under penetrated in insurance sector for the next 10 to 15 years. If we follow China also, the penetration in China is 18 to 20% of the population, which is somehow covered by insurance. You also know that insurance is life insurance, health insurance is life insurance.  Insurance, health insurance and then general insurance, car insurance, house insurance, this and that.  That too in hundreds of ways, the main thing is life, then comes health and then everything else, so there is a lot of growth in this sector, as the reason is financial banks are also run up, banks can also do well, they can do all that, but what is this?  If it is under-penetrated, then this is the market itself, which is this market because there are some companies inside it, but the size of this market is such that the size of this market is seen increasing in the coming 10 years, so there will be some run up, this will happen. Tell me how much you agree with this theory that this is a safe sector for us to hide because of IT we don't know whether it has increased or will decrease, what will happen in other places, there has been a lot of run up in mid cap small caps as much as this  This is a matter of life insurance, anyway, these are big companies, you will not find those small companies here, look at their corporate governance, look at their market cap, FII DI, look at their investments, there are a lot of them. Look at the regulatory thing, IDA is a regulator, that means checks and balances are there in your face, no one is small or big, companies are big, governance is also good, there is demand and sustainability too and the hangover of Covid is now gone. They are also coming out in all the years and you will see that run up has come in some and in some you may see run up coming, so I believe that this sector You can easily see in it, after that we go to the second place from the bottom. I come on real estate. Speaking of real estate. There is a lot of real estate. Real estate is a loose term. Buy a plot, buy a flat, buy a low rise, buy a builder floor, buy a shop, normal.  See Buy Office Pace, Buy Commercial, See Real Estate Investment Trust, I have told only a few things, further if you go into fancy things, then Warehouses, Godowns, Reets, don't you know that there are products of Bhati Bhati, when you say gold then you mean gold.  Like what happens in gold, you have to buy gold coins, you have to buy biscuits, you have to buy jewellery, you have to buy expensive gold chains, there is a little variety in it, look at how much variety there is in real estate, then if someone says that real estate will do good, just like someone says.  Yes, when it is said that real estate will do good, then real estate will do good for the buyers, it will do good for those who are making and selling, it will do good for the middlemen, it will do good for the banks, the government will do good for whom is the real estate? Brother, if it will do well for a loo and real estate, in which city will it do well, where will it do well, in which segment, where it will do well in a plot, then it will not do well in a flat, it also has a cycle, so now I am a particular thing in this.  But let me tell you that if you want to do real estate, here is a lot of my experience, call it wisdom, call it clarity, there is a lot of it this year, if you want to do it in any big city, wherever the name of the city is, then whatever.  smallest ticket size  If you get clean property, loan is available, clean construction, security, safety, rent is available, then you should prefer to buy such things. You can buy any small ticket size. In big cities, normally this goes through flats because there is a plot. Not only or very expensive, the smaller the ticket size, the more I have seen people making a mistake in real estate. People are very smart in the real stock market. There is a word used in the stock market called portfolio.  A Portfolio and I am in various sectors, I am invested. Like I told you today about a sector, life insurance is a sector, FMCG is a sector in itself, real estate stocks are their own sector, collision companies are their own sector, something related to defense is its own sector.  Finance has its own sector, Bank has its own separate sector, NBFC has its own separate sector, within that it means IT has its own separate sector, if you look at Automotive, it has its own separate sector in each of them.  If there are 1010 different five stocks then how many sectors are there and every person makes a portfolio in it by cherry picking that he picked this cement company, okay he made this equipment one, he made this automotive one, auto accessories are different in auto which makes light. Someone makes the steering, someone makes the seat cover, someone makes the seat, someone makes the mirror, someone else makes the inner stars, someone makes the engine frame, so many such things, if you go only in the auto sector, then you will get You will get 100 stocks. In every sector, you will get more than 100 listed players, which means there are companies that do different things. You will get a different company that makes axles. You will get a different company that makes shock absorbers, Gable India. Okay, if Auto is making this, then it is different.  Different meaning of tire companies, tires are also different, if it is auto sector, if you look at tire companies, you will find seven or eight of them, then a person uses his brain and makes a portfolio. People do not have this kind of interest in real estate. Why are people?  Family Wealth of 567 10 CR Is in real estate or want to build it Why are you stuck in the same city Why are you stuck in the same locality Geographical diversification Diversification of builder Diversification of the type of property Are all the plots the same people?  Or are all the people in the flats the same? Are all the big people or are all the small people or are all the people from the same builder or will they all buy at the same place or will they create separate portfolios for balancing?  From whom we will further get rental, we will put the rental in mutual funds in ATF in the equity market and they will create a cycle because people do not like real estate, they do a lot of stocks, you have to enjoy both, you should not take too much loan in stocks.  You cannot enter leverage here, there is leverage, property is created over time, after the property is built and I leave you with a hint, you have to concentrate here that brother, if the cost of fund is 85, the income tax is  On rebate small ticket, you can withdraw the entire interest of Rs 2 lakh and if the husband and wife have taken it, then he will get Rs 2 lakh, she will also get interest of Rs 2 lakh, then the interest of Rs 4 lakh will be spent on my property worth Rs 50 lakh. So try to.  On buying a property worth less than one CR, the cost of funds which was supposed to be 2.5% after taking out income tax, practically came to my 7% going forward interest rate.  There are going to be cuts, I will get the property in 3 to 4 years, I am taking it for 15 cycles, even if my rental yield is 4%, I have options at many places even for 6 taka, so 4 pax is 6 taka and I am  I have brought seven and in future it is going to reduce by one and a half, so this gap of mine is one and a half, two and a half, I can manage my cash flow comfortably and  Capital Appreciation Even if I am getting 10 12 13 T but the money is not going all in one go then I can get 13 to 15% return by paying sustainable capital where in the starting rental value is 444% end position. Till now you got 1617%, you got absolute, you got 10 to 11%, but the money went slowly, then you got 16 to 17%. When you get the position, it will not rise so much because the execution risk is over, now it will increase inflation linked. At 6 to 7, you will start getting rental, at four to five rental, at 8 to 10, it will double in 10 years. If it is 4 pa, what was being received will become 89 10 and the rate of rebar, the rate of cement, the rate of labor and the rate of land are all.  The price of goods like tile, everything is increasing, so if inflation is 5 to 5%, then the things have increased by that much because of replacement cost, so brother, when you calculate easily in this way, then you are steering at reasonable health returns. This is the return. Talking about stock market people, they also say the same thing, whenever there is rental calculation, they focus on capital appreciation and no one talks about rental. Brother, I had taken DDA's house in Janakpuri for two and a half lakhs in 1988 and 8990, the rent is coming at Rs 150 and a half lakhs. In which account will you put it today because you will not say, yes, yours is worth two and a half lakhs now.  It is worth Rs 1.5 Crore, according to that, this rent is not a % return. Hey brother, in which account is the rental of Rs 150 not deposited? No, how can it be deposited like this?  If it is there, we will consider only 3, right brother, because right now its value is Rs 1.5 crore, this is the whole catch, this is that no one will explain, financial influencer Wari Kuji never explains on Excel, Akshat never explains, I will explain without Excel, this is what I have done.  I am telling you that this is a channel only for those who have understood, I am telling you why there is any good college, there is good master, there is IIT, there is IM, there is no good college.  There is also an entrance test, it makes everyone sit that come, everyone come and everyone come, everyone come, then the Vivek Mandra controversy will happen, Sandi Maheshwari ji will make it in the future and if it is looted, then what am I saying here?  The thing that I told the calculation, those who have understood, this channel is for you only, it is a small channel, it is a quality channel, quality is in shortage and it is sold in shortage, so this is your benefit. The last thing on which I would like you guys to definitely invest.  Do that on yourself, you have forgotten to do that. Beyond that, I am telling you that we have forgotten to invest in ourselves. After completing your studies, learn some more useful things worth Rs. 200, 300, 500, 1000, 2000.  There are all kinds of things that someone or the other teaches at expense. You will have to invest in yourself. People are not investing because that college charged so much fees.  School guys suck so much when you get a job worth Rs 0000 What youngsters are doing What is this brother you take a job worth Rs 400 How much do you learn about investment You are not rich any place you will have to have a high  You will have to learn income generating skills or multiple low income generating skills will also suffice. Learn one high income skill, which is not very.  Easy but you can learn that also or multiple low to medium income generating skills which you can do simple, small things and that skill will have to be learned by doing any webinar workshop, this is what people do and not just by listening to something.  Even if it increases, there will be no need to do it, after that if Ramdev ji is doing Kapal Bharti, it is okay, he is doing Anulom Vilom and I am just watching, so my health will not improve by watching.  Yes, I am having a little fun watching this, I am getting to learn that this has to be done like this, this has to be done, but if I don't do something then do something else then nothing will happen, here the youth is getting messed up and too much of these videos.  Now stop thinking that if you do SIP of mutual fund like this, then in 5 years it will become this much, in 50 it will become like this, then crores will come, it is not known whether it will come, the content is a financial pawn, I will request all this.  Fin influencers now please stop making this financial pawn that if you do it like this then it will be like this why can't the focus is on learning that brother tell me the analysis of how the tile sector is doing in India. If brothers and sisters you want me to be a financial channel.  And what can I say about all these financial influences, okay no one can use such words but since this is a lesson, there is nothing left, how much is the market. What is the ecosystem, what is the accounting book, tell me the correct data, then the calculation would have been done in it, the stock would have been discussed as to whether it would be worth this much, take this, the whole discussion is on this thing, not on the process, not on the thought process, nobody in India.  This is teaching how to think, what to think, everyone is telling me, here I will request all of you, please invest in yourself. There are five to seven to eight intelligent people around you.  Keep it, if you can't keep it then keep it on youtube0 number. I myself call myself number one Shahana Shahana so that you feel a little bit because your fukare friends are not saying anything, they are neither claiming nor you. Know that because of this you will be just an average of two fine people who are in your life. You are in trouble, make friends with them. Trouble has come in your life, make friends with the idiots.  You idiots are here, calculate yourself, today I will finish the video by telling you something new, the amount of understanding you have to give, that is the average of the seven people you interact with, the amount of money you earn or your ability to earn, that is equivalent.  To just seven people with whom you interact, all of them are the average. Your peace, your happiness is the average of two seven people you interact with. So see who you don't want to interact with.  I can't avoid this, everyone can avoid everything, everything can happen to everyone, so this is something, I wanted to tell you, wish you all a very happy year, prosperous, we have to do it ourselves, okay, we have to work hard ourselves. I have already told on the astrology channel that 20224 years of wear and tear is energy, so wear out will have to be done, hard work will have to be done and I have just got a job, apart from that I have to work from time to time.  You will have to take out your high income or middle income or add your skill set, the employer will not give you time, he will take out all the juice, we are the ones who have to take out the time, so brothers and sisters, will you guys take out the time, if you want to join, then there will be my Subscriber Info Group, you can join in it.  If you are not already connected then you can take membership of the channel. Thank you very much.