Hello friends, this Diwali, five themes, five places, five things, whatever word you want to use, where you should invest, do it in all five, do it in the fifth, do it in the first, do it in all the places in which you want to do it, do it by mixing and matching.  I am bringing five things which are fine for you guys and you tell me which one was better for you and which one will you try, this is not an investment advice, I am telling this for education purpose.  This is my opinion and last time also when I had told that when he reaches for many stocks and many things, it feels good, even if he does not reach for half of it and does it once, but he will check how its returns are till next Diwali.  So the first thing is that you guys put these things on your wash list or beyond that, do your due diligence and tell me yourself which one you like better. So first of all, there are two or four reasons why I think silver is a run up.  One So Russia is buying it. Second, industrial use is happening a lot. Two things are increasing not only in India but everywhere in the world. One is the story of electrical vehicles and the other is of solar energy. Silver is used in both of them as a component of electronic items.  You know silver is used in various confines and quantity is fine but all this is increasing so silver has industrial use unlike gold and also investment use. You can buy it in de mat form in the form of Silver ATF, I am telling this for education purpose or you can go and buy some of it physically, whichever suits you better, you can buy Silver is something which is worth lakhs of rupees.  It has touched in the last one year, already good returns have come and it runs fast. Silver which we have seen in the past, so you can look out for it, you can understand the advice from your advisor.  If you want to take it, you can take it. The second thing that I will tell you about investing is a theme. I am not telling any one thing but I am telling a theme. And I see it doing a very good playout in the next year. And its  I will also tell you the logic, this is the theme, like we say auto answer in the auto sector that if someone makes an excel, then Jamuna is not asking to invest in it, I am telling the example that because by doing word auto answer, a  If there is a word, then in the same way I am coining a new word, I am coining a new theme, Real Estate Answer: If this is real estate, this is a house, then it is the developer of the house, then the one who makes the stocks of the house is DLF.  Okay, macrotech developer is done, Lodha says that Shobha is done, meaning listed Godrej is 10 12, so this is all, this is running up, the matter is not speaking on this, hold NCL. What will come in the answer? Your tile and sanitary ware people have come, your ply board people have come, your paint people have come. Check in this, do research on top player teeth and beyond that, post a watch list. The reason is that now their production requirement will increase.  And the demand will be very high because whatever real estate has been sold in the last three years 2022 23 24 has been sold at an all time high, that is why you see this. I have mentioned the names of all the developers. Look at the increase in their share prices because they have done the booking. Now when it will be completed in 2025, 26, 27, 28, so much material has been sold. Look, how is the real estate doing today, how is it doing the day after tomorrow, that is important.  Yes, but it is important for the share price of these developers. But brother, the goods that have been sold will be covered, tiles will be applied, fans will be taken away.  Copper wires will be inserted inside them, it is okay, ply boards will be installed, all kinds of things like this, whatever is used inside the houses, you can check the stocks, there has been a big correction in some of them, like the ones with tiles, up to Rs 1500, Kajaria, some.  It was gone, after that the correction has come, all these come in Sera Sateri ware, I am taking names for education purpose, I am not asking you to buy, I am suggesting a theme, you will have to work a little hard.  Look, it is very easy, come up with five of my 5000 stocks and tell me, it is very easy, tell me, but you can pick and choose by suggesting the theme. Housing finance companies will also do something very good. Whose book is being traded at which book value?  You like it more, how do you understand it, you have to check, so this was the second theme, the third theme where you think I should invest is in Medical, I know two stocks, so I  I am telling you for education purpose, if you can tell me better stocks than that, then tell me because as the focus of the government is increasing on insurance and some state governments are also bringing a lot of insurance, it has come in Rajasthan, now in Haryana kidney and  They have started treating everyone and now it is becoming an issue in the elections that someone should put insurance so that people can get treatment. Now when they get treatment, people will consider the whole system as medical. Wherever there were treatments, the two stocks as far as I understand are Narayan Hrudayalaya and this is my own since I live in Gurgaon, so I have an idea of ​​Medanta, so add it to your watch list. Where to study these companies?  What are their expenses, how many hospitals are there, how many beds are there, what is RE, please go to screener.in, make your watch list there and try to study all these.  The themes are being told and this is long term, it is not that their shop can be finished in two or three years, I do not think that this will happen, okay, so you put in this theme, Medanta has its own lion.  That something is going on around Haj, Narayan Hrudayalaya keeps running between 1200 Sas because when the video is made then it increases and decreases, so almost I told you, I have no target price, this and that, this is what I see, man, this.  They are good for 10 years also, they are good for 20 years too, so tell me how good you liked them and the fourth thing I would like to tell you is that you should invest in real estate. Everything in the cities has become too CR. If you want to invest for the middle class then wherever things are coming in lax because there are plots. If you are crazy about the plot then do something big in the plot.  If a good developer, a good city is giving a story plot, then the plot is available to a lot of people, take that or take a small flat because it is very difficult to get licenses, it is very difficult to get things, it is not easy and very demanding.  So in the things you buy in LAX, the ticket size is smaller. It is possible that by changing the definition of affordable housing, the government may hear that the price which was Rs 45 lakh, is being discussed to bring it down to Rs 56. This is speculative but it may be possible because the value of money is less, so the definition has to be changed, now if 45 lakhs were called affordable housing or a limit was imposed that below that, people have to pay GST on Rs. 1 lakh, then the government has to pay GST. Changes will have to be made because there is inflation, there is inflation, everything is there, so that thing also seems to be fine for me, so if something is available in this small ticket size in a city, then it has to be taken, many people say that no, it is a city.  My city is far away, it is here brother, look, when you invest money, the company is also far away, you will not say that you will go and live in Jamnagar, only then you will take it, but he has to see it and who else has the property?  Yes, a lot of property management firms are coming in the market. Where they will take care, they will become Ola. A lot of real estate will also come but before they come, there will be run up.  You will start seeing, we already know the names of the companies. If you want to do this, then Stan Living, New Zoho Life, all this, you check these names, tell me some more names, there are many more names, now these names have come to you, you are five-six names.  And what are those, you can write in the comment section, then you have to make this investment. The fifth thing that I will recommend, which I will also consider as an investment, is that in the comment section you will find some of my small courses, it is very good. Gives perspective immediately, you can earn money by consulting it, then I have a thing called pre-marital consultation, you will get discount on it, Diwali 33, happiness course is one, happiness course is two, both are different, they can buy, want to buy astrology.  You can buy Astrology's Art of Decision Making, it's only Rs. 00, there is discount beyond that, Diwali 33 and Financial Clarity for All.  There is a workshop of 50, I want to take a look, do the test and it is spoken in a structured way for two hours, it is told for one and a half hour, two hours, beyond that people have made presentations and given it to people and people are you no sounding very intelligent to the peer group.  Wherever they do it, many people have earned a lot of money from pre-marital consultation. 30 Golden Questions that should be asked by boys and girls before marriage.  Consultant so that both of them get to know because many people do not ask in Sharma Sharmi, the basic question is that workshop is mandatory, so you can take it, apart from that, take the rest also, there is a discount going on, so that is also an investment, you have to.  Invest in Yourself Also: You have studied school, completed college, got a job, now what if you are a housewife then what to do now, can you not become a consultant, can you become one, okay? What is the work of a pre-marital consultant? Yes, we ask the questions. Who asks the questions? We would have asked the questions which the boy's father cannot ask to the girl's mother, whether it would be such that the girl's mother wants to ask the boy's mother, but Can't ask so that it becomes clear, otherwise what will happen, otherwise it gets cleared later, then the shoes are saved, then the shops of people like us, like those of marital counseling, are running, so we are kicking our stomach and telling you that.  Brother, even when he goes to buy a car, a man asks four questions, but he should know that how much horse power is there, what is the mileage, what are the safety features, he asks some questions even before buying a mobile, same thing, same thing.  Pre-Marital Consultation So please invest in these things this Diwali. It is okay to spend money and these are all the returns. We will check which one will get the highest returns next Diwali. I have started my courses.  In that, the return on investment is going to be very high, it is okay because the base price itself is within hundreds, so by investing a few hundred rupees, you will get a lot more, but the rest of the four things I have told you are also very very nice and niche and among them  You will definitely try hard and sparkle your Diwali this time and continue you know watching the channel Liking Share in the comment section and write good as much as you want, write bad, don't write anything, write bad  There is no benefit, it is not good, let's make videos with great effort brother, if you don't like it then it does n't matter, but if you like it then please write and like, share and increase subscribers by becoming the only knowledgeable person in your family.  There is no use, many people say to me Guruji, I did not forward your videos so that I can become knowledgeable. It is okay that I have become more knowledgeable than my friends, but there is no benefit in becoming the only knowledgeable person in my family. No, because you will have to carry them also because many times, did n't father become knowledgeable? You became alone. Father has the money, get it invested. I alone became very knowledgeable. What is the benefit, you became knowledgeable, you became the wife, you did not make the wife.  She will be a little behind in her things, then see, it is not certain, there is no conflict like that, it will be better if both of them come together, there is a request to increase the number of subscribers in the family. Increase the number of subscribers by three. Who is increasing how many this Diwali, please tell me for sure that I am increasing two, I am increasing three. If you want to watch live, there are 30 live sessions, some will definitely be planned. Thank you very much.