Hello friends, this is a very important video, it is about women, but the whole society has to watch it, boys must watch it and understand it properly, girls also must watch it, parents must watch it, share it everywhere on family groups. Do this, this is a very important video, what mistake are these girls doing? Only those who observe the society will tell, only they will tell. Before this, I will tell you that I had made a video. You all must have seen two burgers, one movie and gold digger girls in it.  People thought that the video was for women and was against men. That video was for men and this video was for women. What do people say, they don't praise, they say balance in one.  Please do it brother, which channel is Shahrukh Khan's picture here, which will be made in many years, if the video is made, then today it is the women's turn, we have to tell them what is happening, then tell us how much is right and wrong, what is the first mistake that young women in India make?  I am doing  They are doing body count before marriage, it is very high, they are sleeping around with lot of men, no one is coming and telling them and I am telling this from my experience, I am not like this here, some videos of eating and drinking  By doing this, I am telling you in a very conscious manner, I have a very high body count, what is it for everyone, not for everyone, but it is of a high percentage and is of such a high percentage that a section of men observes it.  It is being done and has taken the form of a lot of pandemonium, it is very vulnerable. Females feel that giving sex to a boy. Nowadays, women are using it like a coupon code. It may seem like this in a little language but it is definitely important to tell.  It is important to use this language also. Some boy has helped you a lot in the office, helped you in finding a house, helped you in shifting your house, someone is removing your loneliness in a big city, he is showing you support, so brother, you should do that for him.  give sex  There is no need to give him sweets. There is no need to give him sweets in the form of sex. Another big mistake, I will tell you about such mistakes in four-five minutes. You have to listen with full patience. I am Guruji, people come and troll me like that, many a times hey go ahead.  So he will tell Janji, if we don't tell, then who will tell? You people of the stupid generation will share notes among yourselves, we will tell you brother, we are the only ones who do the consultation, we are the only ones who have the time, wisdom, discretion and consciousness. You all have it. Otherwise, we will tell you, I am telling you, so listen carefully and I want to tell women that you do not have to sleep with anyone just like that, by sleeping with someone, there is an energy exchange with them, there is emotional baggage, there is some attraction, there is your value.  Falling for a woman, her virginity or sexuality, whatever you think of it, is a big thing, once a man gets it, it is not going to be very interested. Now understand this, no one.  Will explain and I am telling more in practical terms than in morality and I will tell in practical language because what will you say next, I know a lot, I am a feminist and this one because what I told you, I am Nana Male Shamanistic, I am a realist, I am not coming as a moral science teacher. Should not be done, I want to tell you this, brothers and sisters, all the brothers and sisters who are youngsters, that brother, you are having sex, you are not using protection, no protection.  Hey brother, you use emergency peel, you don't use condom, you had a time of HIV AIDS, now you don't even feel scared, you are ready to sleep with anyone without getting tested, you do n't even use condom, you use emergency pills.  Yes, you keep your body count high, then your body becomes shapeless because of those pills, then you are not considered a normal alpha male, then you are a decent boy, you are 30 years old and your Your tummy is gone, everything is shaken because of hormonal imbalance, that 72 hour pill is age, if doctors who are sahiba doctors, male doctors, whoever they are will write it is some sort of an abortion only it takes a toll on your body it  Is supposed to be used as emergency pill not as contra Septim contraceptive is a different thing and this I pill is a different thing then  You have gynecological issues, then you don't know what other diseases are ahead of you and then you do n't get boys and in today's digital age, a digital character starts becoming yours. With whom did you take the photo, where did you take the photo? There was Instagram2 in which there was a Ratna Pathak branch.  There is some and there is some grandmother, I don't know who it is or Neena Gupta, maybe she means that when such things are made then people like that brother, if you do a test drive before buying a car, then a test drive is a test drive.  So the problem becomes that you people are not a car, there are no emotions developed in the test drive of the car, you drove the car by pressing the accelerator and did something and then went away. Human beings are evolved, does sex happen like this? There are no emotions evolved.  The problem is that the body count has become so high that when you go for a wedding, someone likes sex, someone likes sense of humor, someone likes looks. Someone likes money, someone likes home background, someone likes ambition, someone likes dimple on the left cheek, someone likes hair, someone likes personality, now you have done so much, now you are all of them. So it can never happen in one, if any man comes to you with any wish, tell me he has these eight traits which I have told you and even if there is such a person, then he will not marry you with a person with high body count because someone  Too  If you ask here and there, she was with him in college. Facebooksignup.in Women feel so pressurized. I am not doing any character assassination by coming here, I am saying why do you feel that you have to do it and  Mostly I will tell you the secret at the end, this video will be a little long, this is the first time I am coming like this, otherwise hey, you don't say anything to girls, you scoundrels are boys only, are these girls having sex with girls?  These are the scandals that are happening, they are also boys, the rest are boys sitting like this, they neither see nor understand anything, those mails are of their own kind, they are of a different kind.  This is a system, you have to understand that I am telling women that this is not the concept of lock in key, that I am just roaming around with my key, it is clicked with it Guruji, click with whom it will be clicked, this lock is also changing, the lock is a dynamic situation. beans are not the key  It will suit you, don't take double meaning dialogue out of it, but I am telling you that you are changing. Today, at the age of 21, you have started clicking with someone. Seeing this, in a superficial year, you got wise that oh, this is also money.  Something happens, other things also happen, love, wow, looks are not alpha male, nothing happens, he was going in a motorcycle, then these issues come, there the gym guy attracted you and was making you a fool. His income was 400 Haj, then you want good income for your income, so brother, what is happening, these people are earning money, they are doing their work quietly, they are not able to do it, when they come to them, those boys will definitely say second hand.  Third hand, fourth hand is used in such slang, I am not a trite put, I am talking about what is heard in the society, second hand goods, third hand fourth goods, so what are these boys saying the same thing?  I want girls to compete with boys instead of the fact that we have empowerment and empowerment means that boys can sleep with 10 girls, so we too will not sleep with boys. You should not lose your virginity and give virtue to many sexual partners.  The society has to be made such that even boys should not have competition, we should not have the chance to fall down, boys have already been destroyed, these days I will say boys have become [ __ ] which is called  In a way, it means that they are going to become princesses, that is, they are left wearing pink clothes, nowadays even boys are becoming like this, but it is very important to see the girls, it is to be seen that this generation is neither one nor the other, just like there was once a generation of rebellion.  Hippie generation is not sustainable because mom is not happy in marriage. All the previous generations have kept it as junk. Most of the moms and dads are also included who are the parents of the children. Will they ever marry? I was not happy, my father tortured my mother a lot, she had to do all the work of her family members, mother-in-law had all her issues, her mother always kept crying that you should do something, you should study, you should go out, you should do something, otherwise you will get bread like us.  This one will keep growing, that girl lives in a small town on India 95, then that girl has come to a big town, so these are the two secret things that I will tell you, keep listening to what we get to see even from small towns.  When she comes, she also gets very excited. She thinks that now in the big town, to please the boy, I will have to give him sex in other ways, he will not be interested, I have had so many consultations, I have so much experience and I am not just speaking.  Off my hat, they say, Guruji, we are like that if we do n't give him sex like this, then he will break friendship with us and go to that girl. This is what these boys have created. How are these boys kept? You say that a boy's daughter has become like this, so some boys have won and they go from here to here, from this branch, from that branch, from that branch, from that branch, from that branch, on 20 off the boys are like this.  And he has dated a lot of girls, meaning he doesn't stop at 20, he is neither a victim nor a hunter, I am using the word, I don't like that Guruji is a man, I am using such bad words, but this is how people are in this domain.  They are operating and this is what they consider to be victims, they say like this, fi down th down, how many are you, this is the count, this pride is going on too much and girls are being annihilated, body and soul, no one respects you, boy whom  You give sex in writing, don't take it, it was genuine love, it was my love, so tell me with yellow hands, if you don't have sex then your face is turning black, remember that sex is available in only two ways in India.  with yellow hands  I am also wearing a yellow shirt today, it is okay, you will get sex by turning your hands yellow or you will get sex by blackening your face, now it is your choice, then if something else happens to you, then do not say that yes, it has become an MMS, look at it, you should not have made it an MMS.  It was you never, the boy who can't wait, the one who wants sex from you in return by doing any work for you, then you have some sense friend, thank you, you can say this, you helped me in shifting, is it a colleague, is there any friend, I am not this. Saying, don't do friendship, don't talk to someone, you have to click with someone, marriage has to happen, some conversation has to happen, interaction will happen but do n't do these things like drive, friend, if someone 's testosterone is fine then it can be tested before marriage, check the hormones. People go and if medical test is done then the matter will be fine. People, is there a lot of lack of sexual education in India, then people do not know anything, how according to what, whatever sexual thing is done, it is o period of chemistry.  There is no such thing in married life, there should be fireworks right from the beginning because in my observation again, I have seen that girls have sex so much that they get filled up. Today I am going to give you a  Let me tell you one more thing, sex is like dopamine, God created it that sex should be fun but its ultimate purpose was to get pregnant, have babies, this purpose was this, relationship in all details, this and that.  I am starting my relationship course after Diwali. If I want to enroll for it then I need a consultant. There are 40 crore people in India of this generation and those 40 crore people need at least 40 lakh consultants, one for every 100.  If so, then you have come to Blue Ocean Opportunity, earn money and join the relationship. I will explain it very clearly and I am going to tell you a secret that more Who are the girls who are vulnerable, who are the more exploited girls, who are more messed up, then I will tell you that thing and for that, it is okay for you to stay connected, so the concept of small town, I told that there are issues there, it does not mean that in big town.  Such is the thing about Rajas, the girl who does not have a father figure in her life is missing the one she was growing up, she becomes very very vulnerable 11th In the 12th class, during the college time, and those scoundrel boys, they come to know that absence of father figure does not mean that father is dead, it means father was not evolved, father did not spend money, never gave respect, was not a protector.  Not man enough, it was like that I will have a daughter, I will take her wherever I want to go and the burden of the house is coming on her, that I have to do some funding for my father and mother.  On the contrary, a man has to be late, if not a father then it should be a brother who says that yes my sister, you will go like this, we will remain like this, you are you, when there are non-relatives, those who are not a father and a brother is not when they  I am telling women that you will seek help, and you are not married because when you get married, your husband is supposed to do everything. But if you are between 20 to 30, you are not married and your father and  If brother has no role in your life then be assured there will be many men who will be like that brother, we need this from you and then I am saying that these many boys are roaming around as movers and packers and help us.  It means please don't fall into such a trap, please pay up, today there is technology, today everything a female can do, she does not need to depend on anyone, just press the button in the mobile. paytm-in If you get married, then the child is not born because you have exploited that entire area of ​​your uterus and it has been exploited so much. The abortion pill there is fine and very very strange. Then you ate some of these things like this.  That there are many other issues like IPL, okay I am not even talking about that she is also involved in cigarettes, drugs and alcohol, because you have seen boys doing this, so we will also do this, boys fell in girth.  Happened  Gender is man, more than half of them have fallen, why are you competing with them? That saying, our girls are no less than our boys, is turning out to be true in a very negative way. Girls are now no less than boys in performing opposite and straight actions. In work, they are beating them at their game, that's good, you drink alcohol, I will drink more than you, I will also style, because this is empowerment, this is not  Empowerment Empowerment is What empowerment is Finding a good partner for yourself Having a good married life Settling down at a decent age Which is 2425 No, our career is not fixed Career will keep getting fixed No husband tears anyone's books and does not say this in an interview  She is married, everything happens, no, our job is the biggest mistake and problem and girls have disease, I would call it disease and girl.  Those with a salary of Rs 40,000 also want a boy of Rs 2 lakh. The one with a salary of Rs 40,000 is not happy with the salary of Rs 60,000. It should be Rs 2 lakh. The one with Rs 2 lakh will not value your salary of Rs 40,000. He will say leave it. Then you will say yes, this. So I did it for 2 lakhs, it's a matter of time, I want to tell all the girls and the  Parents the sex ratio is getting ok in the marital market Yes in 1990 lot of abortion had taken place because of that gender based natal test especially in North India Punjab Haryana Delhi Rajasthan UP and Maharashtra it happened a lot in this belt because of that there was delay  There are more tantrums because of missing girls. Because of girls, demand is more than supply. It is like buyer and seller if there are buyers in the market.  If it is too much and the seller is less then the rate of the property will increase. As its price increases, similarly the prices of girls have increased but all these prices Guruji from Gurugram is telling you I am a professional in this, I am not just an astrologer.  I make all the future predictions for 5 years on the day, this is the attitude you have and the tough boy you are becoming and crying and awakening the consciousness, intellect and conscience, brother, wait for two more years.  Do it and there are really good girls still no one is saying like this I am not painting everyone but I am saying that there are many girls in an eco system who are doing this so that in observation it seems that all the girls are like this  Look, out of 100 girls, this is happening in 2025, 75 are still very okay, but people are not able to see that 75 because in big colleges, they go to big cities and this is the culture.  So the same thing is happening there, this girlfriend system, what is a girlfriend, what is a girlfriend, one is a girl, one is a boy, both are friends, but within that, there is a movement that you and I mean, I went to the room and had sex, somewhere else I did this so much reporting.  It has happened and in that you are not using condom, you don't know any hygiene, you don't know about HTD, so mean, I thought 15 years ago, they are smarter girls about this time, that's how to do it. Whatever it is right now, there is no one to teach racquet, no one to tell, my body is my, it is your body but you are doing your own thing with your body and then you are crying in your 30s that I am not getting it.  I am not able to understand that this thing is visible on the face of a girl who sleeps with five six seven eight men. Today I am telling you that no one would have told that this has happened with so many people. It seems that someone would call and find out and do the same.  is fighting  Fighting boys and these boys, who are boys at 80, boys at 80, they are not into all these things, whichever boy you tell, who will be into all these things, he is preparing for the competition, getting a job, earning money, where will he do it from?  If you are able to do this, then the one who is doing this work directly is not able to penetrate into it and I have to say again and again, gym boys, gym boys, because this is the matter, brother, the body becomes from morning to evening. remained  Hey brother, your job is to earn money. Now if you are not a model and you are not going into film acting and your body doesn't suit me, I have to take care of my body. Hey body, you stay in the gym the whole day.  You are sitting hunting, will someone come there, I am telling you openly, that important thing of yours, the body is made by going inside that mirror, the body is made in the park, which gym do the wrestlers go to, which gym do the bodybuilders go to?  means  Everyone else also does theirs if it is genuine but this is what is going on, this filth is going on in the society. It was high time that some buddy like me came and called out because the plate is saved with two hands only. It is not that boys do anything alone. Women are out of it, you are controlling me, clap banize off, he wants it, no brother, I don't want clap banize, I am just telling you, madam, you can do it with sex condom now again and again.  By using it, you are not very disturbed. Yes, don't you? Why are you not afraid of STD? You are not afraid of HIV, you are not afraid of AIDS, you are not afraid of Gonorrhea, you are not afraid of syphilis, you are not afraid of pregnancy. By doing all this with your body, you expect that my  After all, now I will be a loser type of 30 years, I will be bedless, I will not get a job for more than 400 thousand, now I want a good boy worth two lakhs, now tell me why you don't deserve good.  Boy you are not a high value woman there is concept of high value woman and she is monogamous in the society across all cultures all religions all countries all geographical locations is always considered good the institution of marriage is not just like that madam and madam as well who  Boys are boys, I am telling them also, this is the last and it will still last, this is your hippie culture.  Like the body count is coming and it will end There will come a time after three four five years when you again that system will come that where girls will recognize this that friend this is all not to be done Apna Ok It is Rang and Jin Jin  I have also done this to you and regretted it half the time, I told you, there was no father figure, no one to support me and peer pressure and certain restrictions were such that now my  What should I do, I am being exploited by those who say these comments and write that people are finding it in corporates, here and there I am one female is doing it and they will lie with everyone the fact that I am still doing it now.  People will say that it is their choice. Look, you cannot make every choice about these things in the society. If you come, you will be told that it is your choice.  It is not a very great thing to make If Sambalpuri [Music] Do you know what earlier men would abuse and run away, now women would abuse and run away Which is okay but Sambalpuri is that you will not be able to do that His wife will divorce him  The marriage will break down. Whatever will happen to him if he gets caught. But what are you gaining? Is it worth it? Is it worth anything? How?  Can you commoditization is harmful for health, they are saying that mutual funds are subject to market risk, you have to write disclaimer, this is your waste in work and the parents here are cotton money, they are not monitoring anything.  What is happening, neither are you telling anything nor do they think that brother is doing this these days, take care of his body, his mind, what do we have to do, nobody is saying that you don't mean the fact is. Ultimately, how many test mic tests will you do? By taking one mic like this, with how many people will you do mic testing? You will become clear cut, as I told you again and again, your body has memory. Every time after marriage, you will do it with some buddy, you will remember that.  Big, because there must be someone inside him, meaning that the boy is right inside that kind of sex, who must have given you that kind of pleasure, then he will not forget you, who is yours. You will say, dear Munna, you will not be able to become a good father and a hard-working home-building husband, and where will you get married? Because this is how it will be, because you will not remember that when you are having sex with that person when you were young.  There was no stress there was no sass around there was no emotions so that was not that so when you get married then that  It may get better gradually but the fireworks are not happening which were happening earlier, so right from the beginning you will feel that it is not working out, it is not fun and the same thing is true for men also, I am here.  I have made a video of women, it is fine but the same is happening with men too, you have done it with so many, when you have someone to marry, you had to see such a package but there is a problem. What S package will you see? Personality will be missed by someone. Body will be missed by someone. Money will be missed by someone. What you have got now is a decent package but you are not satisfied with this decent package because it is nowhere in the six parameters included in it.  I am not a topper student, the package is decent, the package is decent, but you have given up, now by doing this, these men are seeing what else is happening to men and they are becoming losers, my complaint is more than that of boys, that people like you.  This is why women have become like this, this is also a fact, it is the fault of women also which I am telling, but this mistake is second order, this vent color of Patria and the sense of entitlement that we are born as boys.  So, everything will happen automatically for us, so these people have done that to them, unless the right things happen here and this demand supply mismatch does not end, then these things will definitely remain in the next society for three to four years, but  After 2028 you will find a lot of things changing back to good but I am saying that friend, do it before it happens, today I am telling you even today if the girl is listening to me, the woman is listening if your  1 2 3 4 5 There is a case going on about the body count. Stop it man, just because of four. It is going on about a dozen, that means 15. Do it make a difference. Today I went there for a walk. So this is what people told me, I am not telling anyone by name in the consultation, but I am breaking someone's pricy, but by the way, she went alone like a midwife and after seeing that, I met her there to get high and the one night stand was ruined.  It is not safe, it is crying too much, I am telling you this is such a crazy thing, all the culture, all the religions, all the people who say that Bhai Monom is the best friend, mix it will. Lead Two: Here you are becoming as stupid as men to become equal to men. You are becoming as bad-mannered as men. Men can never be defeated by becoming bad-mannered because the level of men is very high in bad behavior. Strengthen your character, you will attract.  A Good Man Madam All of the Females I'm Dressing You Will Attract A Good Man There Are Very Good Men Out There Don't Lose What Ever Your Dignity to Any Tom Deacon Harry Chalte Pharte Ki Ko Utni Aukat Ho Gaya Aapki And You Will Start Hatinger Yourself It's a Fact That Man What I Did Means It's Like If and If I Show You an Actual Feeling If You  Actually remember Priyanka Chopra's picture, which one was it in which Kangana Ranaut was also a model, but I can't remember the name. You were the heroine, no, not the heroine, there was something else, the name of the movie, you guys, write down in that movie, she is so drunk out of drugs that she is some kind of negro type like this, it closes and just she sleeps around with before that, she was going around with.  The Married, that is the character of Arbaaz Khan, who is okay with him and then what is his condition, yes, this is this, an average story is going on today, an average story is going on, like that Priyanka.  Chopra's character was like that, first she was her own, then a forest guy, then random and there was a good boy in her life, that meaning is the same and there is no one to explain it to the end because who would come to tell if the father is missing?  The father does not have the authority to speak to the girl. The father should never provide money to the girl, never support her, otherwise he was missing in action. From which mouth will he say anything, what are you doing? The girls who are raising half of them.  The family members have such scenes too, these scenes are also there, of course I do not want to do stereotypes and all that, but by doing this, I am telling one thing that where it is, it means that such things are not happening in other places. Look, never do anything.  It cannot be 100% true in itself, there are patterns, there are chances, there are probabilities that yes, this is what is happening in this section, this is what is happening in that, because if you live in that society, then no  No one will whisper to you, catch you, shame you, or feel scared, but as soon as you go to a big city, you get a sense of unteachable from a small town. You click the lock completely and see that the matter is going on and there will be divorce in two years. Because when you were living together, sex was good, we were not very possessive about each other, we used to do some work for money, it was a similar scene, families had not evolved, there was nothing, now the same living couple.  It seems to be right now, as soon as you get married, the quality of sex changes, everything changes, your relationship changes, everything changes because marriage is for a long term, so many things will change in it, casualness will not work.  I asked for that friend, I asked for this, what difference does it make, I did it like this, I did it like that, you came after meeting this one, you came after meeting me, what is the difference, you also stayed together, okay my body, my mind, today my friend is coming.  Are you a friend, if she is going to live in then it is fine, brothers and sisters, but that living in does not work after getting married, so when it is not working for her, then don't do this click test right thing, brother, this lock and key will click with her.  You will click and don't do this work with him. Too much, too much, do n't study behind the morality. That moral science teacher, I am telling you again and again that it is practical, it is not practical. This thing is not practical. Many generations have seen it before.  It was the puppy generation, people were pushing from here to there, someone was going from there, it was a dozen, it gives you happiness, it is not sustainable and makes you life miserable, so I hope the females and girls will not do this just because of what many people are doing. People see that she was my sister, my cousin was mine, she was his wife, if we are doing this then we will become rebels, this is the rebel thing that the dacoit did not run away.  Okay, which Paan Singh of Tumar was that? We are not dacoits, we are rebels. Why are we rebels? Because we are fed up with all these things, we have become rebels, so the girls here are also becoming quite rebellious, she is saying. That my mother is not happy, my cousin is not happy in marriage, all men and everyone do like this, yes, this is also a big problem of the society, you have made the women rebellious by doing your nonsense, these mother-in-laws who are the mothers of the boys.  Mothers are half and half, this is responsible, what are we doing, it is not like this, we will find the right one, we will crush her, then you get addicted to this one, then she comes and the matter settles somewhere else, then she gives only 498, then you do not understand. Because this matter has been spoiled by the society but I am saying that nothing happens in life even by becoming a rebel. Yes sometimes things are not ok in the system for the common man but it does not mean that you should become a rebel. Yes Society Is Failing Mostly Ill Se T Figures Are Going Men Are Feeling I Will Always Be Sosa I Will Just End The Video By One Sin And I Want To Make A Detailed Video On It And I Want To Address The Men And The  Women And Every Subscriber Every Buddy Listening Till Now This Is A Man's World Men Are Running It Anything Goes It  This is a man's problem, so don't worry about the number of rights that women have got, these laws should be made by men and they should be made better, but as a man, when his father-in-law fails, in a house, he fails his wife.  Don't say shut up and that is a lot of atrocities, thousands of women and girls see that atrocities and they see that we will become rebels and you will torture us only when we come to you, but the fact.  This is that after doing all that, you will get such a daughter-in-law whose body count is 10 12 14 10 12 14. You cannot shame the person with body count in such a way that he is not afraid, his fear reduces because he has seen everything.  Lia in life, this is the truth of life, then try it and then say, oh girl, you are useless, she does everything like this, society has not been created, yes, society has not been created, now in my life, whenever we discuss, I have such requests.  Why make it men versus females and all this? I teach something to the men and they run away wondering why he is telling us, so I told the women in this one, okay now boys will be happy and then what will you get?  There is a lesson from this, what will you do, today you will say, yes, you have made a very good video, you have shamed them like this, SLU, by doing this, they have shamed you by doing a dash, such people will say, if you have done something, then what is the benefit? What lesson do you learn from me? Yes, it will be very dirty, then and the same thing I tell girls when I make videos of boys, yes, they are very dirty, then what will you do, where will you get it from, I had told earlier also in the video about boys. The two burgers and the one made by a movie star, will the girls come from outside Switzerland and will you like the one from Switzerland? Do the comparison in terms of what ever, where will the girls come from?  Where will it come from, means you will think in your mind that you will be born, it is not so, girls are roaming in the society, what is their thought process, according to that, you have to see, otherwise where will you do it, where will you go and do it, the same girls have to think in the society. Don't Shame Each Other Gender Wise Girls Dirty Boys Dirty Boys Dirty Girls Dirty All Are The Same All Are Greedy Okay All Are Greedy Everyone Has Fear Everyone Wants Me To Do Something  I don't like it, brother, but this world doesn't work like this, this is the era of give and take, I will make videos on this in future also and I am not going to leave, I am a social reformer of the society, social observer, it is not like this here. I have to leave, I will take you somewhere. If you are together, yes, but something personally bothers you that you are walking on this path and are doing this, then you should never make a personal attack on anyone, that is a general thing.  To  We have to take the society together, the solution will come from the society itself, the society itself has to see whether we need the solution or not, what is needed, so I hope you liked this video, do write in the comment section and subscribe to the channel.  You can take membership and if you want to join the relationship course, the discount is going on now. If you will not get it after a few days, then you can book your slot in it from now. There will be a relationship course after Diwali, so please register for it.  R kar thank you very much