Hello friends, today's topic will be very unique. Some unique benefits of home loan. General benefits of home loan. So you have heard that income tax return property and how you can protect your property. Some of the top benefits are the top benefits of any property of yours and you live in a big city. You have ancestral property in a small town. Everyone knows what kind of properties are there. Well, now many times it is in possession, it is in possession of relatives, it is in possession of someone else, you have it in the city.  NRIs who are not going to India may also have these issues. Okay, so the way to protect them is to take a loan against ancestral property. When you take a loan, whatever the loan agency is, it will scrutinize the paper very well. Many times, what happens? Now we are parents, it's fine and the paper work is not complete and when inheritance comes, you don't understand what happened to father and mother, many things can be solved while mother is alive, but how can those things be checked? Do it brother, take a noonal home loan, no one is asking you to take a loan of ₹ 10 crore, 5 crore, 1 crore 50 lakh, you can easily take a loan of ₹ 5-10 lakh, parents may get income tax benefit in that, although you  That's what they are doing, you can easily take the money for renovation like adrevise and when your documents are completed and they go to the bank, no one can do anything with the papers, no one can make the other disappear. Do something yourself, in this case, if any of your case turns out to be a matter of disguise, then it is easy to prove it in the court of law because your loan is going on, you understand what I am saying, the loan is going on, so the bank has given the loan to you, if the loan is going on, then the bank has given the loan to you.  If he has given that ownership right off course, if he has determined it well, then this is a very beneficial thing, very beneficial and east it ten help you and there are four punches and aspects of this aspect which I probably just here in front of this, I three-four  I am going to tell you the benefits  Which I can tell more openly any time under Wagner, who does educational programs. There is a real estate info group in the comment section on real estate. Info Group. If you have not joined yet, then you can join it. You will get educational things in it.  You will also get real projects and all that, so if you have not joined it yet, if you have done so, then there is no need to do so, but you can do it. The second benefit that you get is that if you have a home loan.  Normally people do not discuss, people hurry up in repaying the loan, your loan is quick in reducing it to zero, keep it pending for two to four lakh rupees, keep the loan pending and make its EMI Rs. 1500-2000 for 15 years. What is the benefit of it that you never  If there is an immediate need of Rs 5-10 lakh, then there is a cap for renovation and you can easily take the money for it. What is the down payment to be given many times? Is there an opportunity in life? You will get the check for the loan within 5 days with your different banks which have all the types. I want to tell one more thing to my audience if you are running any loan in your daily NCERT or have property or want to take it or  If you want to transfer the loan or want to take a new loan, you can connect me on the WhatsApp number given below. You can type loan, according to interest rate, according to civil, whatever is best for you, so was the service also.  I  Will be provisioning then you can type loan and load WhatsApp. It is okay if you have property in Delhi NCR that you can take it anytime. The third advantage is that you do not have to repay the loan again or keep it for a few days. See, your documents are always secured. It seems like this.  Is it better to go inside the house in my cupboard than in your cupboard, whatever is in the bank's locker is safe, it is a factory, anything wrong in the house can be a scam. I do a lot of consultation. Son, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, daughter, I do n't want to take exams like this, but it has happened in this generation that some dealers were caught with the papers and they did not take them and the fight is happening when the day of registry has come and those who are old parents.  And what is the point of saying let's take a photo? What is the point of taking a photo of what? Tell me, how does this big seller send the property? Whom to ask? Whom have you given? Have you given the paper original also? And that is what happens if the bank has it.  If you have papers, then no such child can play with you. One and a half lakh, names of many people, elders, we do not want to die with a loan on our chest, if the property is not ₹ 2 crore, remember whether the loan is ₹ 2 crore or one and a half.  It is worth Rs. 1.25 crores and you are leaving like this, then perhaps you will think, hey, I am leaving the loan and leaving, brother, keep a debt of ₹ 2 lakhs and one and a half thousand images of it are going. Just think of that locker.  pay the fees  You are thinking that this is a very practical tip, no one will give it, even those who take such loan will not give it because what is the benefit to the loan taker in this, if his loan of ₹ 1.5 lakh is not being repaid then he is not getting much benefit. What is the benefit to him in that he is sitting with paper, it is being misused, it is fine, so these are your practical tips in this one, then let me tell you one more thing, the benefit is that if there is a loan on any property, then if a person buys it from you.  wants  That property becomes very easy for him because suppose I want to buy a property, then the property on which there is a loan, then your ownership proof becomes good, otherwise it is a big fight that you are Ramlal ji, Shyamlal ji, Narendra Singh ji.  I am Amit Singh ji, whatever name is Rohit, Neha's name is the same, you are your property and those are the same issues, loan transfer cases on property worth Rs. 2-4 crore, very like you, I want to buy some property.  Okay, then I will transfer the property to you from there. The bank has the bank course, you know everything about the property, the valuation is done, you know its complete antecedents, okay and there was a loan outstanding of Rs. 2 lakh, 3 lakh. You said, it is of Rs. 1 crore.  The deal has been done, this is a loan of 2 lakhs, you have to give us 98 lakhs, you will approach the bank, you will also say, give me a loan of 2 lakhs and give me fresh 50 60. 70 80 10 5 Lakh, take the loan you want, there is no problem, it is very beneficial for you, there is benefit in selling the property also, in the property market where the loan is available, the price of the property is higher, I want to tell you this a little.  It happens that a person keeps asking whether he can get a loan, the buyer will get the loan, he will get the loan, he will get the loan, if he has got the loan then it increases his safety factor, so this is another benefit for us. Now there is another advantage of taking a loan, you are taking a fresh property, you are taking it from a builder, you are taking it from any party, you do not need a loan in it, the money has come from somewhere, it is inheritance money.  Windfall has happened, you yourself have sold some things, now you have money and you can buy things comfortably, you do not need anything, you have Rs 1.5 crores, you are buying a property worth 1.25 crores, now it says that you need a loan even then.  You Take a loan, take only a small amount, sanction it, take as much as you can, you will be charged a little processing fee, but that specialist will scrutinize all your papers, anything lacking will be noticed, yes, this allotment letter is like this, the initial letter is not this, yes, this is chain puri.  It is not registered or given to  The name from which I took it is different, there is something wrong in the middle one, just teach me the number, proper number has to be applied, the documents are not correct, now what is that vashikaran number, what is the one behind it, what is next to it immigli, the registry looks fine to you, you are an expert.  No sir, do you know the bank which is giving the loan? They sit on the panel every day, this is their check list, the photo of the man is taken, it is okay, the bus number which is entered in the registry is paper work, this is the sanction.  Is  The map is good, many times these days the sanctioned map creates laxity, the bank will check all this for you in the refund, so this is a lot of benefit, no one will do it, but you keep asking someone that brother, what do I have to check?  What do I have to check? Now you thought, I have learned this, I will check like this, no brother, there are one and a half thousand things which cannot be covered here, this will become a very long video, there are one and a half thousand things in buying a property, so you can contact a bank. Take a loan of Rs 10 lakh, you do n't need the money, still take it friend, take income tax rebate, give him the money, later take a loan and repay it, whether you want it or keep one and a half lakh like I did.  Who said that today you take a loan of Rs 10 lakh on a property? Who said this that after 6 months you will get Rs 9 lakh, now if the loan taker will take it then they will increase it a lot, so there is a need to share this video more. No  There is no creator on YouTube who will say this, I also say this in many videos, share it, share it, but brother, there is a lot of knowledge, there is no need to share it. Be my subscriber, you have taken the knowledge, there is no need of sharing it because many knowledges are like this.  If it increases too much, then it gets misused by some party and then the check balance gets added to it. Right now it is not like that, it is ₹ 5000 or so at times, as it is March ending, if someone says something, then every is this.  Processing fee is also waived, do this for so-and-so Dham and in the last tip, I will give you connect with van person for loan. If you want to transfer your loan, then that person should sit with your documents because it is a lot of lethargy, he has to fill the Form 162 again and again to transfer the loan. Then give your Aadhaar, two PAN and two properties. If you are associated with the same person and one agency, then you will not have any lethargy, he will transfer it, then what is the difference of your interest.  If the point is more than 0.5, it is technical but if you are a Khan then the point becomes 35 but 0.5 is a rough idea that the loan which is going on now is running at 9 only and you can get 8.5 in civil. So if someone is yours and that  You can transfer your without much hassle so utilize the services of van search person I am van search person ok I am also telling you this so once you can join loan  You can share these benefits on WhatsApp, there is no need to share the video to practical people, absolutely to your son, daughter and those who are in blood relation, your Dhanesh friends can share it to each other, there is no need to share this video on groups.  There is no need to give much knowledge, I do not want its views to be very high, I want to get as many views as there are subscribers, I just do not want more than that, this is deliberate because if the drivers are spread all over, then the effect will be more diluted, otherwise it will be concentrated.  I don't want the effect, I don't make this video viral, I came to know that it will not cost ₹ 50000, I know that I will not put anything in the algorithm myself, I will not put anything in those tags bags. Okay, so it won't catch much, it will automatically get consumed, the fish is so tight, I want to make a lot of videos for you guys, so if you are listening, now you are listening and listening and you like it, then please subscribe.  Press the button and if you want to join that real estate info group, you can join that also. Thank you.