Hello friends, the Sam stock history that I want to tell you further is for education purpose, it is not an investment, give advice, understand, if you like the logic, then you buy but take the due date, it is yours, it is not my recommendation, I am further for education purpose, some things tell me.  It seems that I feel like discussing them, so let me tell you, first of all, last year I had shown this glass, okay, it is not water, it is about water, you see the story and I like it very much, I am the button.  If I give you a dhaba then brother, you ca n't buy it for Rs 1 crore, Rs 10 lakh, Rs 50 lakh, you should never ever invest on anyone else, conveyance, never investment, help you in debt, give you data because there are so many channels, there is something or the other on every channel. No one is telling, okay you will go, every person is telling, so many channels naammi, so many big houses in the village, this houses told by this share this houses told  Buy D share means 6000 shares, 500 are investment uniforms which meet the criteria i.e. proper ownership, corporate governance and all these, if you tell something or the other about all of them then this is a very arrogant Bombay Bo Gaya, according to me there is no advice in this.  It does n't make sense to tell so many things, secondly you will see my playlist, in it I have a playlist about stock market and along with it, on the same channel, on Clarity Channel.  I am not going to read both of them for decision making. I am not going to read both. It is okay to see both. You will know the technicality in it. If it is about distance making, then now I see India. If you go towards aspirational then there are some things which I do not understand.  Come, one, I drank water, you must have understood, the second is a company, okay, it is a clothing company, its market cap is around Rs 32000 crores, and it is a new company, which is selling old things in our India. Speaking Vedanta, we say something is right, so it is by name, okay, you study it, all of them, they make our traditional dresses, okay, and they make wedding dresses, and this maybe, I feel like it is like this.  Well this is my personal opinion ok he does n't have much history to check about him 10 years 20 years 40 has been listed recently very much you won't find him but records  Looks fine. Okay again it's not in investment advice. You discover the company and write the name. Okay, I'm not even telling you the full name. If you understand, then my channel is for someone who is a hardworking student. You understand.  I will not teach ABC's to the students because then what is the point of paying blindly, that does not happen because when the returns are made, no one thanks you, if they are not made, then why should we bear the brunt of it?  They say ok then this is very important in investment. I have been investing on your conviction again and again. What do you think that the country's thing is going away? Okay, I feel that the life insurance sector is very underinvested in India.  The data release is of four-five percent in India, maybe it may be less than that, then write in the comment section to collect it, in other countries it is 20-25%, like us.  This is the country, I am not talking about America. Penetration in other countries is more about life insurance. How many people do you think? Pick 100 people at random from India and ask who all are insured. So the employees in the organized sector are insured.  They have taken a job, they have not become an employer, they have become government employees. Those people are insured but they are not a very big section, which means that perhaps one person is left among them to come to India. According to me, in the future, the insurance sector can be of 10 sexes. Next one, the population will increase. Okay, on top of that, there is a very big government player who has a very high market share, the rest have this much, so if I look at this market cap share. So I see it growing because of technology and because of these other things, I am not going to take any name in this, take this company or take that. According to me, when the entire sector grows, it makes a difference in the entire company.  companies in it  If someone is 19, someone is 20, someone is 24, someone is 16, then it can be from 16 to 24. The company does not think that it means much, there can be a difference of 10-15-20%, so you can also approach such baskets if you are interested in this basket.  If you understand the sector then again this is not investment, how many are there in it and the competition is less, these are the companies which have been around for a long time and they have agents, people and networks, so they This is on kaspap, it can also be said on inflation point, okay, show too much data, I will show it like it is done on other channels, it is less of me, I don't go, I am an old traditionalist Guruji type that brother, you have worked hard but you wanted money, now it is there. Google tells you everything in the same way, but I am telling you what to search on Google, just understand friend, rest of the research is available to you, right, go to skinner.in, you will get to know about the company. All the quarterly data, all the terms, I have taught you, book value, P by turn on equity, you will get all the things in it, how much is the cash flow, how much is the operating cash flow, there is no investment, how much is the debt, if you go please watch the video technology lessons.  Take the sector which I am telling you, go to screener.in, adopt it, there is no expense and water in it, there is no expense and water in these two things and work hard yourself because the rest of these are in the newspaper by this by date by this by this.  Date this to me by this by date and that one paragraph has to be written a lot brother, if you suggest I start telling about a company in a proper manner then it will take at least 1 1/2 hours on one and these people here are punch six minute videos.  There are five-six companies that tell that they do this, they do it very well, well, I am telling you those stocks which you research, there is one more company which makes Excel of vehicles and towards monopoly in India because the listed player is again a  Used to be  There are a lot of people doing that on commercial vehicles too, so there is a proxy play for that, so I mentioned one about consumer goods, a little bit of glass, then I mentioned about one insurance sector, how much can it be in the sector, thirdly, I mentioned about the vehicle side.  I tried to take you a little, okay, after that let's move ahead, there is a company which manufactures air conditioners. I feel that air conditioners are very under-penetrated in India. Okay.  I have a lot of my own, I think if you want to make such thick ginoge, then only 10 is fine for me, it can be 12, 13, 14, but it is 10, it can also be 15, but it has a common thread. This company makes its compressor and its spare parts and what goes inside it and it also makes SIMs, so this company's market cap is around Rs 7000 crores, okay?  Its stock had gone around ₹ 3500. High, I think it is correct, it is quite good, so you guys should study it too, now it is hovering around ₹ 2200. I do n't see the plus or minus rates of the stocks which I take.  I have to keep an eye on business and in general keep an eye on the world, what does the world do, keep an eye on the screen. How much has happened? What would I advise you all to do? Do one thing whenever you look at it, do some rough math till the time this board of knowledge from the world is this.  Well share, tell me rough mathematics, ask your heart what do you see increasing 10 times in the next 10 years, then first of all you will release the thing that the way the phone is now, you do not see the ownership of the phone increasing 10 times because of everyone.  You see a phone in your hand, someone comes to your house to help, someone comes to do the work, you see everyone walking around with phones, these phones will get damaged, people will not take them, now they will grade, but no one can predict that it will increase 10 times.  Because if we have 100 crore phones then now it is not possible to have 1000 crores, it will break, then buy a new one, upgrade it and throw it away, but what is the thing that we have less of and it can be more, then you know such a simple thing, you use your mind.  If you have to invest, what can be included in it, what can be de-sexed, then regarding insurance, I thought that people will take inschurns, it will be understandable, health insurance will also be there in it, you are right, there will be different endowments in that also. Wali Aapki Term, there are different products but in insurance, they do not give home insurance loan, like there are goods and shows, there are many types of insurance, do you know, then gradually as we become aware of the country, we move towards it, I see all this.  And this is what I told you about some stocks and if I want to tell you one stock, okay, then you have to see this stock, this is a stock for the kitchen, there is a stock for the sinks in the kitchen, it is correct, see it.  It is a small cap. Who makes sinks in India? Do you understand that when you look for utensils, one thing is steel which is used in everyone's house these days. It looks less, is a little expensive, has good quality. Real estate cycle is going on boom. Okay, so these are the stocks that I know, what are the names of the stocks in the next year, someone will write that. I am sir, okay, Speculate, you guys, that is your homework, okay, which company makes it and this one? sync cards  Its share price is running around my ₹ 550, that means just look at it, this much must be going on, I don't see it every day, it's okay, you don't need to see the shares every day, you see the business of the company and the world is doing that, people see the price quarterly. Look three times a day, I am saying, look once in 3 months is fine because when your focus is on your pearl research, only then you will buy winners. I can neither control nor increase or decrease any share price by looking at it. Every share is an underlying business. If the business does well, then you will want the shares. If the business does poorly in the long term, then the share will go down. It is okay that the shares will not go down but will go up, but if the entire focus is on imparting knowledge through TV channels, then who will watch them? How to earn money from advertisement?  Those who don't tell will say, go every day at 9:00 and sit till four o'clock, at 3:30 the market closes, then analysis, then tomorrow's analysis and we all keep watching. He is the biggest guru of his investors.  This is Warren Buffett ji. You have had a computer in his office for 50 years, isn't it? There is a wooden one. And there are new investors in India, some who are teaching their best and those whose names are from China, I will take their names. Go to their office where  I also took their services once many years ago, they talk there and they go to the actual site and ask, check it, when you go to buy paint, ask how it is reducing the paint, when you go to buy some washing machines, they tell you dealer act.  The company and this news channel and they don't tell the reports, they just write anything. The guy sitting at the shop has no friends, he says, brother, he is beaten, it is going well, where you check, tell me my name.  How biker, which paint is which car, which car is it, which Japanese because given shares, don't change overnight, the one who has a portfolio, neither does the share of my portfolio be such that it is very high journal, once tell me yours and then make a video for the next one.  doesn't have to  Because that means you will have to give time, even if there is a tree like mango, it takes many years to bear fruit, so you have to have that much patience, but you definitely have to monitor the company's business and outside market, real in real market.  You have to do the same about the shopkeepers who sell their goods and the customers who buy them. And if possible, you should buy their products if you can buy the shares that you buy. It is okay if you buy a raw material company.  try wearing it raw How is the elastic, how is the comfort, then you will understand. Okay, so I am platinum members, you can go to my other channel and subscribe to that too, somewhere its subscribers are here, I know it is okay but you can do the reverse also.  But I keep teaching some extra things to those people also. For the people here, when should I open the join button, then please tell me. If you guys are ready for the join button, then I will send a special message to them.  Number and subscribe is fine, I can still do it but I am waiting for ₹ 10000 subscribers, so you can increase some subscribers, so for that also I can do something here for exclusive content.  Kaisa video laga aap batana and wish you everybody Diwali ka time a raha hai very happy Diwali to all of you and to your family thank you