Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the youth, for those who do a job, because there are no problems, there is not much hunger, a lot of people are struggling, okay, the war is very burdensome for the one who is doing a job, the topic is yes, these are the five things about you, just these five.  You have to know the thing in your bus, why do you have to know, what are the things, they will discuss and I will also give you a test to everyone under which you will keep your bus on the bus, you will give that test basically.  You will get a lot of pleasure from that too. This channel takes pride in getting topics that do not become stories in anyone's place. Are such topics being made by any creator on YouTube? Tell me, because nobody is batting from the side.  Of Musaddilal At Times I Do Batting From D Other Side Also But Give On This Channel I Do Batting From D Par D According To Aam Maa So First Five Things It Is Not Very Difficult To Achieve Today  I will also tell you the reason, you are not stalking her, you will not bother her, knowing this will give you a lot of orientation in life, her boss has very good bosses, I keep everything about her boss after knowing everything that I am in your boss.  I am going to tell you this thing, these five bosses know about it in advance, they have easy rights and from it they have the advantage of relief, this is the advantage that I am giving to you today, at this moment, watch the video. Whatever comment you have after pausing, please type 'A' so that I can know what it means in the first 2 minutes, is it such fun because the views go but the excitement is there that if you want to know then tell me, tell me.  I will tell you in 15 seconds, pause and write A. Those who are excited, tell me such topics quickly, friend, which is the simple thing, let's start and it will be of great benefit to you and me, that test, that and so on.  Listen, what will you test that test bus? First of all, what educational background does your bus come from? Exactly, if you are into engineering, then engineering too has different pedigrees. If there is an IIT or an IIT, then which one is the one from Delhi, the one from Kanpuria?  He is from Kharakpur, he is from Chennai, he is from Ropar, he has something or the other of everything, as they say, where do these spices come from, where do these crops come from, all the information.  Only a few things will remain, you will understand first, first take the information, then you will see the patterns and you have to note down, and then your bosses will change, then you will grow in age, then one day you will become a consultant, then you will become someone.  I am teaching you to observe, patterns will automatically start forming, first note down the study type of your bus, check the old bus, then whatever knowledge you get further, apply it on that again.  Apply it on the template and you will automatically get the results which will be shocking. Whatever you will get told, then where did you get the education, how did you get into the system, on the basis of getting into this education institute, you have understood which one is this, he also does it.  This is because in the government jobs, those who come from among the Gurjars, they come to know that by doing this or that, but in private, many people keep their name only till Kumar and do not keep it in front, you understand what I am saying. I am six, okay, so I am telling you openly from which community he comes from which region, now people will say no, all the things do not make a difference, oh sir, it does make a difference, Baba, it is making a difference to him, he is telling you this.  If you see it like this then you will also be affected. What is the problem of middle class? Idealists are the ones who want women, don't talk like this that we have not woken up from all these things. It is an idealistic situation but we have not woken up.  There are patterns in it, we have to make our life comfortable, we have to reduce 30-40 years from the life of 50-6070 80 90 years and in the beginning 15-20 years have to be tortured till you reach the story, you can either  You will reach out and torture people or you will be tortured. The game has to be played for 15 years, minimum 15 to 20 years. There are some rules for the game that has to be played.  There should be an idea of ​​regulation as to how it is being seen. There is a pattern in it. IT Bill Makes a Difference. Which region will it bring the producers from? Which community will it bring? Which class will it bring prejudice from? Which class will it bring? Are you rich?  Poor, you make a lot of difference, looks don't say, you are educated, you are illiterate, you make a lot of difference in a particular drop, but when you reach the top, they think that you have returned, sir, you have worked hard.  So much of the work they do seems to be their own hard work and then they feel that you have not worked hard in life because you have worked hard for them, so you are doing the same hard work on the job too. They assume that you do not work hard. I don't have this dream.  There is a promise that I get to see on a regular basis in the consultation. Yes, what is the name of the task bus, where is it from, you see the pattern yourself, now you will say this, you will know that it will happen, then what will we do, we will change the bus in life. First of all  Analyzing where the problem is coming from and attributing it to you, at least you will not have self-doubts, it will not be able to gaslight you, it will not be able to show your negative behavior, it will not be able to cover up your negativity, your self-doubts.  If it will not create your self-esteem then you will know that Guruji had told you that these patterns are visible just like this and these are visible, so brother.  Last time also we were seen there, if we saw him with him also then you would know that brother, this is his problem. Many people in India have childhood problems and are sitting in positions of power. These things never happen in foreign countries in India.  So honey, it has started, we are getting confused there, all these sharing prints, all these psychologists and all these people are less active, we don't have all this stuff here, why is this happening, what is happening to them?  What name should we give to the pattern? They work hard, hard and hard, they do it like this, because who knows, they do everything inside you, then you will come to know that, it makes a lot of difference where it has come from, come to know. Gradually, it will go on social media, from your status on Facebook, WhatsApp, you will come to know how much fanaticism is there in his religious belief and his orientation too. Now we will not say that all these things are not definitely there, why is it not definitely there, we are at home.  come  That Aaj Tak and that ABP News and then there to play on WhatsApp, this is a disease in India, political ideology, religious system, thought process towards gender, all these things of yours are very important, third thing, where have you reduced the previous employees and when?  When did you leave the job, what position did you hold, who was there, the pattern, because sometimes people act so helpless that they have no idea what is happening to them whereas if you have this information from the first day.  If you keep it in the seat of the bus, then whenever your body starts moving a little bit, you hold it there till people release it, when the ground gets removed from under their feet, then they release something.  It happened and why it happened, they did not know why it happened, when it happened, how it happened, who did it, all this is the answer, you will see its pattern, you will see it, you will tell me, what will not change, if you are ready, the batsman will change, what will the bowler do, what are you going to say, who is Sharma?  It will be when he is standing on the Golgi and he is hitting the strike penalty strike, be it in hockey or football, only then you prepare, if you tell him the pattern that Bhai Saheb, he is like in the Chak De movie, Shahrukh Khan and I have to speak.  Not that she will hit right or left, love is going like this and she is killed straight away and then the captain, who is the heroine, who is the goalkeeper, then he tells her like this, just in a gesture, Guruji has this little.  He does it like this, only he knows that I have come straight and that's all, this is the only thing, I am telling you what he has to do from there, you can't control but you can be prepaid, if she comes, she will come, his family size, his wife, his parents information.  It is easy to know that you are happily married, it is a bed marriage because its flaws are within your control, and if it is not clear in the morning, even then you will suffer. Listen to me many times with love, Guruji. Many times they do it tomorrow, no no, the old children are all enjoying a lot, but sometimes what happens is that when the video is forwarded, they have not seen even one of my videos till date, they will board the bus, which will make them happy in their life by watching the old videos.  I have implemented it and it is not in my mind because the channel has only one claim - to make you happy and rich, to make you happy and rich, now no one says that what difference does it make to my life, Sir, it does matter, brother, it does matter.  Brother, that stomach is there in everything.  It will be clear bill make this difference ho ho your de gos if this is true or not then tell me no man it doesn't affect if his wife works you are a lady women yours is a man bus he is also a woman of man bus  Does the job work on the story or does n't the bill make a lot of difference, what happens to you, you can change it, you can't select the bus, this is the husband's knowledge of the working wife and is the wife the only one who is working? Brother of understanding, there will be less for him in the house, he will definitely perform the Aarti and he thinks that all the women should be like this and only then I can go to work secretly, he neither has to bring vegetables, nor has to take children, nor has to bring bags, nor has to do school work.  Have to do something else, this is Texas right, we have controlled it, you also control your woman, and what is the problem, and he can spend 12 hours, 14 hours in the office only because there is a woman who is doing it.  Yes, she is rocking, she is doing it happily, she will not always be known but she is doing it, have a little idea, see what is happening, why is it being divided, it will definitely make a difference, whether the parents live together or not, many come and go.  People are worried about their parents and they take pride, such are the foolish processes, my father had surgery, I did not take leave, I did less, you are asking the most crazy thing, you are the one who is not yours and is not ours either.  The one who is not from your family and cannot be yours either and is a selfish person, stay back, you cannot make many changes with him, he is not in a job but his character is making you realize that he is not yours either, he is yours.  If you find something out of it, then do it, this is not the kind of person, okay, even the bus has to be tested whether it is intelligent, it is useless, it can be fooled, it cannot be made, that too is important to check.  ki intelligent  It is okay to speak, so I will tell you that test also. Stay put. The fifth thing is that the mindset about the workers and that in the office space, he likes it for himself, if he does it at the top, then he will like it at the bottom too, if he himself  He is a nonsense type and he has to keep his scenes to a minimum from his boss and he is open in meetings, he is creative and he is assertive, he is high on self, he has knowledge, he has to give by men.  An N Good Day After Tomorrow You Can Love You Friend Things And He Bill IF You Pose You Stratus He Bill Also An Appreciative Friend Rates Because You Can Align You Are Chatur Khar Ho Your Bas Bhi Kar Bhi Sad So You Know That I Also  I will do this to this person and that to him. You are getting to know the syllabus. Here we don't have to cry about what is the ideal in life. Neither is it to meet an ideal spouse, nor to have ideal parents, nor to have ideal children.  Ideal is not a situation, nothing is ideal, I am telling you the trick of how to do best in whatever situation it is, so now I want to tell you the last thing, if you want to test it then get the decision making done.  Make him [ __ ], make him [ __ ] for you. If he is a fool then he will [ __ ] right now. You take him with you every time with two things which will help you whenever you have a government job, a private job or anything else. Come sir, here he has come.  This is the data, this is the input data, bombard it and use it for decision making. If you are a fool, then most of the fools think that take it according to the easy problems, if the easy problem is fine then it may be difficult or not.  If there is a chance on Kareena, then he will say that I get the money for reducing this, which means he will smack it right there and send it to you. If there is a chance, then you will know that the bill is through IT. Why should I tell you? Your less is fine, but if the police is there and what happens to it, what is the psychology behind it? When you try to help him again and again, he feels that he has got the feeling that the bus driver, yes, I am doing something. Just reached there, they used to do something very good down there, now time has made them sit there, now if they have found such a person down here, who is comfortable and lies down, does not do anything like that, he does not give them much feeling.  If he doesn't give it, he wo n't be very happy with it.  In fact, we remain happy with such people. Sir, please help us. Sir, whatever guiding person you have, the person who helps you in one thing and is ready to do it, will be ready to do more when in the prism.  Will be ready to do the same and will be ready to do it in the future too. He felt like this because that is also the retirement of a person, just that I have done something there which is actually taking the company forward and making the nonsense greater and numbers and he is ruthless.  He is going to see everything, he will apply it, but you test it in the beginning, whenever you come, test it in between, always give him the choice, take this decision, sir, which Lancer is this data, sir, what to do sir.  I need your guidance on something, by doing this you can do this video, not that one, send it to many people, you should have told me this in the beginning, okay, membership will also come in the future, so open up all these things in a different best.  Class and explain it in it and it will be explained because what is knowledge and information is relative, everyone should know that thing, now Sir Besan will know this video otherwise it will be known that he is a student, he is misbehaving with me in future too.  There is one fact, okay, even if not everyone should know the whole thing, then after opening that separate shooter, some thing will be told in the skull, should you learn it now like it is taught in coaching, date is D.  Plane you bill see me membership plans coming in by d time this video getting release you you know okay to your job and please get all the information as per your capacity, you guys get all the information whether you will do it or not you can do it and write that you should do it.  It should not be done whether it was beneficial or not. Those who benefited please write the type okay and those who enjoyed write the image. Okay then it is not necessary for Jagga to become a spy. The whole thing is very easy to know about caste these days, there is not much difficulty for you.  So she knows it, she has all the data, she has a nonsense college degree, she also knows it, you also try to find out which category your bus belongs to, where it came from, how much it is, how much it is, who was there, who can be found in the college. Someone will go, meet their group, get some information, you will know that you too are okay, then when you know, he will put a little confidence on his face and he will also come to know that you also know that he knows these things about you.  I know it's ok so that's it  You should know a little bit about who has what orientation, what kind of character he has, what are his weaknesses and strengths. You people should have a general idea about those bosses, all the ideas of one employee, when one bus has the idea of ​​30, 40, 50 people under him.  You can do it in your mind and do it for profit, so can't you keep a bus, it is too much effort of yours, every person has a bus, there is a super bus. You can't give a general idea to just 2 people, I have n't been sitting with so many for 50 years, it's okay, so please work hard, it is beneficial, these things are not beneficial, thank you very much