Hello friends, I will tell you a very popular topic about life balance in an amazing way. It will be fun. You must have read many articles and many other things but there was a lot of demand from my subscribers. I will also give you 7 tips to understand carefully and watch this video.  After this you will become expert on this topic, but this is that topic, this is that video, now you forward it, it is only YouTube space which says on some videos, on some, on all, even I am not.  I told him to forward it and be my subscriber. It is okay to write down what Gutti is and it is not necessary to share it with anyone, the more you share it, the less will be the benefit. So you are just listening but subscribe to the channel if you want to listen.  It is being received for the first time because there are many such videos which will never go viral and will not be a hit because they will not be forwarded but will definitely give benefit. Listen 'Life Balance'. If you listen carefully then there are two words in it - ' Life is this' and 'K life' means this two.  is a different word  Please explain the meaning of this clearly and it is being understood that brother, this is what and this is life and these are two different things, we have to have a balance in this, do not give yourself, you have balance, something is fine, it is explained like this. But the fact is, is it like this because when you are going to A, are you a zombie, are you not alive, is this not life because this is the thought process, so I will give tips but in the beginning a clarity.  give in  I am saying 'K' is in the big part of life and 'K' is in the big part of like balance because many times they say 'K' life is different and then they say 'K' is life, then 'Ko' has to be said, 'Social life' has to be said, 'Personal life' has to be said, 'That's to say that'  I have to say, sex life is there, oh how many lives are you sitting here, there is only one life, there are so many lives, they are all different brother, wherever you get the taste, you have to do it, how to do it, how to steal, what to do, I will tell you, but I will tell you in a simple way.  I want to tell you one thing  Never ever try, you are a balance seat, whatever you want to understand, you don't have a balance seat because it is lying on the side, that's why you know that there will be stress in balancing, and if I say this, then leave the car and start walking now, and there will be more stress in life.  If you ever balance anything, you will get stressed. I am giving you relief from stress. Forget life balance, balance is nothing, balance will even cost you your life. It is like this, honey. What to do now, let me tell you how to taste, it is an old song, I don't even know the exact fix, it is Lata ji's okay, it is itni do pal ki zindagi se aum chrani hai, something karke ye zindagi kuch aur bhi nahi teri meri kahani karke song like this  We have to steal, we have to steal life from anyone. If you understand, I am the one who gives tips. We have to steal life from anyone. I have no taste. The seventh point is very deep, important and life changing. That too can be learned.  It is okay to take it, tell someone to your friend, brother, sister, family at home, start applying from tomorrow and do not worry yourself, so called, this balanced life will be visible, whenever you go to the office, one glass every hour.  Drink water. If you drink one glass of water, you will drink eight glasses of water throughout the day and if you drink it every hour, then you will have to go there too. The bathroom system will be clean every time when you go to the bathroom, which is farthest away, which is over there in the bathroom, which is going to be clean slowly. and reflector  On date you will have to go less often than one on one. What will be the benefit from what you should know in minimum day, you will pick up and go and have to do that, no one can rock it, no you can rock it even if it is inside the meeting and no one can rock it either.  On time you reflector open what is happening during d they what is happening in your left a little bit you have to think but there take your time no rush come just to and ka what is happening with them in life Everyday routine magic bill happens in seven days only. Now see exactly what will happen. What will happen, see for yourself what will happen. You have to think about it on time. This is what you have to do. The second thing is the meetings in the office when you wait.  Whether someone will come, it will start, you are getting time in between, you can pay him on time, you are the one who is caring for your daddy, whether he is in a government job or in a corporate, someone is in C, I am telling him that the job is ok. I am telling this for business people, it is fine, I am not telling it for business people, I am telling it for employed people, so when you are waiting in the meeting, then have your something and in your mind, you should be thinking of something personal.  The agenda is to give him time, what is my child, okay, it has returned, the wife's work has to be done here, do this thinking process in your office, what to do at home dear, I will also tell you separately, this sir tension is the same. What has to be done and what can be done, who had to do it yesterday, someone has to make it shorter tomorrow, do it for 2 minutes tomorrow, on due date time, your on benefit, sit in that time and do not do anything else because that is the time and waiting you bill get date.  Type: 3 minutes, 4 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes, sometimes you get 15 minutes, 20 minutes too. If someone gets late, then you definitely have to do this. Third thing do not waste other energy and time in gossiping in office too much.  We have a habit of chatting as if we were in a meeting, we are going, time is passing, this should not be done at all, you have to keep a serious look, of course you have to keep a serious look and do not talk about any of your things in your life. Thinking about yourself in the bigger picture and in the bigger picture, the energy keeps you stable. At this time, whenever you get time to gossip, in whatever time you get, make payment on your phone, pay it on your bill, whatever you do like this.  Many of the Minutes Dead Minutes  Very few are those which you have written in the morning. You came back after writing in the morning or you wrote them at the time of the meeting when perhaps you could have honey but you could have written. Who knows what you are writing in your code words. Your mind is running.  Okay, you have to pay its bill, you have to pay its fees, okay then you have to book that movie ticket, then do one or two of those five and then when it was the time for the gossiper to be a little alone, then you executed those two.  Do this in five to 10 minutes  You can spend 1:30 hours comfortably within the frame of 8 to 9 hours and you will get a sense of achievement. You will find many people who will go to this, but every mother does not. Right now, you are just sitting there with CCTV in your hands.  So take the day, what kind of job are you doing tomorrow? If you are of this type then government people are not there, they are so tight and they are fired even in corporates. If there is time for power then there is also time for doing good and writing diary.  There is time for this and the phone  But to send a message, to do it this tight, no less. If it was happening so tight, India would have become a developed country long ago. If we were actually reducing this much, then such countries are not doing it.  We are wasting time and we don't even realize how much time we are wasting. The fourth very important thing is to be an enigma in your office. Your personal life should not be like that. What is the biggest mistake people make?  Let's do it, then they say that life is life, everyone has their own Andaman egg, everyone tells me that I have a wife, I have children, my wife does this, my parents are this, my house is there, I have this much money, I have a car like this, I am among the poor.  I am rich, you know all this, not only you, but your colleague also knows, today your face is down, what happened, you must have had a fight with your sister-in-law, sir, people have told me everything about this.  have experience  I am giving more by squeezing and also saying that please do not forward it because brother, I am giving knowledge with great concentration, this is a real thing which will not be achieved by any teacher who will give you heavy Puri on a job of Rs. 30000.  Make one crore within 20-30 years. People are not going to become millionaires by implementing such videos from tomorrow. Sanoj Jhingalala will be happy in life but quietly tell anyone Enigma anything.  You should not tell anything personal about the question, no one should know whether you are married, happy or sad, do not have children, what are you doing, the world will ask, do not tell anything of yours, you have to remain so busy that you should not talk about it, it is very difficult to do but one day.  To be happy in life, stay happy, this is it, it is simple, this is the formula I am telling you, which is simple to execute then it is not this, I am not of cleaning, this is the thing that I am telling along with it, it is easy for you.  But it is very simple, why do you have to be dependent on someone, why do you have to tell him something, this is what you have to do, extra time or extra will come, he will just ask you to stay late in the office or do something extra, you have to make him feel that that is enough.  She felt that I asked for a kidney from her. Normally, we behave like this when you ask her for leave that mother gave me her left kidney. You should feel like this, today you will have to stay after 6:00 and after 5:00, one thing for that.  You have to come to the office on time. When you come to the office in time, you can't do everything. What do people do? They come 5-10 minutes late and then only the elders stay 10 minutes early and one thing, the traffic will back up, your life. IF YOU ARE JUST BY PEOPLE BY 10 TO 15 MINUTES DATE IS THIS TIME WHEN YOU CAN PLAIN YOURS ALSO EARN THOSE 10-15 MINUTES EXTRA SONA BILL NOTE TAKE  You come to the office 10-15 minutes early and when you come to the office, you go around and show it, don't enter your cabin for 10 minutes, be afraid of people again, this is always going on at 8.50 pm, this is what it is always, friend. Fear and oil people tha no date you come early your colleague here everyone should know after that he will be established then you also have leave just do it like this you tell him like this sir my  So sir, I have to go with her, I have to go with her, then I will have to go in a taxi, the money will be lost, show her like this, always show her that you have something which will be spent, do n't do it happily, which is called making faces, money. Wives also say this. Wife is in a bad mood. She wants to short you out. You have taken her to the best Italian restaurant. You are mixing her delicious pasta. Everything is going well for her but she is not smiling. She is not happy. some other time on that  Videos will also be made on these things, it's okay, your choice is good, I have brought it in a good restaurant, everything got yellow, otherwise the mood gets spoiled, what did I do, how did I do the same with the bus, why do you do the same with the bus, why does the bus do it with you only? So he should feel that now you will not eat, that's enough, every time, every time, whenever he says, how much should I do, I don't have to do it, it doesn't seem to force you, even if you have a maid, women will understand more, which she will interrupt again and again.  go that  That sixth has gone to the little beet face and you bill have the degree of difficulty in giving every extra, a little bit of testing is done there also, a little bit of all this is Indian, we have hired the person whose terms and conditions are made to the face, when you are a fake caste and  You are not leaving, I am not saying this, I am throwing that much because you are in a worse condition than most of the middle class job seekers, actually because I will get six employers and will leave here.  There is a little problem, what do I do? I don't see the mark, there is no mark to be seen, I am becoming smart, I should never say, leave the job, whatever I say, I should do less actions in such a way that she just leaves the job and goes away because. This is from the train, hey, you have been made such a slave that the one who freed you from slavery is the one who is batting on your behalf in your team, don't troll him, go away, you are not the owner of the company, will you tell me?  Wrong  He is teaching me that my employees will have soldiers in their streets and I am ready to bear the trouble. I have to write the video to give freedom to those who are enslaving you because the conditioning is so strong, he is teaching you people the wrong thing.  There is nothing wrong, everything is right, it takes 2 minutes for Malik to sell the company, it takes 4 minutes of his life to fire you, that Bajju is firing his ₹ 10,000 people, how many thousands of people?  Now, see what kind of ceiling was there by putting a gun on his temple. You know that startup which was there by putting a gun on Ganpati and see, in the meantime, no one even has sympathy in the society, whose jobs are being lost, Nobody Likes Brother.  Employees and who they are from, they don't know, they won't look like they are employed because they were born and lived in such a toxic environment, they should not have done such jobs anyway, I will make a video on this so that if you How is it in this environment that you are being asked to do such a thing and you say brother, what should I do? If you do a job, it will become different but you have understood that you do not have to do this. Five things, sixth thing, always for the sake of coming to the office and living.  Do a pull ride or a thirty second taxi, never drive yourself every day, whatever time it takes for you and the person to come into your life, from one date to another, 2 hours defending on who? Used to be  It is one to two hours, minimum one to two hours inside the big lions, it can be up to two, because maybe it is more up here, one to two hours, you can use this time for refreshing relaxing time on YouTube, like me, like me, I am here. I will request all of you people, now the video is like this 20 minute video, I put very good videos, according to me, they change your life, you people also agree, when should you watch this, this is the best time, why are you coming to your home and watching it?  Home  I waste time with my wife, okay, relax at home, these are the words of knowledge, these are the things of happiness, these are the things that are empowering, I am telling you these castes, should I do my video, go and watch it in the morning, if you come, then watch it, okay.  Not only this, well, if you give me a day, I will also read it, I am one more like me, keep some of the things that you think and correct them and you will automatically come up with ideas for tomorrow, this is the idea of ​​​​tomorrow, now I have given the history with you, Guru.  those people of ji  This is also what you have to do, start blackening me, start doing it slowly, then utilize the date because you have ruined my life, meet me, this is what you are watching at night at 12:00, is n't that sleep?  If it is not being fulfilled, then it is your duty to do it, but the driver is not hired from you, you do not hire a taxi, you do not run the clutch, brake, accelerator, you cannot think of anything else, if not, then if you are going in the metro, going in the public transport, going in the overalls.  Are you thinking, put something in your ear, you are thinking something, but still boastful, something like this is the thought process, something is going on in your life, it is relaxing, it is your mental sensory, it is excitement, everything is not relaxed, it is late date.  IF YOU CAN AFFORD IF YOU ARE APARTMENT CLASS ABSORBED WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF HIS DRIVER I COUNTED SEPARATELY OTHER VICE HE IS GETTING TIME YOU DON'T THINK THAT MONEY IS GOING HIM IN MONEY  Whoever is going is yours and it is not that the man goes in his own car for free, he has to park there, he has to run on petrol, that too will not run in the air, then he has to buy another car, then the car for his wife will be at home. Travel your time in this, now don't make too much logic about me because there is not much overlap in my subscribers and if any of you have not subscribed on Clarity, youth Sangolife Sutra is my big channel inside, that is not done.  So do that because I give a little bit of logic there but people there don't understand much logic but by doing it they are happy in life, so I am going to tell that thing, the remaining 6 points were like yours, I am showing something of Sangolife in Sattva. Two further you clear the video of 36, I have already made it, 36, its sign will be available in life, 42 is pending there, at the age of 36, you will get the idea of ​​​​actuality in life, my friend.  What to do, where will taste come from in 42, you will be able, you can clearly execute this, this is N6 air gap, if you are at 2830, do n't yearn forcefully, idea will come in 36, because in 28, you will jump left, right, then only that experience will be generated.  Which is called not success, Divya Kriti ji says, I don't like it very much, if nothing else happens then the experience will be great.  This is the statement of losers, they tell themselves to them, to students, by people, are you taking names and oil, why don't you give it to others, oh brother, such a big influencer, such a big line, they will give such great clarity, if you do it for 7 years then I will do something.  Otherwise, there will be experience, Chatung Experience, I will eat it with the bread of experience, there is no point, then it will definitely happen, which without experience, I have learned from the morning without any testimony.  There is power, with time you can get a job, but this thing should be discussed in detail. A separate video of 15 minutes will be made on this thing, what am I trying to tell you, you are not too old at 36. 22  23 years old, came out of college, got a job, did an internship, got married, 30, 31, are having children, are doing second, are doing first, are getting settled, at 36, I can breathe, there is action.  There is a little bit of astrology in it, basically everyone understands the meaning of Saturn, they will understand it earlier also, it does not mean that I belong to it, but in 36, everyone will understand it, the majority will also understand it, there will be many who will never understand the thoughts like this in life.  There will be 5-10% who will never understand anything, they will keep on suffering like this, there will be some brilliant ones who have exposure, guidance, mentors, gurus, they understand things in 27, 28, 30.  They will go but majority 70 to 80% people realize it at the age of 36 and if they start taking action then it takes 6 years of time to do what their mother did, till then you have to keep doing this grind.  You ca n't be like patient and cry, you have to take out life from the time you have and the remaining time is life itself, then a time will come in life, brothers and sisters, like I also realize this thing.  I will tell you the example of what gold is, then we enjoy making the video, more people will watch this video, good comments will not come, what will happen, the subscribers will increase, I am getting the results in making it, this is the pleasure, I have taken my results from this. Took the fruit in the action itself. Karma is such that it gives the result only in doing this. Now what you will get is the bonus. So how much bonus will you give? Tell me, you don't have to do it at all, you do n't have to do it at all. You can do it with a brother because of blood relation.  please do it with me  You can, it is not necessary to share the knowledge to more people, you have to do consultation also, sir knowledgeable, everyone has got everything for free, then everyone will be knowledgeable, then everyone will make this tight, make it tight, the story rule will come out like that chain was done in Gurgaon. Before removing it, Twitter had been installed and it will remove the rule that CCTV cameras will be lost and if anyone catches anything, it is important to share more knowledge but one thing is that no one can force you to socialize and be very. Extremely happy with your you know bosses and Puli, keep quiet, your Khali has no friends, see that yes, you cannot create the atmosphere of a city any more, you cannot be ill-mannered, but do not enter into each other too much, do not know this because when you  If you ask someone yourself, what is yours, only then will he ask you. If you ask someone, what does it matter to you, what is your calling, what does his wife do, what do his children do, whether he is rich or poor, the house is his own, it is Red's.  Read the big difference, it is a very beautiful thing, videos will be made in future also, you have your own house, your parents have a good house and you live on some floor of it, your bus will be jealous of you, you will climb that friend, I am sacrificing my life to buy a house worth Rs. 3 crores. And he doesn't know that there is relief in phase one and seeing that the car comes so much during Diwali and now I mean there are such feelings of prejudice from inside, which are very prevalent these days and this too from a very humble background.  have come  But people get disturbed when they talk like this because these are the things related to class difference and many people like them in this. It does not seem politically correct but it is a fact. Many people are doing jobs with a windy vindictive nature. People who are not doing this say that they have not worked hard, I have worked hard, I took that exam, no one will say that you took the exam, you got the crutch in it, it is the one who has the knowledge of things.  Had got the crutch of word Why don't people use their full name? Why don't they use their full name? Why don't they use their full name? That all this is within the government job and there all this is that, no Baba, there is something different and fact and it's note and about. Date it is about someone and from a different community or class which is not enjoyed, date someone makes comfortable with prejudice in a very similar environment  Born in a rich family, he doesn't understand what it means to help your wife and you don't have a servant, you have to bring vegetables yourself, IT work is always like this, so I am telling you in a neutral manner, I am always on the network. Happening 1980 percent because people from very rich families do not even do jobs but are in business but still they will be 10-15 percent, that problem is that, I am looking at the remaining problems.  Let's face people, this is coming from this place and the same it is coming, the same it is coming from this day after tomorrow and this situation, you are going for half of the problems and your time is being taken away and you are wasting your time like this.  You are watching your life passing by and you have not got anything in return and that time has gone and then you realize that this is a 26-27 minute video. If you got something by watching this video, then you  You will not get disappointment and if you do not get anything from them, then there will be disappointment in life, if you get only one time in the given time, then every time is the cup of it. The last sutra that I am telling you is one point, that whenever you give time, be conscious.  Of what you are getting and is it worth it is it worth it the story is not like this, save my ₹ 100 by keeping a dead hour line and if I save ₹ 100  If you want to save money, do n't wait in line then check if dead hour is worth Rs 100, see this example, watch this video, subscribe to this channel, utilize your time when you are waiting in the airport for a flight, ok.  Hai you are waiting on your transport tu kam taxi tu kam vile traveling kaan mein lagao apni doosri duniya me chale jo aur usch duniya mein learning sleeping aur har video se  Like I mentioned here along with you, if you are sitting near your phone with that pen, with which you can write or type like this, create a folder, type two small ones with clarity photo with learning spot, what is the first thing, go to the office, drink a glass of water in the office.  Will not waste time in meetings. Will not gossip in the office. Will not discuss personal life in the office. If you give extra time to the bus, you will increase the mistake of the person. Not like this happily, other time, me time is free, you have too much date brother  There are other agendas and programs in my life and then coming and going in the office, I hope and how many agree will you do at the snake, tell me who will follow these seven things. If I tell you, we are 13 and 6, so we will follow.  There were and 24 and 7 on this new me and I bill follow and seventh I have told patience 36 and 42 vote in 36 so everyone will know ederwise 34  Even up to 35 can be detected which is a bit shiny, so hope you liked it. If by mistake the video has been forwarded to you, which I told my subscribers not to do because what you tell them not to do, people probably do more.  Please subscribe the channel and then do not forward this video. Thank you very much.