Hello friends, interesting topic, next 7 months and seven predictions, give it to the public, make you rich and happy, which is called money and peace, subscribe to the channel, just get it, try to hear how much you think is true.  There will be and in each of them I will tell you what is your role and what you have to do. What I do is for the middle class audience, this is for them, there are predictions for them. Enjoy with the next one, i.e.  August, September, October, November, December, January till February are the main things of the month. Listen carefully, the seventh and seventh ones are very important. It is important for everyone, those who are employed. The seventh one is important for everyone. So, listen to the first one first.  Prediction is my going forward no negative will be set This is the name of prediction Political party Too much mind space will be occupied TV channel News channel If you watch, you will not band Curd of mind  It will seem that suddenly everything is in danger, this is about to happen, now we will not enter into this, these people are sitting with one vote, vote for whomever because only if you save your time and energy, the country will move forward.  90% of the country will be engaged in this, especially the middle class auto rickshaw puller, the rickshaw puller will not be engaged, he will continue to do his work, he will continue to earn money, the rich man is keeping himself rich, he is getting it, it does n't matter and those at the very bottom, they are theirs.  These I will not call the middle class the last one because they already have very little in their life. If we see, their children, marriages, children's homes, these points are very less for the middle class, but here the escapism will be very strong.  I will delve a little further on this point, the agenda will be set, you will be completely attacked for the eyeballs, YouTube will become a battlefield, news channels have been created, social media will also come over this moment, WhatsApp is full of people.  Videos will be filled, will be sent from here to there, narrative will be set, whatever you want to save yourself from these things, date will be the number one thing, there will be time waste, second thing will be big bang announcements, something like this will be Rahu type thing, middle class will not have any difference.  Reader, do something free, do this, do that, nothing is going to happen in your life, I am spreading it here, I am telling you realistically, your vote is already decided in the eyes of the political party, they know which one voted for whom. if it is  You are not interested in getting young, now you are not D, those new lovers are lovers only and do not impress each other. You are like the chickens of the house are equal to pulses, wouldn't that mean you are a married lady or a married mother?  It is as if a married man has no relief, no wife, no caste, she will be there, and if there is a wife, she will be there too, he is not the one with money, he is less from the middle class, so yours is less, but there is no use of running, you belong to her.  Then either lower yourself, take a class and then you will come to do something, buy a washing machine, install something like this, install something else, get free electricity, you cannot do that because you have reached here, it cannot go beyond you.  If you are going then tell yourself that Dhaba's time is going to be wasted in India. Select this team. Bumrah is not well. Is the game okay? Rahul should come or should not come. Rohit Sharma should be fielded like this. Don't feed Surya Yadav. feed backup or not  Is it Ishan Kishan or is Sanju Samsung? Is it a team in dream 11? Is it politics? This is yours. This is going to be so curdish. World Cup is going to be tough in three-four months. I don't see India winning again in the present situation.  So I would like my country to do everything on my own. Some situations don't happen. Look, the team of 9 is set, the captain of 9 is set. If Virat Kohli has done that then thank you for his presence everywhere. That team itself is in such a flood that till today, do the setting, do the watching, do the bowling, do the batting, do the watching, keep doing the setting, because there is so much influence, if there is no unity in the team, then it is a waste of time and mutual conflict.  If you look at him, he is becoming an IPL king. No one has come on you, he doesn't say hello, earlier he used to do this to the street, now he doesn't do that, now he is yours and you are on him, will you keep wasting your time, sixes and fours.  nice to do  If there is a match, then watch it, I am not assuming that India is against Pakistan, but do not do so much preparation for it as if your board exams are going to happen or you know IIT preparation exams are happening or  CAT is happening, don't do like this, then watch it when it comes. Don't give such opinion in Match India which will come. Tell someone first because you will get into doing it, that's why I am telling you that all the youth and even those who are not youth are in this cycle.  In  If someone tells you in advance if you enter, then you will be caste because now that mall will be built, it will also be built here, this environment and this one, these two line things will occupy your mind in the next three to five months and if you take measures then these three things will happen.  Fourth thing which will be a good thing and it will not create so much noise but you will be happy, it will be that inflation will be seen decreasing, you will see less interest coming in, this will bring your opportunities, statement in stock market, 'Garden on D' garden does not mean look out on this garden.  So first three things have to be done, for this you have to look out on IT CD inflation data see what is happening in October inflation, how much is August's inflation, what was the base effect of September, what was last year's, you will see all that decreasing and Liquidity will be seen coming, full good factor will be seen, India shining type feeling will come, something-something will come, Puri is awake, it is true, it is false, how much money can be earned on that, you have to hold the trade, take care and that. You will start watching Fool Good Factor from November, November till January till February, you will watch like this. Okay, fifth thing, any movie like this will come, things like this will come, but again there will be a fight when any movie of Veer Savarkar comes, whether it is someone else or someone else.  Some kind of thing will be made in such a way that you say like this, it was like this, this was like this, this was the movie, that is, I am feeling like this, within January, there will be a movie about that hair type too, where who will fight?  She is becoming C too  Today the atmosphere will become good, I am not against it, this is a prediction, it is a good thing, everything should happen, Tantra Mantra, everything should be good, okay, but do n't even think about that, it means prediction, this is to see, taste, this is what is happening, you  Everyone sitting with one vote, I want to tell you loudly, vote like a poor, I will not tell whom I will vote for, I will make the one who will vote for me and will also see the fight on NPS, Old Pension System, New Pension System, what is right and what is wrong, you will discuss on this.  If you want a video, then for the sake of clarity, I am ready to make it, which is not good for the country, but it is good for the political party and any individual, now everyone forgets the country, when power comes, it is not good, who knows? Middle class, we have to be aware and we have to set the narrative tomorrow. They will set the narrative first for us. They told us not to talk about this nonsense, we have to talk about the old pension of One Pension. Whoever takes it will bankrupt the state and all. If you take the status, you will become a country, but who is standing or not, we will not vote for you, if you do not take it, because it is being given on taste, then it is being given on free electricity and water, it is being given on some religion.  Someone is going for something, everyone is enjoying their own place, why don't you set the narrative, then it is up to him, otherwise how will he be twisted a little and will be wooed towards you, then an atmosphere will be created, pictures will come and some memories will come. One picture will come, now there is a Rakhi open hammer in it, I have not understood the meaning of Geeta ji in it, took a few lines, the Indian is very excited, yes, he forgot Geeta is a bachelor, after seeing the whole contacts, you said, there is no respect in her.  The thing is to find respect in everything, then someone said a line from one of your scriptures, if you look at it completely then what else is there to say in English and Hindi, our country is suffering from so much loss of self-esteem in everything.  An Englishman travels. If someone does something for someone then he felt very good. He killed the middle class. She travels with a team. The rich do n't do it and the lower class does n't have the strength these days. The saree is fine which is a good thing for me.  Happy is the population of the country who is in the attitude of I am ours, the middle class needs us, someone should say ours, say that, but how much is he saying that this is a very good thing, please see the context of how much.  good thing  What is happening to him, what is his English, is he IMDb, I have become the IMD's death, this is the deluded illiterate middle class, okay, Chhath is the most important born, be already ready, you are the one who is activated.  Your maternal uncle, your uncle, your uncle can also be your father, no one, no, this is not right, in a country like this, they will do your work like this to attract votes.  For inside the house, you will see this page chief, this chief and all the workers, you will be afraid to open your mouth, you will have this atmosphere inside the house, you will get angry, the same aunt, mother, maternal uncle, uncle, uncle's father, should your child get married?  No one is losing his job but he doesn't care. Tell anyone, the government is divided for 5 years, keep discussing about forming the government for one year and after that, state elections are held every six months, then keep discussing, this entire country is ours.  Will Nitin remain in election mode? If you do n't do so little business, then people bill do it. My advice is, is there any video of mine for my subscribers? 50 lakh 1 crore 10 crore people will watch it, not 20 30 50 thousand people will watch it. If it is fine with you then you who 50000  Or ₹ 1 Lakh, whoever is watching this video, at least share it with yourself, at least the right thing is being said, you should do a little bit of your own fox in your life. Join whole India is focusing on irrelevant. Thanks, if you focus on things then you will see in life that in 6-8 months you will go ahead of people. You have saved your time, saved energy. There is no delay in the arguments. The seventh point is very important. Don't remove it now.  It is very important for the employed people to listen, okay Fox will come into your life very well, you will know everything what is happening because whatever will happen in the next 6 to 7 months. After the election results, Neel Bet will forget the silence, everyone will forget what happened Jitendra Chillam Chilli and the accounts will be settled, some hair results will come, some may wish, anyway the story is getting tight, this is not a very interesting match like India vs West Indies.  So in the first match, India won 115, who knows what happened in the second, so this means it is like this, it is not less interested, okay brother, this is already known, no, no, water will get stronger and stronger, I am you, the customer.  Yes, this is a service provider, you are the water, you have to sit like this, yes, and dance well, tell us, we have to relax, say no in advance, all the water workers have become pampering each other, speak to you like this, yes, why should you explain to me, brother?  Sir, we will vote for you, but you tell us why this one is good, he feels aroused in his mouth, have fun with him, and do n't make your own mind, don't be your own, do n't go and say do this, do that, do n't force yourself.  Apply it because any wish will be fulfilled in your life. Nothing can happen in your life, anyone can become a donkey, it doesn't matter anything, even the story, anything will become. If people are asked today who is their MP, then people do not know the name of the MP. Ask yourself and you don't know about the neighbor at all and they are sitting with nothing but that fund of Rs 500 crores. That MP Lite worth Rs 5-10 crores was also confiscated from them in the court. It is okay because you are making as much money as you can.  ok my someone  It will be beneficial, I am running after so much, let them run away in the sun, I don't know if the election story happens too soon, just for the sake of it, that too, I was not a prediction, but that too can happen in winter, first try to find the most likely one.  It is supposed to be on time but it can be told in advance also but that is not the text of my prediction, ok so I am not doing it at all. The seventh and important thing is that you are a working person, your life is going to be tight. Story: You also do a job. Now it is not easy to get a job, but after taking control of your life, they make it so tight that you are putting in your resignation, this is a trade which will grow in the coming time, there is a lot of supply of jobs in the market and there are some minor jobs.  Which is a top job, where a lot of training has to be given, it is a very specific job, your specialist is there, retirement is safe, but most of the jobs there are 60% of general category when there are so many children in the market.  It means that whatever you are doing for Rs 70 thousand, people will be ready to do the same for Rs 30,000 or Rs 35,000. In Rs 40,000, that person will still be there, I am a little late, he will reduce more than this, how much experience has he gained, now he will make you like this.  If you can't remove it, then it is being explained from above, you should think that I have written the question paper first, then if it is just troubling you too much and doing it unnecessarily.  The writing on the wall is that children, now you will have to look after your jugaad from someone else and because this one will not leave it, it has been explained from above that because if you fire someone then it becomes big news, caste, this company is doing cost cutting, 20 employees are fired. 225 This office, this office, tell them to put in 2 extra hours in the morning, less presentation on Saturday, if they will automatically leave 10%, then how will they cut and say which week is this? Which theory of Charles Darwin is he applying? Survival of the fittest is fine, so the week that is there will go away now. If it goes to the story week position, then if this is happening to you, then mental health, stress, anxiety, all these effects will happen.  But for this I have Aunty Dot, I am that person, I say this, do n't leave your job so soon, don't be shameless and fool, think that no one will come and physically attack you.  This is not happening, it will be mental, so the game is mental, you will be a little shameless, you will take a little pearl and smile and if you smile, he will suffer a lot, there is money for two months, three months notice, he will have to pay all that, don't speak bad about this.  But more content will be created if you want and if you want private consultation on this, someone is getting sad, someone is being made sad, they make a lot of rules and regulations and I am  Will not give relief, will not give sir, all this is nonsense, it is everyone's wrong practice. If someone signs your tax story that if you have not done a good job, then your father's house will become mine and if you sign it, it does not mean that it is father's. Article 15 of the Constitution of any country will be home. That too seems to be a story. Tax people make some children sign. They are fools, they are not fools. They make you a fool. Whatever people are signing, this means they.  If you want to withdraw, then give me a note, you have oil date match but you have bill, you oil, check that, what is there, you check it, no, how much fear will you give me a job, once you are giving me a job, write then give me how much fear.  If he will not come on Sunday but will write the story tomorrow then give it If he will not do it on Saturday and if he will do it on Saturday then write that too till now, if he has not written the terms and conditions in your tension condition then brother you know note pick up the phone after that  Indian is that old slavery, there is no story embedded inside, it has not come out yet but it is still in the DNA, it will be raised tomorrow, I will tell more in details on this and will make a video, it is very important, it will do 7.7 with the people.  thank you very match