Hello friends, voice small town people should move without city or small town vs big city or if you are listening to me in small town then you should definitely go to big share, the topic will be seven reasons, I will tell for you people, I know there may be some controversy, caste.  It is good for people not to live in small towns. What will happen if they all move to big cities? There is population in big cities. Population is more. I am addressing my subscribers. If you have understood the thing then  Tell me, everything is nothing, all win gold medals in the Olympics, all do not even go to the Olympics, all do not even play for India, all people sometimes nothing happens, so if you are listening to me and you are my subscriber and this is my subscriber, today I am now  I too should open my batting a little, do n't I tell you some content out of so much fear? Listen brother, if you don't have the same opinion, then go ahead by subscribing because now when the content will be released like this, then the audience will be scared.  Hints, understanding, fear, middle class, middle class government together, now Guruji has come and is talking directly. If you want to live in a small town for a lifetime, then a small town is a small thought. Let's start the discussion. I will tell you all the small ones first. In the urban Indian context, we live in a time walk. Time walk is fine. Google it in English. What does it mean? We have not moved forward with time. Not so much, all is not a debate, listen to the whole thing when together.  Sanoj will come to know 7th then your market will change Satva region is such a big region which corporates have released business in the world outside the world it is everybody release this about India and it is high time you also release others like this Roti  You will go on preparing for a government job, you will go on eating the teeth of your parents, and you will not understand anything else, what to do, no matter how much I am doing.  I have to write the audience forever, what to do, what to do, Guruji, I told you what to do, so today I am telling you what to do, leave your small town, why these are the reasons, you never move forward with time, second, small town, small thinking, big political in speaking.  It seems to be incorrect, it doesn't matter which votes do I have to take, which elections do I have to take, we will see when I have to take them, ok later, if we are in a mood, then we will talk like that, brothers and sisters, it is ok, I do n't need your votes right now, I am young. movie review  Had done, there were some lying in it too, witch is fine because no, now I know which one is which from mother, where is it, those who are living in a small town have to loot your money, somehow you have to do that, let's move ahead, the third thing.  There is a lot to do, there is a lot of leisure in a small town. Yes, how many life vegetables, life of eight was talked about, there was a meeting of 6, all these things are very much, what is your color in it color, if you want to grow in life then you have to go there only.  stay as you were  If you want to live in Time Walk then it is fine and you should stay because there is no space for all of them to come to the city and among the lions, the useless person who has no productivity is nothing less, so he is not needed in the city, not in the big city.  All of them have become small cities for all of them, they will feel a little happy but for the sake of young population, I am telling the youth on clarity that I am addressing you, it is okay for father and mother, the one whose going is okay, the fourth thing is about small town.  The worst thing that seems to me and I am a very close social observer is that of social reformer, that of scientist, that of Joe, that of petin's again is an English word which I am not able to understand at all. It is fine in Hindi, which is like the words of a man, Vocabulary.  It has been happening since, if there is enmity on any small matter then brother, there will be enmity, it is not that there are no fights among big lions, here there is no saving on parking, shoes or any other spices, this is Dr and Order.  There is no issue in me, there is no retirement of police, everything happens, there are all the scandals even among big lions, but still if you are my intelligent audience then you will understand that there is no patience, there is not that much time, it has been defeated by PTI.  There is complete leisure in a small town, which you will not be able to put even in the doctor and order, about which you will not be able to complain, you will not even get a happy opinion, is it a patience or not, you can read all the points.  People who do agriculture, those who are agri scholars, you note agri with three, strongly agri with four, keep on writing, write according to a point, agar jo mera kar audience hai teacher guruji type notes makes HD men's strongly disagree, to badi, gave you a choice with one.  Let's move ahead by saying that there is peace in a small town. Superficially it also seems like a comparison, but I want to tell you one more thing, there is a human tendency within you, tell me.  It will also be good for your parents too, you must have felt it, I am telling you for the first time, despite everything we have, we have to spread a level of raita inside our house, this story inside our life is as per our wish.  Whether you live in a small town or a big city, we have a level of stress, you are there, we cannot live without him, we cannot be in a situation of bliss, for him we don't know how much Guru Tattva Jagan post will go and a lot of things in life.  also this  Never without like a date in a life, so it is like this, a little salt is needed, a little is better than cholesterol, it is okay to add a little gee, those muscles, they move their bones, so a little, everything is like this, now that cap is in the big city. So the default setting is to just live in this stressful big city. If you have some accent, then it is your own relief, not forced, but in a small town, you must have seen the serious ones in the movies.  There are not many ladies like Ekta Kapoor or the ones like that, give them the example of a housewife, I will make a separate video on this too, but it will be like that those women are the ones in the house, they make the house everything, friends.  What happened in Sod, what did Gopi Bahu do, what did he do there? Why was Mata's post not set up properly? Why did he become a bad omen? Now you extrapolate this. In a small town, this is nothing to you.  You can make something here from any thing and it will feel like a big relief, just like every housewife has the trouble of her level at home, for her it is the same world, husband goes out to work for money, there is collection outside in the world, what is traffic jam?  It just happens that what happens in it is never for him, so the house itself is considered very important and everything becomes the same, so in this way this Raita spreads, people who have flats in their mother's place in small towns do not have productivity.  In a big city, you have to take the venue stress, you know that stress is there for you, something is coming in a small city, you are not gaining anything from it, this is the message, higher order video, I am sir, my audience is used, if all this  Now, after so much involvement, if you don't understand anything, then you are not me. Target audience date is also brother-in-law, you will not understand everything everywhere, you will go to every class wearing a professor's saree.  If you do n't understand the things, those who are able to understand, they are enjoying, write that i.e. I am saying with confidence and attitude that brother, it will be fun, you will learn a lot, many people have learned a lot and don't be afraid because nobody will comment these things.  It was said that from home, we will go to a small town, we don't go, my thinking will become smaller by going to a small town, but among IT people, I have to open my laptop and do less at home, so in a big city, it is equivalent to a rickshaw. Brother, then when they do not see your face, there is no networking, they think that you are a small caste and those of small town people, when you jump with fear, who went on the road with a very high system and who did not turn off that pressure cooker and what is this?  Gaya and this will be insulting give you bill be like ki yaar go there thoughts same de real state is very hi big city na because so me people no want tu come and it bill cup going up also so understand de  Next Point Next Point This is also a very important point. Ladies, women in a big city, they have got a lot of chances to be employed. In a small city, when they have opportunities or employment opportunities, or one more big thing, I want to say and that is with me.  There will be a lot of links to the points, the seventh point is very important, you have heard it till now, it is okay to go after listening to that also.  Ladies do not get earning opportunities in small towns because there is a lot of scrutiny there and those opportunities are not there. Maximum the number of teachers in the school is less than in the school because the population is less so those opportunities ladies, you will see if anything.  If there are 100 females in a big city then you will see their employment like 25 30 means out of 100.  25-30 years employed in small lions, these are out of 100 defending and IT bill very from city you city bill be vision people especially in the middle class middle class IT bill be vision look and I am telling you in today's day I  I am telling you these and these cases of lower class where these ladies make less of maids, you will see a city like Rohtak, Rohtak will be small urban, Kaithal will be a small city of Haryana.  I am telling you the city, you can share the rest. The maids available here are less and expensive and in a city like Gurgaon or a big city, there are more of them because the employment chances of their husbands are better, so those ladies are from small cities. Some people don't come because their husbands don't get that much money, so the thoughts are the same, this ecosystem is also another reason why there are opportunity ladies and ladies in the lower class. Also, the employment rate of maids is in Gurgaon city because women work less in Gurgaon city. When a woman goes out and does a job, she will definitely need house support, so that is a system which is very simple in the best way.  I am telling you the Harvard level things very easily, this one about management, that one about economy, very easily, brother, in a small town, he has to kill that himself, in Rohtak.  I know many people who try medical treatment themselves because they do n't enjoy it. I am not pointing out to them, but I am telling them how black you are. I asked the maid that after applying it, I know that people will read their own horses and those who care about me.  You know, it is okay, so they say that if you are hitting it in the form of exercise so that your stomach remains thin and you do yoga type while sitting, then it is good, it is okay but there is no other vice productivity in it, is it okay?  applied and still you  Reach out, if you know such people whether from Rohtak or from such a small town, even after marrying a woman, he is still harassing me once in a while, then please write. Okay, and the last important point is in the seventh big city.  You can do knowledge based income, you can do consultation, you can reduce it in such a way that small town people will say, well, if you tell so much then you are after this thing also, you are only after this thing, the fee for telling only this much is different, meaning small town doctor.  He is ready to pay the money and said that he will write on the slip 2 * vd3 * A. Look at the writing by writing the standard that has been made, hit the stand, take it away, no one should make them sit like this, you can make it mine, my bathroom will be here, mine is like this, my fencing is like this.  Hey, fencing is happening in this small city of Vaastu, small thinking means small thinking, will there be a plot worth crores, crores will be spent on its construction but if the old one is stamped in the map for Rs 2500 then it will be taken away.  There, if you are an architect in a small town, then this is your 1000 dead thousand story. You are not going to become some big great professional, then you are there, that is why in a small town, this is the biggest and the biggest region which I am telling one more.  I am not on purchasing, I am telling you in a small city, in a small city, take the top 7 cities of India, Delhi in which your Gurgaon, Noida will also come, Delhi NCR, the whole of which becomes big cities, like big cities, then Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai. In this you add Pune, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Hyderabad, then add some more in it, State Capital, 15-20 top five cities, okay brother, India has 14 crore population, about 10% of the specific population lives here, just this less population. But everybody knows everybody is getting this star, earlier he used to come, I am telling you the latest test, you have just seen it in the Economic Times, in the business, in the news, in your own mind like this.  He must be going, he has become fed up with the numbers, the numbers do not come out of him, that Bathua Rahat, he has not risen above these things, Shiva ji, how much is this, how much is that, how much is that brother-in-law, in this you date, only nobody, this note.  Targeting Dame, be it your Zomato, be it any big company of yours, everybody has phones, whatever thing is targeting, this is the one with mass numbers, Hindustan Unilever has entered into it that it has to be sold. That kind of country gave the touching point. Yes, there is a company which wants to distribute even up to the village level, but the date bill is distributed and their separate system is running. Date is I think just 10 20% d latest whatever is the latest test.  Whatever direction I am telling you, everyone starts drawing it with small lions everywhere because everyone was sitting in the numbers and got it.  Subscriber's revenue is low or customer's share is very low today, their fixed cost was getting very high, losses were reduced from the margin and they were getting closed because it is very demanding and price sensitive, very extreme.  Small town man, big city news, big city man has the value of time, he knows that if my time is being held back by this service, then only this billing is on you, this small town man. Note Winning Tu D There is no shortage of time in that city He goes 4 km 5 km from one place to another There is nothing in his life After that Rijiju There is a lot of time and he is not going to give money No this is D Message you me  For subscribers and special youth, leave your small tones. If anyone likes the sound of this thing, then let me tell him another example: When you live in a small village, you go from village to town. Even if you go from a town to a tehsil to a small town, you still see growth. Manoj, if you people from a small town have liked the video, then tell me, it is better to live in the village than in the city.  You do the same comparison between a small town and a big city and when people go abroad to study from a big city, when the community is different, would it have happened in a small town surrounded by other community on people on cast on?  There is no prejudice in the thought process, it is glorification within itself, we are this, I am taking note, name of other community in cast, but it is across, below, above, below and all this has too many elements, this is regionalism, religionism.  And this community and I, you, these 13 Sir, I was saying my surname in patience, it must have entered my mouth at that time or I did not take it out because  What is the point of saying that the husband who has been watching the video till now should finally open it and tell him that the husband has done all these things, so it is not that such activities do not happen in big cities or there are no such people there, that everything is there.  Sophisticated, all educated, all great which I did not name but relatively and percentage wise because their horizon is different because they actually interact with different people and different community this this community this Interesting with this one this cast is interactive of this and they release ki yaar human beings come in whatever shapes and sizes or community se kuch nahi hota meri wali mein bhi baavdi hai doosra mein bhi hai meri wali mein bhi shan meri wali mein bhi shan me Surname which is attracting from Shan is doing Hajj Gan meaning de surname de cast ka naam which is surnames hai de assam great singhniifications and  Significance in small town today as a result a lot of energy and time is wasted in it and such youth you have no come out of it and what is that then too much of it is being rationalized or too much of this kind of war is also happening in small towns. Because then you are becoming a part of someone else's agenda because if you are a small town of vote bank, then what has happened, MP collects, if he gets, he selects, this is what democracy does and one more thing is wrong.  That is happening, I will probably do some more research and tell you some other time. My another channel is Guruji from Gurugram. If you have not subscribed to it then please do so. There I understand all these things and one more thing is going wrong if the population is already like this.  No, migration is not happening, I am making this video, only then people will go to their own, everyone is going, and what happened to his life, I will share it in details on Guruji from Gurugram.  And L and D video with this data, if you look at a city like Mumbai and see the percentage of population and compare it with Maharashtra and if you look at the constitution of Maharashtra, how many people go there, the total is fine, it is 288, whatever the number, see it as much as it is and Mumbai. How many months are made in a month, then you bill relax, villages and areas are more represented and cities, despite having more population, the representation is also less, hence that's what I want you tell.  With this, I will come in the rest of the details or I will leave it in short hand that this Sir, politics and all this is more concentrated on small towns because it is easy to mislead the small towns there, I am openly saying this to mislead the people of small towns.  And entertain me with this comparatively big city, people of big cities, you understand that it is shining, why won't you make eyes even this much because it is going big, I know it looks big, hey, what are you saying, I am in such a big city.  After all these years, if I move to a smaller one, will I become a commissioner? It doesn't happen that way and I live on such a sustainable basis and even if it doesn't happen, you will have to bear it from a big city, but yours will be surrounded by people.  I am not that shy, your skill is so good, there is no value in the line, this is also what I am trying to tell you, you understand, now you will not argue, when the small town guy goes, he is also Kamshana.  But if he goes to a big city, whatever is his Shinde row status, every person goes to 0200, no one is 100, no one is zero, so if you were 60 in a small city, then you will get the value of 60 in a big city, then 60 is the time.  Here everyone is equal and everyone is busy in trying to bring down the average, every sounding video is so good, I also like it but the day is important, it is certain that not all will go to my audience.  My audience has to be 25 crores. The people I am teaching, I am teaching someone to you people, do n't you go to every coach a little, how many people does he train to win the gold medal in the Olympics, he tells me, he understands that only the selected one is mine.  The audience has to understand my button because when you ask this, I don't know what to do in a big city, what to do in a small town, you have to prepare for a government job except in a small town.  Is there nothing in it? You spend 10 years in it and that mummy keeps making parathas, food is available, clothes get dusted, age is 21 to 30 years, there is caste, then job is lost, if not, then keep doing it like this.  If we keep having the same problem then tell us that we do not get employment. Where there is employment, where there is less, where there are people with brains. By networking, you can earn money only in big cities. What is networking, these people are in small lions.  Don't know or do you know that good networking is something, that might be calling it network marketing, I am not calling it network marketing, I am calling it networking, network marketing is different, okay, I am calling it networking with each other.  If you go ahead in life by joining together and collaborating, then I hope you will take it pragmatically. I have to learn all these things gradually on different platforms. You can join me on the telegram channel which you will get in the comment area. Some do three-way destruction, some do trees, which are  can understand How should I do this journey, if I have to do it from the city, if I am in Bengaluru then which nearby city can I come from, if I am from Kerala then I can go to Cochin, if I am from Rohtak, Bhiwani, Bahadurgarh, then I can go to Gurgaon, Palwal, New Mewat.  If you are from Gurgaon then you can come to the nearby areas which are 24 Parganas and the one from Asansol and Kolkata. People are coming to Guwahati also. Now big centers are being built in India and even in North East, if you see like Guwahati is Bill Wickham, back center does not mean that you should leave it at all and just grab the nearest big city to you, then your 50 100  You will find a big city in India within 200 kilometers and by big city I mean absolutely big, I am calling Delhi also a big city. If you expand a little, then you can find 25-30 cities, the state capital is big in every state.  It 's okay and there can be more cities like in Maharashtra, you have Nagpur, you have become Pune, give respect later, Mumbai and Indore will be in place, it is okay, so in Tamil Nadu, we will not stop only at Chennai, we are merging them too, okay.  There is not only Trivandrum in Kerala, it also has coaching. Okay, so every place will be different like this, if you go to Andhra Pradesh side, then yours is not only in Hyderabad, you also have yours in Vizag, some in Visakha, Patna too.  You can go to Bihar and Lucknow, you do n't have to be stuck only in Patna, you can also come to Agra in Lucknow, you can go to Kanpur, you can go to Noida, it is okay for you people, so this is it, you have you.  Approach it but there is no choice you bill have you do it you bill have you do it you bill have you leave if you want to do good in life otherwise you will be stunned even after asking till date no one has made a video like this I don't know that it was made but now I also know that it is correct for the sake of politeness and all this happens like this, people get angry because of maximum audience and subscriber base, there is relief only in small villages, is n't it India?  Right now, in villages and small towns, the people are busy cutting them down and saying that if you stay here and become more famous then they will not be able to control them. People in big cities don't even vote for the politicians.  I am not even from here because if you see in Gurgaon, you do n't know how many people are sitting outside and do not go to vote after taking leave. These people are from different regions due to which all this is being done. Okay, so you have to understand that.  Your biggest wish is money to progress your life Sher