Hello friends, this is a very important topic. Seven science witch bills tell you that you are emotionally neglected. A child is very important. In my consultation, I have seen trauma. These symptoms occur in even the most normal of seemingly healthy people. If you see, you see inside.  If you are there then you can see and introspect about it in your childhood, 7 sciences are very important, it is very important to see and understand your  Applying for pay, if it is one of the intake, then off course, if it is 1/7 degree, then one can always without exception, but two sciences are visible, then it seems that yes, there was something, three kar auto intake, you can identify with five out of.  7 six out of 7 and 7 auto 7 to ratio I am sir my audience is not getting bored see understand that all seven of the set will also be very rare and zero out of seven.  Bill also BN and Score but according to me, let's start first thing, there should be an over achiever over fever, everyone tells them yes, something must have happened in their childhood, maybe it is like this, they say so but those who are over achievers are very rich.  Have become a lot, have done something in 25 years. Have done something in 30 years, have done a lot. Sitting in a fire lake and always want to achieve in everything, then it is a trait, no conclusive rate is necessary. You have to associate it with other things also, but this is that it is constantly roaring with ease, coolness, pause, with pleasure, a little less today, now it is good, if it is not in the mood, then it is a good thing.  Will not do because psychology is a psychological thing, everybody can be a man, can be a boy, can be a girl, it becomes very important in the way of girls, especially when girls are in childhood.  Parents, especially those who do not get love affection, protection and involvement from their father, are Casanova type of badass girls, they understand this oneness, their strike rate is visible, only then they say, 'We are very sorry, now we are here'.  I am revealing something, please do not take any illegitimate advantage of this knowledge, but the girls and boys here are also fine, work both vests are fine.  Agar aap u find syncing tu match ki jo jo dekh hai na praise me on insta, do me a lot, why is it happening, there is no security inside, I did not get love from my family, from my father, from my mother, from my siblings, I did not get it in my childhood. I was also hot looking or she was too cut or exposed as you like because if you are happy to have your photo clicked then you don't go this route in front of thousands of strangers.  Administration and all this is a very deep thing to do but today's topic, each topic can become its own very deep 15 minute topic but I am not making it today because today I have to make this thing which of these. You can tell the audience what you need in detail, one to three, seven, you can tell that is fine because I will reset it for 15 minutes, it takes more than 15 minutes to watch YouTube, so give it to me. Points are done, okay this is what you have to remember, the third one is that one is extreme, understand these two extremes that this person who has emotional issues has been neglected in childhood, he would not like to be dependent on anyone at all, I do not want to be dependent on anyone. Sir, I have to do my own thing, I do n't need anyone else, then this approach will be like this or in its extreme, the group will be busy, will I go to my friends, spouses, without them or leave them?  You will go to me, you will become this, either you are my friend, you will support me, you will not leave me, you will not leave, you will not go, you will not do this, you will not do this thing, these two will remain in extremes because that is the normal calculation.  People, you know, in between, you have to be dependent too. Sometimes you say to someone, 'Friend, can I make tea, is it okay? Or can I put my clothes on, or I ca n't get my clothes, I can't get glasses, I have to be a little dependent, that means Idli, it is n good.'  think tu  Have to read B Independence, they live in ice cream, normal think, you are also some times dependent on nature, otherwise this one has to be seen a little extreme, do it with them also, only then you will connect the story and dot, in this video, I want that which is very old of mine and subscribe good.  Make small notes, watch the video Sanoj, three-four names will pop up in your mind, it could be yours, it could be a relative's, it could be a friend's, and you will enjoy doing it like this, yes friend, that.  Independence is neglected, yes, it was neglected, someone will have confirmation, someone will not have it, you will joke a bit, you will forget, there is no learning, then further I am telling this template, brother, I am telling this from the stomach consultation, on this there can be nurses in the stomach also.  But I am telling you right now sir, this is not to be done, if you have to give content, then increase its value, again and again I am saying by doing like this, clapping like this, do value, Terris.  Do it okay for yourself and there is no need to forward it too much, take some for my subscribers who can watch comfortably, don't give it to everyone, otherwise people can also take wrong advantage of it, it will go to too many people and the other  You can cry for a long time especially because when someone's pain points are hit, many people go towards self-acceleration in life with the realization that yes you are the one who denies the reflectors, it is very ridiculous, then my  There is an audience, I know that you like it, but it is not necessary to send more messages to other people. Fourth thing in your life, you try to do so many things but you never fully complete, this Chauth is the simtem, should I do this too, do that too.  I will take it from within, I will not make us astrological on the channel, but that thirst is there, like you are a thirst, I will make a topic sometime, okay, it is not heavy, that means there is no taste even in career, then I got something.  I am not getting anything else, I have to invest. I have to invest. I went for jumping. There was no salad there either. Story, I am not getting the taste. You are going there from Bihar. You are breaking off the relationship. I did not like this girl with this boy. This boy is not good.  Now that one is not going, then this one, then that one. Changing cars, changing phones, means you can eat, sometimes you are going to eat here, sometimes you are going to eat there, means you are changing clothes again and again, you do not like luxury.  where you are  Note feeling complete and you really don't know then this is a big reason if the general pattern is giving times in your life for 15 days for 10 days for 10 days every normal means the day after tomorrow bill also flower days no one did this  Some people will never get this feeling, but if a pattern is being formed in your life, it has been 6 months, 6 months have been considered as a pattern, after one or two or three months, we can think that it is okay, no problem.  Okay, six months, it's a pattern, year, off course, okay, so this is a big thing. Fifth thing, people around you, your porters, friends, relatives etc. do this. Man, this is an English word. In Hindi too, they might say something like this or don't be.  So hard on yourself, once we take a lot of care of ourselves, many people must have seen you, no, I am dirty, I am not better than me, it did not happen like this, it was my fault, I have to do something else, you Sachin In childhood, when you lost an eraser and your mother had invested money. Can you have a problem in astrology and there is a small market in it? If today mother takes your paan, is it a discovery of the pencil or a loss of thousand rupees?  It will happen if the car spits, it is not a big thing, it is not money, it is [music] When you are denied a good teddy bear on a birthday because it was expensive, the parents wrote it, thinking that he will throw it up in a few days.  Will she throw away the expensive one I bought? I bought this one with coconut hair and that too gets traumatized in adulthood after 30-40 years. Then you pass it on to your children after spending a lot of money. It has been seen that I will not do this to them anymore.  Or I will do it, I will do it, this is the pattern seen in your childhood: You know, you hear this many times in your childhood, as if you were crying for a water bottle, i.e. Indian parents, poor people, middle class people, that  Take a useless thing to save money, it means that it is a waste in the name of children, who decides the waste, the child has a desire, Holi is coming, he wants a pichkari, it is very nice, I have seen it in real life, it will be like all the examples. A little expensive, it is okay on time, you are not bought, they go and come out with issues many times, friend, it is like this, it also means so much, where is it, I have just done it, I am enjoying now, Chhath and seventh are very important.  Very important is the sixth coming but that you are capable of showing love without that of money means you are only with money only, apart from that you do not know how to express love with traditional men, take clothes, take mobile, take a lot of parents and who  These days, you guys are having a test, I am late, but I had such emotions in my childhood that brother, now it can be done only with money, brother, if I don't know, then take this for your birthday. Here I have said this because look at the story, there is no such person who was not even a little emotionally negative, then such a Kamini can happen. Not a single one of these seven things is happening to anyone from my audience including myself, that if so much Childhood was great so brother clapping your lucky your blessed is ok but one or two will definitely happen, it will happen 100% even after that but there is no need to raise alarm. You people, you people do n't have to do this or that, I talk a lot on these things, there is a lot of healing in my button, there is healing in the button itself. It is by the grace of someone that it is okay but those who want to do healing like here I have done a lot of healing.  I told you something like this, the seventh point is very important, you can take platinum membership, I touch these people, I am going through this and I will also tell you the best way to protect them from this, then I tell you the seventh point, the most important is that  You are not able to express your feelings in these words. There are many people who remain like this or the person who has been emotionally stable in childhood and will talk comfortably will clearly tell in a few words that I did not like what you said like this.  The food is cooked well but there is more salt in it or the vegetable has become a little more secret, will he tell clear cut meaning that and because and his brain thinks very helpfully at this point, it is found 78%.  People Pomegranate Country Falling Feeling This is a very important point and test it on yourself, the seventh point is the D most, many people are not able to explain it to anyone, but you don't understand me, it means people say that you understand it yourself. Because you were never understood in your childhood, you did not have the vocabulary to understand because as soon as you opened your mouth, you were banded, so that whole of you was not taken out. Emotions are fine, meaning there are many like this.  Right, with the parents, you listen to me, I am your father, I am mom, so the children who say this, you know, you listen to me, we are your children, then do such things, I too find it difficult to say, listen to me, papa. Option Back Always Hut From Hai Papa and Grandpa Papa Hai Had From Hai Papa and Grandpa Everything Ye Hum To Har Aap Hain Hamari Baat Suno Main Tera Aap Hoon I Am Telling You Do It Your Father Is Telling You Father also telling why what happened is not equal, does it mean Hitler is needed, is this a different pain of Indians in homes because nowadays I have heard from children to whom I have taught things, they speak and children are better than this. What is just imaginary parent and your child the moment you shoot at her and show these four things then he feels that whatever he has done will be equal because if you articulate it and say it then it will be a disaster.  Let's go to dangerous mother I bill him D word mother is a slightly different relief of only ladies, in this article it means that he is not like that body is pearl and will hit and shouts and is not angry and two and a half kg hand which man lovingly gives one or two  Convey something clearly in three lines, even the bus gets nervous, the wife also gets nervous, the relatives also get nervous, the friends who use their claws unnecessarily also get nervous, IT people, you reset the stage. IT CAN BE TALK IT CAN BE LEARNTY First of whatever you released brother, this is a bit of a mess, this is it, man, some parents did not do it intentionally, their syllabus was also such a week, no one told them, nowadays these English terms have started coming. We started putting some terms on all these behaviours, earlier this was happening with us, we did not know what we call it, our soul knew us from inside, our conscience knew everything, that is, something is going wrong. This is not right, anyone was doing this, what is gas lighting, what is NRCISM, what is the name of the parent and these things did not exist, what is control in parents, what is control in life, I have done better things in life with it. -Good people who have reached good places in life because of these things are not sorted out because they probably have no one to tell you that brother, this is your problem of 22 years, 25 years, 28 years, since childhood.  9 years 10 years non-changeable when you were 9 years old, you did not get her in the fourth class and you kept on suffering and you were told that your father has no money but later when you came into adulthood, you were released.  No, father, it was me and so many others who have money and we have it on time to give it to Ba ji for his life, to have money at that time to have a party, to end all that for the saint.  There was no money for my bicycle. That time cannot be returned. Now this man is roaming around with a Harley Davidson but that Harley Davidson is not giving him happiness. This is a trauma. Many a times I am making videos right now because all this is real.  Means emotions are coming in the eyes from the example, remembering those jeans consultation, Harley Davidson is not giving happiness at the age of 45, at the age of 44, I am getting free studies in life and a lot of money. Appearances are wide open, everyone is roaming around, we made it like this, we intervened there, we made it like this, I can't say anything to them, I can't say that I am happy with Harley Davidson, now I start doing something, I start giving them money in a different way, then they  Those who go to 76.5 then they have nothing but money to give love to their family, now their children will have different spices because they will get cars, now they did not get love because this brother is just a human being for not giving love.  Same  Will he give to others what he has? IF YOU HAVE ONLY MONEY AND YOU DON'T HAVE EMOTIONS LOVE COMPASSION PYAAR MOHAMMAD HINDI URDU WORDS, YOU DON'T HAVE ALL THIS SO YOU CAN'T GIVE IT TO SOMEONE, IT'S A SIMPLE TALK AND IF YOU CAN'T GIVE IT, THEN  Now he might be making a different story about some other consultant, after 30 years or 40 years, my father had given me a car and by the way, this is what you have learned by watching the video till now.  There is only one way for healing. Date you know these things and you start helping other starters. You are not alone. People have many more stories than you. There is a lot of pain. Let me share the pain of the world.  To reduce, go, regret, being a pet concert, turn, tell the world, understand that it is like this, this is all this, I am teaching one of my happiness courses, it is very iconic, you can take it.  By taking platinum membership or taking it through you, whatever is your wish, there is a very iconic Happiness Course 1.0 for platinum members but it will be in winter, okay, this is not the season, come and eat some sweet milk.  And do wine workshops like this and it will be cool and it will be fun to learn it, meaning I do my happiness course in winter only, so the last one is also in winters, so all.  The weather should be a little cold and I will do this one too in this. Many classes have been going on. Last time it was seven big work. We way destruction. One half is almost content. Okay but many people are becoming mini consultants from it. Others are doing well.  There will be more fresh topics in this one and it is in a very practical way, you will not get the story, it will not seem that Guru ji has read an English book and just made it into this as if the public is doing the rest, isn't it completely original? First Class Exactly according to the time, according to today's book, what nowadays, life has become so dynamic, another changing fast, much of what is written in the old book, which is 10-20 40 years old, is not applicable, yes, 2000 What is written years ago which you people do not have access to is application, what is written 2000 years ago is applicable and what is written 30 years ago is not applicable so please  You will enjoy it a lot, okay, keep things together carefully, there is no need to share them too much because share this video, I want you to observe it, give respect to it, everybody can note, only people who have now got so many subscribers are enough.  There has been a decent number of people who are connected and many are enjoying both of them unnecessarily, by showing this inside their family group, they will tell a different story again. You don't know what used to happen, yes.  Don't know tell me what used to happen then you bill get in you date which note required happened 20 years 25 years 30 years ago so now you can't find you empty paan by making them say sorry from their mouth or by making them do something and embarrass them. Emptiness: Will they say yes or will they say that you didn't like anyone at all? You know, okay, so many children are roaming around who sometimes have doubts that they belong to the temple.  The story was not found on CDO like it was shown in the movies. The old ones are not like this. Between you siblings also feel like this. If people have it then it is not like this originally, it is due to their own biology, but many people have spent their childhood in such a feeling.  This is also a subject of pain, so the more we explore it, the better we will understand. In India, no one talks about it outside, still things have happened, it is okay, things have been heavy, witch is good, it is okay with us.  Actually, bread, clothes and house will reach the stage. Now you can talk about all these things because on an empty stomach, all these things cannot be said in English. But my audience on power is middle class. Uppal are coming to this stage and you cross this date, it is a long time back, so you.  You need to know these things other wise you bill safar n lot ok so how many people liked the video please tell what thing needs more clarity in this type of video and on which topic we want to talk openly  The one with you, the one with the umbrella, the other one, what all happened to you, honestly if you want to write, you can write, because who knows, what is the name, is there any number, otherwise you are 1237 which is 7 only one and seven six and three.  And you please write whatever you want, then as a creator, my moral gets filled that yes man, I am touching real aspects, lot of your giving are very-very nice comments, it is okay.  Thank you very match. If you got this video by mistake and were watching Badi earlier then please subscribe also. Thank you very.