Hello friends, those were the things which appear to me to do for kids that are just amazing. If it is 90 then it is very important to do this work. It is easy and simple but people still do not do it. They delete it, so the very first thing is the Voter ID. Make your passport and subscribe sooner or later. If the birthday is 19 then it is a very important thing for the document. Driving license is a boy's and a girl's. 19 Driving Four Wheeler Driving School Must subscribe, regulation is good, I have seen many, even good houses have cars, now they are teaching themselves to drive, the child learns on his own, you did not even realize that you are the father of 18, 19, 20. She is going like a college girl, you never paid attention to this, instead of Anshu, she should learn driving in an eastern professional manner so that the wrists of the public and herself are better than that.  You have to tell this plan first to those who are three years old and today, if you are a parent or child of 19, 20, 21, 22 years, then brother, start now, it gives confidence for two shots clue service, enhances personality, do not delay learning four wheeler island.  Many times I feel that I don't know whether I have a four wheeler or will I be able to buy it, I will discuss it further, it will be in my future videos, today I am only with Basic.  I am holding things for you people, you can do it very easily, teach me the third thing, when you become a sister and that is done then open a bank account. Now generally people open bank account easily or not and there is a demand to open a demat account also. Yes, you have to open it.  Share panel, you can use it as per your choice, your experience Ashraf, this is the share market for the child, from now on, he has a demat account, this is his money, there is no pulse in the middle, and every birthday, he is getting something by pulling.  And if he is not able to find it in his pocket or he can go himself and earn his four paisa, then once he will get into the habit of buying shares, a lion staff with good blue chip Nifty listed shares will start with the good ones at the end, he will give the mind a habit once.  If it gets done then you have started his car. You started the investment journey with him at 1819 because there is not much stopping at 40. Let's play mutual fund at thirty-thirty-five. Open I Can't Be Met.  And in his name start one such last 500 rupees thousands of rupees 15 years 2002 episode and its recipe mutual fund where his name know everything and for the child anger earlier only start and start it is not about amount of will and up in  A beating, he will come to know that this is the same thing, otherwise you also randomly ask the children of this year about share market, they don't know what they think, it is okay, the mind knows.  Not only do people know that they are studying to make their career, that career has to be done, what is the need to leave studies to do all this work, will take you away from the studies, setting your urgent opening on the portion, passport has arrived, driving.  License has arrived, PAN card has arrived, Voter ID will come, documents will come, I will keep all this safely away, I will take my birth certificate and keep it safely, keep the tenth papers safely, keep the documentation properly, after that it is important.  Point is important what all parents need to do is life insurance and medical insurance life insurance usko kharani ye sab ko nobody can do without life insurance so there you need to start early 80 watching this video software twenty-20's father and his life insurance nikli he  Have to take it early, promised to pay the premium and its lifetime premium will be less and you  Term insurance is to be taken. A term insurance can be taken for crores of rupees for less premium. You are healthy, you are young, the premium will be the highest and the same will be valid. Take it in a good and big way. You will have to pay a little but it is a very good thing.  You can do for your child I don't see parents unit country tweet ok hai to ghagra setting it has to be done and medical insurance's own separate people so that oil is separate  Be covered with it and let him know that it is mine, how much is it, how is it, his medical insurance premium will also be less, because his is less, everyone's is less, no one's is less than him, their work will be the fifth thing that you have to do, you will have to take care of your 18  1922 He is a 24 year old child, he has to change his wardrobe, now he always wears t-shirt like girls do, boys wear a very casual wardrobe, maybe he goes to college all the time.  He is wearing slippers, he is wearing sandals, he is wearing a collared shirt, there is a lot of fog, festival, fan, one suit and The Amazing personality. There is a lot of difference between the personality of the children. Now they say that they accept the child that whatever I do, Children consider it as freedom that if I do a little something, then when my peer sings the song, he will say, Hey you, this is big, this is how you are feeling, but it is a memorandum, so children do not do it.  So you have to see that there is a lot of unemployment in India, it is like a pair group, if you do some things then you can get selected and stunt you properly and that your personality is not going to be suddenly formed three days before the interview in this channel of mine.  All are practical tips which I will do in real life. There is no motivation anywhere in this. Do people think that I will subscribe only to Siddharth? My personality will suddenly become better. Confidence will come suddenly and stand up and approach. There is a lot of competition for a good job and a good position in the market. In our country, there is a lot of employment, that is why people keep it at a low level, but if you want to doubt, then your personality will be visible in the eyes of people. Even if it takes 4 5 6 years to get published, the same thing holds for girls school, they need to have something for them.  Put on a salwar suit, it is okay to ask for them separately, I told that in the same way, girls should also have something like this which is a working age, it is not always subscribe button in such a way that all the personality of just like this is very important.  Point: This enemy will take advantage of David. If you are interested in this then I will bring this video to share in my group. I am motivating youngsters on YouTube, nothing is achieved by motivation. What do you have to do, raise yourself so much that she also likes to hear all this, then she agrees, okay then make yourself good, it is important to subscribe, I will tell you in the videos, subscribe is very important, time is salary, when is expert.  Key and sugar add to a gift and real time to reading and learning Ginger Him Witch is important but apart from that don't lock it Re Pagli job lagne ke  After you will study definitely that is out there Amit Derasree Money So much stuff who did not study till 12th is in Kudankulam of college No you will not get time after job and then if you get married and have kids then that is the knowledge of living a good life as a base and that and  Last but not the least, from where you can cook many things, you will get it like a key, you will get it through M&amp;A internship program, you will get it like please tell your kids To subscribe to this channel and another request a patient, you hear please do subscribe my channel, the channels I subscribe to today are those who are not interested in children, queer I want to prevent channels which will give a program to discuss over tea in your family that mummy  Yes, Papa, sit, everyone is my subscriber and today this point came, today this point came and said, today brother, is he alive with which ticks?  Let's do it, is it right, son also said, daughter said, 'Oh, that dress is looking good to me, I don't like the rest, so let's do it, you can do it. It is not necessary to implement all the points of wish given by me the next day. Do As I Say But What I Want To Tell And All The Subscribers Channel Lotus's Let's Talk Platform Templates Let's Talk Beyond Motivation Glutes Clarity Let's Talk  Dhandha List of Business Take Stock Real Thing Which Can Beat Festival Now All Such Videos You Will Find A Lot Of Value Addition Most In This Very Very Simple But Not Be Busy Vrindavan Which Is Told This One Is Very Simple And Very Simple Subscribe To Channel Subscribe, thank you, subscribe so that you can get it quickly and comment. Write in the section that we will do this, this one we will not do anything. Click to subscribe. Thank you all. Subscribe that the videos on these channels are going to be very very interesting and down to earth Lok Sabha leaders who get votes by going in the sun. And he is connected to his voters, that's what he does, okay, he is not going to tell a little by sitting on the arm chair in the drawing room, after all, it is the Chinese themselves, I will never talk like that.  This looking is going to provide true content that live news is fine but rest of the programs will be done fine. Thank you very much.