Hello friends, it is a very important topic, your DP, WhatsApp DP is the topic on it, 10 mistakes, what are the 10 wrong DP's, I will discuss them in detail, I will give the reasoning of some, I will not give the rest, it is your own choice, do it with your discretion and intelligence.  It is very important for you to apply because you are being just and being watched. However, the country is free to apply whatever you want, who can do anything to whom, but if you are free from this society.  If you want something from the people of the world, then listen to this because this channel is on this people, I want you rich, very like you are in motion, which is not at all sitting, it is less that brother, do n't do anything, if we stay here, then it is different for them. 10 DP If you belong to any further group, share this video because 70% of your family's people are in this category. 10th person should have an amazing DP. So, which should be an amazing DP, then stay connected till more. Share first. DP is wrong that people pose on the side as if it is shown on their website and not a big leader is going and photo from behind back side tu de world don't show your back side tu de world do show your this image also like  I have shown that movie in that foreign movie, that Jai jaate time, such a photo, side pose, dispose date post, not this, this look of mine is not very good, not a side one, another thing, people put it on the DP of small children, you should not put it on your children.  One's photo should not be posted alone. People say about the child that I love you very much, that you love your child, there is no need to show it to the world, the child is now in the display picture, after a lot of reasoning, I will not go into it again. There are many dandy nuns in astrology who are like this in my lap.  Who loves children, you love children, everyone loves children, everyone loves their children, okay, put it on the screen, keep the photo on the mobile, keep the photo in the gallery, take a printout, keep it in the purse, keep it in the house, keep it in the heart, keep it in the world.  It is not necessary to show it to the world. You are showing your own display picture. You should not show any child's. These people are making a big mistake. If you have put photographs of children in the display picture, then please remove them. Guru ji, tell me.  If you are saying that, I will make it in great detail, then it will become an hour long video. Okay, I will explain that in detail also in some webinar workshop. You can remove this. Okay, the third one is for two or three people. I have seen Youngster.  There are girls and mostly I am telling openly that the girl is not that much beautiful in her eyes, in her eyes I will say that she is with the other one, now you don't know when tomorrow is coming, this is coming, this is this.  This is this, why not this, this is my friend, you also have to see the picture, there is a heroine in it and the one on her side is the one on the side, to top it off, she would have taken a little, first Guddi Maruti ji had come, you know.  Does anyone's fasting make sense?  No, he is pretending that I am in the body shop. I am talking about psychology. I am talking about psychology, why this game is played and how it is played. The fourth thing which should not be there is that there should not be a night photo in the background.  It should not be night, it should not be dark, it should not be under the light, what kind of darkness should it be, darkness is visible in front and behind, you are the one with spotlight, do not put DP of dark night, do not put night photo. Fifth  I will forcefully tell you, the one with OT or the cut DP. Cut DP means these are three genes. There was a photo in it. You put yours of both the cats in it. It was visible. Hey, don't you have a photo at all? Nowadays, it means that every mobile phone has a dead thousand. People keep taking photos like this and on the third day, put one of your own, friend, you definitely have to put a cut one, I am telling you, these are mistakes, do not put a cut photo of yourself sitting with someone and please do not put such a photo.  Put a glass of liquor on your chest. You are getting intoxicated with the party. Food is visible while sitting at the table. Food is visible. Liquor is visible. Glass is visible. Juice is visible. How can a party be done on disability state or not? It seems like a big power to many people. There is a party going on behind the scenes.  It was a big hotel or something and he was feeling as if I was being a stupid judge, don't drink too much, brother-in-law is giving something to you, you are trying to get hair, you are his lot, she is a lot of people.  They are judging the jobs if you want. These things are coming in the interview. They are being judged, that is why I am telling them. They are getting judged just like us, that is why I am also telling them. I am not dreaming of making a video, after all.  Why do I need a DP, who has to put it, who has felt it is right, who gets the story in life because it is very similar to you, whenever you apply for a job, it has nothing to do with learning, it has something to do with it, first of all  DP changes. Who is this? DP, what happens on Chaturthi, Shakti, I will tell you. Also, I told you that you should not do this with sunglasses. You must have seen Banda standing like this, doing this, saying something sexy behind, expensive or something.  I have not taken the photo with many autos, it is good, normally it is fine, so with cars, it is not good with scooters, either BMW must be with it, Harley Davidson has been taken by someone or there is something at the back which will never be supported by anyone.  There should not be any support in the DP. You should have taken some kind of lamp or vehicle behind it. You should not take that support. Your DP should have some support without any support. Plants make a tour of barbed wire. Sometimes what happens is nature.  There should not be too many things that can be shown to nature, it is okay, at some point of time, change your mind frame like this for a few days, you have to plant it, and many people, thorny bushes, anything, animals, animals, this kind of thing.  You don't have to put it, it's okay, listen in the 10th, what is there in the ninth, don't put anything religious, many people put it, you are religious, your innocent is Shankar, your whatever is Hanuman ji, you are a devotee of Ram ji, you are a devotee of Krishna ji.  These are very respectable things, everyone should have them, everyone should shoot them, they are very very religious, there is no problem, it is not necessary to show it on DP, you don't have to, so hey, do you have to see it on DP? Keep it on the screenshot, listen to the mantra, keep it in the photo, keep it in your home, keep it in your heart, keep it in your purse, keep it in your purse, keep it in your story, everywhere, everywhere, keep looking at your DP the whole day, no one has gone to see your DP, it's that small.  Anyway, when there is WhatsApp voice calling, she looks very ok, otherwise nothing is visible, keep the DP there, do not keep it religious because it will cause harm, tell me openly, tell me, I will not tell, this is to please the wife.  You are saying that your wife has selected your DP so that other women consider you married, what is the logic, in some things I have not said anything, in some things I am saying something, there is a lot to say, okay, but I will tell you anyway.  I am there, ji band, judge, judge to see India, we say no, don't judge, we will be judged every second, ji, I am making videos, I too am a judge, how is he speaking, what is he speaking, who is not there, what is his age, how  what does first  What does he do now, what next, who is there, I search for myself on Google, many times I am curious, I cannot take anyone's name, with wife, with spouse, if you are taking a photo with your wife, that is your phone number, your WhatsApp.  Is there an ID, was it drawn in the passport, is it something like that, so how should it be, I am also telling you, don't think that your wife is my wife, why is there a wife, then what is the need to tell the world that she is my wife, is it in the passport, do you have a driving license?  But have you used Water ID?  Do n't seem to be engaged in anything. If you are alone everywhere, neither do you have to be alone here too. Why are you afraid? Why are you showing off? Have you ever been there with your grandkids, with your children, with your wife, with any of your family members? Don't draw anything with anyone. How should the DP be? Listen, in the DP, if you are looking straight and smiling, then it is very good. It should be a day time story. If you are drawn outside in the natural environment, then nothing like it. You are a person with less business.  You are a man like me too, so now my channel is there in my DP, you, the business people have to do that, they have to do their identity, then the photo is definitely not yours, it is my channel's, if it is going in the DP then  Bye men, this is my religion, my work is my everything, that is fine, so the one who has less business is a big thing, so if you have any business at any place or you have any profile link then you are showing it.  So that's your that to the next guy because the next  You have to maintain the same relationship with the person, even if this is my number, I suppose it is my public number, then now this is our only relation, you understand what I am saying, it can be so, but Idli is made normally like you do.  There should be a clear photo of you inside it and then what do many people do? It is not necessary to show your body with paint till the bottom, you should not show your shoes because pass this, what is more important, you know how to do this, you will also see patterns and you will understand that  Who  A man cannot show his face, it is a basic thing, it is a basic thing, it is okay to show his face, these blue pics also come, right, YouTube, if you send this on WhatsApp, if you want a video on that too, I will tell you, after this I would also like to tell you the status.  I am also an English line, people have to write, if you write someone's number in it, then something has been written in it. Many people have written something and many things have their lower level of thinking, they come from within as a youngster, some have said something.  And  It must be written that it may be anti-female, it may be a bit more like that, you are being checked, yes, it is not a deviant every time, many people are getting divided, you can understand that according to the normal ideology, even if you are there, it is not necessary to show it every time.  It is not necessary to show the place, many people are sitting inside with many opinions, by showing them you are not reaching the story, I am telling mine to the one who has opinion, everyone has belief system to make a call sound on Agri, that position is caste, I, we, resume.  More than DP after DP because that is your reality, no man will like it, no, what does it have to do with me, what am I supposed to write here, what is my system, brother, you are a human being, right? You studied in college, so you are in sixth form, now what are you today?  She is telling your DP that what is your thought process today, did you take this degree, did you ever get ahead in the world, what to do with that, it is okay that it was an experience, that too is okay, no one goes on Facebook, earlier Facebook was checked but nowadays.  so much Who has that much time, nowadays everyone has numbers as they are, add this, do it everywhere, confirmed this thing in interviews, the one who came out with this thing, came out with the first impression, many people are smart, the one who came out with the first impression, is called a thing.  Now, I am not talking about UPSC interview. UPSC people do not see the jobs worth Rs. 40,50,60,70,000. Whoever goes there and anything less is required to have a human child, basically to reduce it.  It is easy to know what kind of person does one want to have a child with. Advise brother-in-law is no less than you, this is the job you have to do, you have got a degree, this is what you have done, people have come for this post with degrees in different things and anyone will do because of this.  Some such specifics like your degree and college education are not applicable here, it is applicable as to who you are, who you are, this is decided by DP, that is visible, the viewer knows that yes, he has to see this, after seeing that, he forms some impression from it and gives his opinion.  write question  It is late, by asking those two questions, the impression can be wrong which was the initial impression but normally it never happens wrong. Okay, so it was very important to tell me this kind of thing, because the topic I am making is clear, such eyes are not found on YouTube. Guru ji, don't say number one, I am talking about clarity to myself, no one is making it, no one is making it, no one is telling me, I am batting from both sides, all three sides, from everywhere, I am telling you that baby, roll like this, your bowling will come on you.  There is a gap between the middle term and the next time, some leg is visible and the yorker will go from there, do it, you garden yours but this one is ideal, I didn't even know that I told anyone now, now I know.  Now you do n't have to do it, it's your choice. Now the one who is sitting at 48 years, 45 years or 55 years, it does n't matter to him, all these things are fine, but brother, transactions are happening for you too, you are also doing business. You are also giving money, you are also investing, you are also interacting, now if I have done this thing 10 times, then you yourself, now you start watching this video of yours, who is like what and what is this which I have done 10 times.  There are many more things mentioned but I have left it at 10. It's okay but this is a mistake. Seedhi Sadhu has become his own. No matter how mentally twisted people are, sometimes it is the opposite too. Show me the world is on the good side. Becomes Prominent When a person does this by showing a photo of his backyard, isn't something going on inside him too, that's why that photo was taken like this and his mother is trying to show it there because your mother is doing something, then you  You are showing but what I am saying is that by doing what I am telling you, you can change your mother, it works in reverse also, date it is not true, you teacher, everybody you do this.  Show this day is the best site, it is ok, so I told you how to be the ideal DP, Shakti, yours is ok, now please don't check mine, I get a lot of messages, my one is ok, you should look normal, the photo of your day should be from outside.  There is a photo, there are trees and plants in the background, there are some normal eyes, it is a good thing, otherwise take a picture in your park, draw a story in your garden as well, you are smiling like this in the office park, it is okay and not this, why with the wife?  no pull  You can ask your heart why you are not getting the position and also look at those who are with you, no, there is nothing like that, I have a lot of differences, I don't want to be judged like this, is it okay with my wife, tell me a photo with such a wife.  You have taken a photo to show forcefully. This is a forced show. You have taken a photo with a grand child. You have three grand children. What about the rest? People want to show a lot, this is also a fact, they are not such fools.  is people  Those who do their DP, show it on their status, show it on their outings many times, want to tease someone about how I am being cat, it is not necessary to show it on the status also because you have to show that you do not need to be loud, I will make a video sometime. Ok class, I have come to know that a person can have class even without money, if he knows the basic thing that this useless dancing is of no use, ok, so many people watch and understand, for now I have told you enough, some more day.  You will be in a mood or on some other platform or sometimes on a workshop, and Silo Psychology will analyze you as to what happens, then you all see, then after this you start seeing, dog, how is mine and how is the world, okay mine. How is that one, easily take a straight photo and put it on, friend, and I will tell one more thing to the women, if they have tax power, then I will tell the ghosts, please do a private consultation for the women, without makeup, a lot of makeup means small and fat.  If the lipstick is not working, then what program is stopped in yours, it will open, try it and then give me feedback again in the comment area, comment is spreading there, something like this, if you feel like this is spreading there or like this, then don't think.  Do it, but your mind has gone to sleep, why is it wrong to show a straight face? Question yourself why is the mother acting like this, why is the mother trying to take support of someone else, of a child, of a dog, of someone else?  a friend's car I also told the example with so much love that if there is no one with you in Aadhaar, neither is it in your passport nor in your water ID, then it is this date, it is your DP, your number, your identity, if there is less business, then your daily life is something less. Keep posting the status accordingly, people also change the status of the people with less business, this is mine, this is like this, do this, do that, I also do it, everyone does it okay but this is India, everyone is sitting here to do less, it should be done. shouldn't be done but it makes a difference