Hello friends, two stocks in the same sector which need to be on your watch list, we will talk about two stocks, they are not a recommendation you should study and we will talk about the sector and on your watch list, you should study this sector itself. Will do well but I came across two of these stocks in my research, so I told that you guys can also do research on these two stocks and after that what you will get.  You have to take the decision or your financial advisor tells you, then you should take this. This sector is G health care sector and the names of two stocks are Global Health and Narayan Hridaya. When this is being said, their price is Rs. 1240, Narayan Hridaya is almost this much and  Global Health which is a Medanta brand hospital in which their main hospital is in Gurgaon and also in the rest of the city, its price is below 1100 to 1080. Around these two stocks, if you are looking at balance sheet debt to equity, if you are building a hospital or opening a hospital, then you will discuss about that, then you can do it by looking at the balance sheet and all this, you have to go to screener.in and  By rattling like this, it can be told that RE is like this, this is like this, but here I am telling something by doing some scuttle butt, by doing scuttle butt, it is a phenomenon of its own, googling up is like seeing the future with your eyes. Indians are facing a lot of diseases in time and are also going to come. Life expectancy is going to increase. Health insurance itself is increasing and it is not easy to establish a hospital. Medanta has to acquire land when it is not seen as a hospital. I don't see it.  As a hospital, I see it as a great piece of real estate, say what, friend, you mean real estate in everything, it means stock, it is a hospital because look from the city. People will not go 50 km away for treatment. If anything happens in the city, it is a timeless property in the middle of the city. It cannot be created. All that is happening. You people will read the annual reports and do research. I am not that mature.  It is okay to give and neither is it mine to give, it is okay, it is not even according to the rules and regulations, for me there is a discussion on tea that there are two stocks, like someone tells in the newspaper, see, see, if you understand, such people, but I  what can you see  I am seeing a 100 Good brands are emerging, put both of them in the watch list. I think in 10 to 20 years, our population will also get old. Right now we are having demographic dividend.  Let's talk about the population of India being more than this, the percentage is less than 25, less than 35, whatever it is, brother, it will get older within the next 15 years and India will become a higher income country, at least a little higher income than the current income.  If there will be GDP growth then it will include these two brands, solidify of hospitals, rest of the brands are also many, you can check them out but like Narayan Hrudayalaya has made its own Insurance system has been started that if you give this much money, your treatment will be done like this, you do it like a subscription model, like membership of my channel etc., you will also be free, give this much money every month, then whatever happens.  If it is possible, then this is a very innovative model and Narayan Hijal is focusing on that kind of surgeries that it is done within 6 hours or 10 hours outside, not like this, it has to be kept for 10 days, there is no interest or money from the room.  It is making it cheaper to earn and it is becoming quite affordable. These outpatient procedures are called something and there are many of them. There are many such ones inside the small body that someone came and did something and you walk away, meaning off course, run away.  You will not go but someone took you in a taxi within six to eight hours or maximum one day hospitalization or did the procedure in the morning and out in the evening. This is a very close observation of mine, very much, I am not anywhere in this.  He did not bring the numbers but kept talking as if those programs are happening but this is the thing which no analyst will check because they are sitting in Mumbai or those who are analysts or youtube1.  How is medical? Come here, get this test, then go there, that test means it is a sucking job for him, we can do it in such a way that we can do it as much as we can, then what is the point in that, otherwise the man will go somewhere else or his  The brand name will not be that much.  It happens that friend, I have to cure sick people, I am telling about a vision, I am fine with the vision, think that I have to cure sick people, the off courses will not be free but I will not take illegal money from them as much as I will take reasonable money and  This will increase my volume, the brand will increase, people's loyalty will increase and people are innumerable in India. There are so many customers in India. The base is so huge, so once you have the experience, it will be a good experience. This is the truth of life.  If you have a good experience with a doctor, a hospital, a place and it is at a reasonable rate, then you are not going to try new stunts every time that it is not that restaurant, you should try that one. This time let's try that one. In fact, even a good restaurant has its own loyalty base that after trying two or four times, they come back and want to eat there. Okay, so this is it.  MC Seeing Coffee Brand Loyalty in these 10 hospitals, I am telling what I have seen with my own eyes, as there are many branches in Gurgaon, Narayan Hilay's is getting quite a few, Medanta has a different level, I think the market cap is such a sweet spot. This means how many years will it take to reach Rs 1 lakh crore market cap. If you are very young, it may take two or four years here and there, but the opportunity is big, what's I.  Want to tell it's a very very big opportunity which we are looking at and add them both to your watch list that is first second is read their last year's annual report and the way to read annual report is to read the oldest one then Look at the stories that were told in this one, the commentary, what was achieved, then the fresh stories that were told here, then what was achieved in this one.  You will see the pattern whether they are verbal or not, we will do this, they will do that, then come to their matrix, how much is the patient revenue per patient, what happens in hospitals, whenever new ones are built, the cost of making fixed assets is very high. Buying a hospital and building it, the equipment is so expensive, then bringing in that manpower is not easy, the best doctors, then the nurses, medical attendants who speak, then making the whole system, both within the brands.  I would like to praise the staff inside that I have seen, there is a sense of service, it is good to see that too, man, it is not like that feeling is not there here, okay, so that is my observation which I have seen. You people need to do your observation, whatever you see and keep watching wherever you are. If your next time, what happens many times, if you have to go to the hospital somewhere, then see brother, yours is listed.  What kind of experience is this because this is this experience which is why in everything I say no, do everything in such a way where you can have the opportunity to earn money only if you go to an OPD and check that man, this is just a little ask on this floor of Ortho.  Let me tell you the method, do you know that one knee replacement is being done for two lakh two and a half lakhs, assume that the procedure is okay, what is happening, how many become like this, earlier there used to be so many nowadays.  So this much is done, okay how many are done in a month, okay, I am making notes like this, I am telling you the method to check, then you know the total, now you will go to each one and do this much, it will be more.  Also comes out but generally what is said, everyone has to taste some vegetable, rice has to be cooked and raw, one gets some idea that how much footfall is there, how much cleanliness is there, how is your experience, medical tourism is happening, you are seeing African countries.  From  Even from Pakistan, people come and go for treatment because there is medical tourism, so there are people coming from outside, it is not like if I talk about Medanta, I come to the field, it is not like only the people of Gurgaon come feeling ashamed, the world has come, you have  I have seen that big leaders also come and if anyone has any problem, then study both of them very well. Your problem is with numbers. I am not telling you, I did not even tell you the market cap. I just told you the price of the share.  The day the video is being made, the share price is this much, then let's see how much it will be after many years, but even the market cap is not telling, neither return on capital employed, nor return on equity, nor book value, nor debt to equity, nor any annual report, so hard work.  You have to read the reports of at least one year. The minimum is very old. These two do not have much history of even 20 years but if you can analyze the chart then it is very good. If you can't do it yourself then make a little chart. Ask the person doing the analysis and he will get an idea of ​​what is happening. So apply a little technicality, a little fundamental and a little common sense. These are common sense videos. Okay, so I want to make such videos. I do n't get confused every time. Want to do it because I see a lot of popular financial influence like Akshay Srivastava ji, come every day and tell me 10 stocks, okay every day, sometimes say bye, sometimes say sell, sometimes buy again.  Sometimes sell again and then say I depend on you and this and that. People went crazy in the comment section. Now once you reach 20 lakh subscribers, everyone's mind will be crazy. What can I say if the stock increases?  I told it was by ghat jaye to bol it was sell by sell by sell by sell by this aa I am not kidding people will say no condemnation because datchi raha hai in making finance channel because man  Can't make it every day, can you tell me from where? Now I have told you two stocks, these two stocks are good from me for the next year too, they are good for 10 years, so there is only a limit, can you tell me, come today, you should.  Buy it today you should sell it today Hey brother, try building a hospital, this is what happened today, brothers and sisters, do you want to build your three-storey house in a good city? It is not possible to build it in a good city, there are 50 rule regulations, it is costing money.  There is no labor, it is not easy to build a hospital with that kind of equipment, what is the equipment, it will be expensive once it comes, then you will not buy it again, you should not buy the ultrasound machine, in the beginning there is capital expenditure, then money is money.  After that Babu Bhai, it is okay, that means look at his model, once you have taken those good doctors, doctors also become fat, you are a good doctor, like doctors R means one who has a lot of skill.  It is set like if an airline takes a pilot then the plane cannot fly without a pilot because you cannot bring such a person that 10 people were flying the plane, now 10 people are not found like this from anywhere, pilots are not found like this brother, doctors are also like this.  Those who are top doctors are more expensive than pilots and are more in demand and pilots are rare, so still go and train somewhere, but a doctor with 30 years of experience will take 30 years to come.  It seems okay, you are understanding what I am saying, what would be the age of a 30 year old doctor, 23 24 25 26, if he is 54 55 then these 54 year old doctors are the same as the 50 year old ones, they work till 60 also.  It happens to him for years that people say that he is a good doctor, Rajagopal is such a good name, he is very famous for ortho, so now I have to get treatment from him only.  If the name becomes like this, when I have to get it done from him, then brother, now the hospital that keeps him is the rock star, so he is not the one there to get the operation done, you will go to him only to get it done once you get it through word of mouth. And when there are so many brand recalls that people go crazy about the doctors themselves, it's like, brother, we have to have him in the picture, the picture will not be made without him, otherwise that's what's happening.  It's my personal observation and it's all scuttle but let's say it's all. What are you seeing in the numbers? What are you seeing in the technical analysis? What is your risk reward ratio? Where are you in the portfolio?  Everyone has to decide, you all have to decide, then there is a request to those of you who have taken these stocks or on these stocks and if you have any extra knowledge. Please please write in the comment section because if this video works then I will make more videos like that so that we go with the combined knowledge that yes Guruji, we have also taken this one, I am also aware of this thing, you are this only.  I told you that my experience is like this and other people will also see it like this, I will also see it, then everyone will learn, then in the future, they will bring some other stock like this, slowly again.  It will become your watch list. Watch list is very important for the stock market. If the market has corrected, then what to take now, what to take now, brother, if you had some stocks in your watch list and you were ready and you had that price.  If you touch then now you know what to do, then this is a method, it is a very simple method, so put both of them in your watch list, do research and understand about them and if you have understood some extra, very good thing, in some good way.  If you can put it please  Please do subscribe to the channel and like it in the comment section. You can also take membership of the channel. On this, I have included very basic and very informative videos on the stock market. On the membership page, the members will get those videos. It is very good about the stock market.  There are basics which do not even have the idea of ​​basics, they are very well explained and mental models are embedded in them, it sounds very high-fi but those mental models which  Charlie Mangar's are famous models, I taught them the way by doing Indianized version and complete desi version, but perhaps no one in India has told about the examples, so my examples are famous in their own right, if you people know then do watch that too.  If you can afford it, you will have to watch the membership once. You will learn everything in the time it takes to watch a web series. There are so many videos in small quantities.  In quantity, 1520 is one, 15 is 20 and there are many more, so membership bill is very highly recommended and you will get it by pressing the join button. If you don't get it, then you ca n't see the join button for me, but for everyone else, I can see it.  Is it okay, otherwise you can do it with a non-i phone or you can subscribe from a laptop. Those who take the membership can connect with me, anyway there are webinars for them.  They also remain free further and they are added separately to the group. So if you happen to take membership Clarity for Youth Membership, the name of its membership is Paisa Aur Sukoon. If the membership is ok, then its name is good. Paisa and Sukoon, you will get both the things.  If you take this one then you can take that one further in life. How did you like this video? Tell me, share it, like it. Thank you very much.