Hello friends, very interesting topic, five things which we can learn from Akshay Kumar ji, we will discuss about Akshay Kumar ji and let's discuss five learnings about Akshay Kumar ji. Why did I make Akshay Kumar ji? Recently, you must have seen that it has been a long time since his picture flopped.  Flop pe flop pe flop ho ho baring oh my god if you look at his previous 1015 movies all have been disasters the makers have suffered a lot of losses so they need to learn something  We will try because most of us go after success stories. I have brought five things which are the things that go wrong after becoming successful. You guys tell me, do you agree with all five out of the five, which one did you like the most? Please write that.  Which was your favorite one that you will apply in your life, it is not necessary that you are in the film industry, if you ever go anywhere in life, the first thing that will be there is productivity, which we are used to, we used to tell people.  That I do pictures quickly, I remain disciplined, I wake up in the morning, I do this, it is not necessary that it will translate into success all the time. Many times, what happens when a person becomes successful, they ask about your success.  What is the secret? When they are asked, what is the secret of your energy from a top leader, then he tells you anything. These days, many a times he says that not biologically, I am divine, but it is the productive power that I have.  They focused a lot. Some times it does not work in a creative field where you require time. There will be times when you are doing certain things and it will take time to do high quality things. Those who chase timelines every time are not necessary.  The product is that good and that becomes the reason for not having a connection. Earlier, they made toilet, a love story, shoe string, a picture with a budget of 18 crores, earning 225 crores. This is what happened to them, not what happened earlier, it is a 18 20 25 crore picture, it used to earn 100 150 200 crores, now the reverse is happening, it is a 100 150 200 crore picture, it is earning 18 20 25 crores, so there is a change in the whole story. I'm telling this so what got him there won't take it you further because now that  People have to realize that the audience behavior and what your clients talk about or the ecosystem of your industry has changed, so this is one area of ​​yours, second is not the second thing in this which I will point out is not changing with times, first is productivity.  Cleared Not Changing Win Times Your age is above 50 52 53 54 55 Their age is above 22 Pairing up with 30 24 25 28 year old girls, they don't understand, some times you will have to know this thing also a little bit, and your audience has changed, all this is Indian after Covid.  The audience has got an exposure to high international quality content also and our own OTT content is coming very good Apne Pankaj  Tripathi Manoj Bajpayee, these are the actors and there are many other small actors in it. Okay, this is Subhendu Karke, who is from Mirzapur, Guddu Bhaiya and more, if you are different, I am not able to remember all the names. There are small actors too but.  They are very powerful actors and suddenly it is seen that no one even knows how to act, they are in the same tone as their Prithviraj Chauhan Aayi Toh You Could See Prithviraj.  Chauhan, you could only see Akshay Kumar on screen, so not being with the character is the best thing for the character, remembering his character and asking his name, who is the actor, like Jaideep Alabad ji's name does not come immediately but  That Hathiram is fine, which character did he play as a policeman or whatever characters he did? Remember from the name of the character that it was one of his Kareena Kapoor movies which was released on OTT again.  His name is not coming to my mind immediately, I know, I know, I did something but in that he did a good role of Teacher Ji or Teacher Ji and along with Teacher Ji, he is also the other actor who played Tyagi in Mirzapur.  Chhote Tyagi became Big Tyagi Vijay Verma Verma I think that Verma is ok again the name is not remembered like that but the character is remembered so if it does not change with the changing times then we should also change in life. Third  Choose your public image and public friends very carefully. The way Akshay Kumar ji did Pro Satta Pro Modi ji interview and all that, he got rise with him when Modi ji became popular but brother, it would have been the opposite too if you had remained separate.  So things were different in your own way, independent, that toilet was in your hands, a love story, Padman, social subjects and after doing all that, everything went well with them, after that, the public was satisfied from there too, and the public was satisfied from here also. So this realization has to come that we do not have to get carried away in life, that we have to go with the power and we get carried away, okay, so this was the biggest thing, the fourth thing which I would like you to tell is that this thing is portraying a deflating image, depending on money. They have portrayed an image that money is not so important for them and they are very health conscious and they take up women's subjects. In fact, if you see them, you will ever go to the cinema hall to watch a movie.  If you go to this ad then you must have seen Akshay Kumar's pad wali na yeh teri 0 mein, such pads and tu fu fu fu like this, he has done a very good ad, that means, although I really don't know why she comes because it is cinema. Such an ad should not be seen in the metro, in the hollows where you have bought a ticket worth Rs. 1000. Yes, in small centers you can show it, but if that ad is still there then people are showing it. Whichever ad it is, after doing such ad, you start doing Juba Kesari, then the image of one conflate goes, you cannot do both the things, you have to hold on to one side, you either see the image like I talked about, like Modi ji.  K sa association, either Kangana got runway, brother, I have to become a politician, I have to become an MP, Kangana ji's picture is not becoming a hit, a similar program happened with her in 'Choose Friends'.  That if they have caught hold of themselves, then if they have caught hold of them like this, then if you want to go the route like Kangana ji, then you can go, it is perfectly okay, but it does not belong anywhere, it should remain like this and the fifth very important thing is that it is for everyone that whenever there is success in life.  If you meet what is called one, the going is good, then again do not go back in emotions. To shine your public image, come together with the ruling party, like they did with Rs 25 crore when Covid came.  I think in PM cares etc. a lot of that Band Baaja Baaraat was made, I had done it and I broke my investments and done all that, now look at this you people will say oh no, it should not have been done and after doing all that it is okay, no one remembers. This is learning, that image was different at that time, it is a different matter that for 25 crores, you may have got tax rebate by paying 10 crores etc. but still the money is gone, 15 crores is still okay.  So I don't think that by withdrawing it from my savings because the going is good, now it is not good, now their pictures are flopping, the government is not coming and standing with them because of the losses they are incurring that you had donated a lot.  If you have paid a lot of tax, then it is you, it is your children, it is your life, now you don't know how the children will work out, how great it will be, where will they get opportunities, then never enter into this and say no, don't donate.  What should be done is just do everything, let's talk about practical things, rest of the acts, they have also done something, everyone has done it, so it should be done, but this is such a donation that you cannot even see that what is happening next. Can be avoidable? It is a bit against science, it is practical, it feels very bad to speak publicly or not, it should be appreciated for that, where is the appreciation, people do n't even remember, people don't even remember and  If the trollers will still troll, then a lesson will be taught for them because the calamity will come again, then give 25 crores, then give it, put it in this fund, put the fund there, put it there, someone has been martyred, someone put this cause, take it as your own.  Even if every person sacrifices everything he has earned, it will not mean that India will become a developed economy. Everyone has to do their own work, they have to do their own work for their family. Earned money with a lot of hard work, worked hard in the morning and evening, everything is done.  And if you don't know further, then this one is my personal favorite, so this is the fifth one, if I want to take learning, which one is your favorite among these five? Please do tell in the comment section. Like and subscribe the channel.  If you want to take membership then you can get the key for clarity, you will get exclusive access to many workshops and webinars including mental models and basics of stock market.  So you can definitely take membership by pressing join button. Thank you very much.