Hello friends, I will talk about the one who is fighting a mistake in conduct, because perhaps no one has told you, perhaps I will be the first person who has told you this thing so openly, because many people get trapped in political characters and you are making this mistake.  If you are then you are lodging and big time and many people I have seen doing because I am in corporate time in training I mean you selection interviews mentoring guidance many more less  I am fine and I see a common mistake in it. I would like to tell you all and listen to it carefully. Those who understand it and enjoy it, those who will follow, then write and those who like it, the rest, if you are in a mood, then you can do your work.  From your side, you can take your own example and tell us what you have done by doing someone else's and that is the typical North Indian problem, it is more in North India, what do most of the people do, they call uncle to some, uncle to others.  Uncle Uncle, you will reach the story from him, you will not get a reply, you will not get a job, nor will you understand, the day after tomorrow, I am telling you about the mail, or by the way, the day after tomorrow, we put 'g' in front of this sir or Guruji or his name and 'g' in front of the name. You are also facing a lot of trouble, so take his name, the name is simple, it is big, it is spoken in America, picture, height, this is my height, age is above that, age is that, do that, brother, you are becoming English, you are becoming more modern.  It's okay, whatever you want comes out of you, if you have caste, don't worry, there is no problem, but keep doing it, uncle, uncle, do n't enter into anyone's privacy, now speak about it, it is not our values ​​in India, tell me the old thing also.  I have been here in India, if you ever walk around like this and tell someone your uncle, you are giving us respect, you are not giving respect, do you know, you are entering the question base. Fear are people don't want you to be and uncle because they are actually match under your father and just a little bit older than you and sa and if they are they don't want you to be related to you you come from date social creation and something dem  Note B Very Comfortable You Kant Ko In D NDA Image Which Small Lions Which Are Lying In Good School College Good In D Sense Modern And Expensive Okay  Now, are they modern, expensive and good? I yes, it is like that because these are classy things, I am telling them for the sake of those who will understand, those who are getting angry in this, it has been happening anyway, I am not getting anything, you are right, intelligence. Chetan Vivek wakes up again, the story is nothing, neither is he getting a girl for marriage, nor is he getting a job, nor is he getting any money, and everyone knows that you are my uncle, my uncle is my dear, Amy is doing like this, then it has nothing to do with it, good manners are visible, no one told me.  This thing to you and you tell someone else  Saying like this, you are like this, you are like this, keep roaming in your attitude, keep roaming, keep roaming like this and one day again you will become an uncle without having this attitude also, talk to someone like I am trying to understand. So I am telling them to make it big, it is okay, it should be made big and the improvement is done by making it bigger, which is butter because from whom you want something, want to know something, that is your guru ji, Guru ji has said it sir.  If it is not there, then live in front of his name or does he have it, say hello, write, write, say, many people like me, my friend, you speak Sango, tell me an example, it will be for everyone, but you cannot enter his private space, when you go to America, boy.  It is not like this when we go there and call someone uncle, he will try it like this, after going there we do not say tu tu and here I also tell about Haryana and the people of Haryana have more love in our hearts, we also have special love for the people of Haryana.  The people of Haryana are looking for private jobs and begging for this thing. Left and right personality is very important. You just came from this because that's what is happening with these people. I myself make fun of English people and accent, so date is this extreme because  It is not necessary to be very or even English but it does not mean that its opposite is rude is n good think very means rude like this  Now that barbarian has said to the villagers like this, yes because they are less, we do not want to do farming, if you come to the city then people have shown it big that there is something in living like this, the story will not reach, you will win one and a half or some award.  There is a show on TV, like this your mission will be done there, this kind of attention has made that ₹ 100000 ki tere yaar ki gadi hai, it has come like this, people take lot of pride by doing it like this, I don't remember all the songs but  some ears  Sometimes they enter in, there are also such types of undertakers, do it amongst yourselves, it is a language, if you are a Tamilian and you come and speak Tamil Tamil in this accent and in normal Hindi speaking, then it is bed manager man, you can speak.  A Language Which Ideals Can Also Understand and Don't Do Too Much Yes Everybody Including Myself and Other Bodies Cannot Escape  Everything will be reflected in the pronunciation. It will be reflected directly in the voice. The butt will shake. Don't force it. You are understanding it as it is. We will not force it as it is. We will not forget it. We will take pride in ourselves. Take pride in the language so it means a little bit. Now if you understand this. Addressing women, I am giving you an example in my own language. You must be saying something wrong in your language to someone from Bihar, I am not targeting only people from me. Area, I love my people very much and Saree is my people, right now my Guru Tattva has got a little place, so I will increase it a little but I am talking about it as an example because maybe if I take the example of Haryana people, then the people of Haryana  Do n't be too angry because even I have n't been there because nowadays you have to be a little like this too. Okay, not too much, do a little political, so I will tell the story and but this is applicable every way, it is applicable on everybody you.  Have you come, you are neutral, think, learn, address people, if it is a woman then say whatever their name is, if you know it, you are not forceful, sister ji, today, if someone is going to take a job, you sister ji.  You say me, madam, say whatever you feel, if someone calls me madam, then it is like madam sir, if you don't say madam sir now, then even if a man is like me, then he calls me Guruji, it is okay, it is fine if you  Madam, you don't want to speak, in which setting you have to talk accordingly, everyone can't say women like Uncle Tai and Sorry Aunty Tai, Uncle. Well, on the lady's side, it is more clear to you that a man cannot be called brother, if I am you, then you are.  If I am there then give me yours, I am coming for you, you were taking bananas, give me your uncle, no no Usha, if I am not there, then I am not, then I will only be with the one whom I belong to, because if I have a relationship with those who are actually mine, then whose I am.  I am in a relationship with him, I will keep him for him, how can you take him away from me, just by saying to me that no one will give me like this, I will get irritated today, will not give anything else, I am telling this and even after doing it personally.  I am taking out here, most of the time 95% of the time I am correct in the address Rahat, but if you because I have seen people being around and they are forceful, you go and call them, Uncle Uncle ji is the Prime Minister of every person, then it would be a big thing, that I  I told you the extreme example, but you have to have something to do with all the people below that, that is why you are addressing them, you are not even giving them something, you are actually asking them, you are demanding something from them, so when  If you are asking for this, then it is his personal space and he will allow you in that space. When Salman Khan comes, he is older than the ghost's uncle, so you know whom to speak to.  So many people who speak this Ford type, they also know that if they don't speak in a foreign country then I am from this address, this is the address, uncle, you are not uncle, you also know that you are not giving respect, but when you  If it is pointed out, don't say respect. If every man in your life is an uncle, every man in your life is you, then think for yourself, how are you living your life? Can everybody be like a date? If that element is there then  Then she will employ you, he will make you sit on his neck, he will support you, feed you, he has done this, you want, you can do this, this is a discussion, this is mom, this is my uncle, this is mine, say like this, this is what some politicians do in dreams. They have a different agenda or reason to seek votes. In real life, where you have to interact with real people, there is a formality that keeps you there. If you want something and don't want it, then why are you interacting with them? So  If you don't do this and you don't forcefully correct your language a little, a little, a little, in your local direct, there are a lot of foreign people, even then it is global, so much of it, bill travel, people travel in foreign countries, also because of this, it's a fact.  It is not that you speak English, people from outside have to do that, I am not saying to forget yourself, but whatever address you have, keep it for your family, do not come out and walk across any color which Because there is a lot of difference in what is said within all the colors and many jokes can be made in this too or there can be a problem, there is power, in Haryana it is called uncle, it is uncle, uncle, my uncle, in Punjab, exactly on the border, there the child is called child.  You say cake oh cake, do it like this, in Punjab the child is called cake and the next border is taken out of the stomach of this one, taken out of the stomach of Punjab, in Haryana 66 they speak differently there, so it is not necessary to know very far, if you go to Bengal. Dada, this is considered brother, it is okay, so Dada, if you come to Haryana, then Dada is not a normal Dada, where is who, what is the meaning of whom to keep, brother, the national integrated diversity is very high and so much there, if you take mother, take mother, if you know the language there.  Even if you know its real meaning, even then there is no need to forcefully enter. Ultimate Jane, nothing is happening, you are feeling like I will tell him big, you are my brother, so friends, I should speak like this. You are my brother, no one is anyone's brother, there is no other brother except the two children born to a mother from Shivaay. Cup this relationship and find their address. You are like my brother, you are like my sister.  My mother is the way you are, you are the way you are, you are uncle, don't do this at all, don't do this, cup these emotions, have you been so strict in your original family or did you make this much and forcefully make the small town people adopt this as your local language?  Have you learned Hindi? If you are born in Hindi, then there is no great thing. When a Tamilian has to learn Hindi, it is a matter of clapping. If you have learned Tamil, then it is a big salute to you, my friend, aren't you? Language People.  TAKE PRIDE IN KNOWING VOTE KNOW WHAT IS SO GREAT IN IT IF YOU ARE BORN IN HARYANA AND YOU NEVER KNEW ENGLISH NOBODY WAS CAPABLE OF SPEAKING ENGLISH IN YOUR ENTIRE FAMILY AND YOU  Picked up English and you can speak decent in of English and ghar mein jaake aapke jo ek ek greater kar raha ki english kar raha tu ke kar raha date is not tu be taken date is not something tu be appreciated bhaiya ladka hai here  He was born in Learn English Date Is Suppose You Be Celebrated You are not seeing any sign of someone coming to Haryana or someone in UP or even in your story, it does not mean that it is the opposite which I have  Someone has learned English, someone has learned English, someone is speaking English, someone is speaking some other language, there is a little bit of culture, there is a little bit more, then its fast because it is made, this is very wrong, now the extremes are different because what is it, first of all  People were suppressed that they did not know English, English itself was different, everything was different, that too was wrong but it does not mean that she was here, so now by going here it became right, not learning language, talking in a new way, improving communication skills.  Buttering things Understanding global language IT can not be ridiculed You are wrong to go from this extreme to this extreme Tree you learn things If you want to learn a little at a better level then you can join the Webinar Info Group Comment  It is written in the area that you are subscribed, I will make these things a little better for you guys and I will tell you what all the physical things can be put in an actual inside the mouth.  Due to which, if your age is like this, then a little bit of that may happen, no one is wrong, genetically, due to some reason, eating or drinking will be like this, then someone like a singer, he also does something of his own, so all these things are considered to be something big in him.  It is not a matter of keeping it at this level and keeping it full time and traveling in selfie low from inside because when you are not able to communicate correctly you go heavy accident you people do something like this then take selfie from inside.  If there is a stick and you get angry, then you have shown it to him by doing something else, I am like this, you will say like this, do this to your father-in-law's house, do this to your mother, it is okay to say, I will do this to others, with love and with a base feeling. And while doing flowers for you, I am telling you something politically correct, people are going to read such a code in the video because if you go and add chilli to someone, then why do you have to speak like this, he will also come and add chilli, it is it, it is backless.  So it happens, but just understand from where it is coming, it is coming from lot of love and affection and sincerity brother, do a little something, it is not a big bad thing, it is not necessary that you use some words, dialogues and English, whatever.  We learned its bonds, we can learn because of us, do we have to live only here, we have to talk to people, we have to tell the story, nothing else, learn and talk, now your direct someone will learn, learn and understand like an international audience, so that  Advise is very important, you will get involved in identity crisis, I have seen it, I have seen it behind the car, I have never written this till date, you write what you have written, it is okay and I am late for the test, everyone's list is in Haryana, Delhi.  And here, although Bye Dr is a challan deducting thing, it is still written on the vehicles, What have I not seen? On the vehicle, I have never written till date, Sharma Bye Aggarwal has written, 'It's a relief, it's okay, why did he write that it's a relief, I have n't seen it till date.'  address and  I am telling these people about myself, let me tell it openly, how diplomatic I am, it is being said that everyone has to go on their own, Jat point is by Gurjar bye Yadav, why do you want to write a party, I have told mine, the people below should speak again.  So why did I say why do you have to write that brother, the car has come, it means you have gone to the match, Ghani, it must be a big thing, why is it necessary to write, which one is the first, meaning you want to get intimate, what does it mean, what is coming out from inside you.  Yes, see this, name it, which one is next?  The person in saree will tell you just by looking at your face. It is okay to take so much pride in taking so much information and there is no need to tell the information. Write it on the account as well. Write it here too. I hope some of you people are not big enough.  Mother, because I have to make it bigger, I have made it bigger, so that if it becomes bigger, then tell me a little bit, so that it becomes bigger, so that next time I don't do it too much, but I wanted to make it bigger, I have to tell this thing with great love, friend.  if no one tells then no one  Told that you are being in sync, if the people around you are not saying anything, then I do not mean that you are getting a lot of appreciation and this food thing is going on in the social media and a lot of them are saying that they are so intimidating.  It's no color, your friend, this is yours, this is yours, this is not a color, even Haryana has no color, this is yours, this is yours, I belong to you, I feel that it is not checked by asking that this is yours.  Bavali Bachi  Hai Ye Isi Dikhe Saare Ke Sabre, their songs are known now, Ragini bhi hoti hai achhi bhi hoti color bhi hota hai, Date is important just because of you, Tum apni language mein kuch gaana bana Dog inki aayi also hoon Belong tu date language and date color  And date community I bill come in appreciated beat a both both good food prepared what has been made story meaning chori thrahe ho story are you talking like this brother Takkar  You are killing the story, you are becoming a friend, you are behind everyone, you are running the story, you are doing this, brother, all this ear catching is not an elderly person, some body needs in the community, so comment, think, apply, I really don't know. Below in South India, there are different casts, like we are taking an example, even if a play is happening there, it may be happening there too, now I am all from the Sari community.  I ca n't take the contract of the society, I can come and tell you the template, can you give clarity that brother, if it is not yours too, then you need you tomorrow out, it must be happening in South Indian also, their vehicles are also raised and there such songs are being played.  I am going on, this is happening here too, because of what happens, sometimes the video is made long because you give an example and tell me why you did not tell it, I did some review of a picture, I said man, this is fine.  There is so much noise, okay, why didn't you tell that to the other one, it has happened here in India these days that if you want to say something good, you have to make a 150 minute video, first tell them all the bad things.  You go brother, take the signature of the one who wrote in your hand or in your brother's hand first, then I will sign it. Well, you will do it only when I will take everyone's name, then I will remove everyone's name, then I will remove the name of the car, that has to be bye.  very big  The thing was, you know madam and Guruji, now you are changing, you are changing quickly, artificial intelligence is coming, you will have to raise the question, if nonsense is going, then write it, so that such content creators know that I need to be more emotional.  It's not necessary to do that less if in this wali thing if deep but don't give because lot of youth is missing lot on this you bill and up doing manual when child people story you don't sit at higher table  Because of this you will become a master in yourself and you will not know when your youth will go away and then you will also become like that, so I went to Ghana for the match, friend, if you had done less then it would have been fine, so I hope you will take it.  IT'S IN D RIGHT SPIRIT OKAY SHARE THIS ONE SHARE THIS ONE SHARE THERE ARE SOME OF MY VIDEOS WHICH I SAY NO SHARE AND THIS ONE PLEASE SHARE LIKE THANK YOU