Hello friends, when have you seen my videos on Clarity's YouTube channel - Jungle Ka Sher and Zoo Ka Sher and Jo by Date, today I want to tell you a difference that when you do your own work or do someone else's job.  The basic difference which you realize only at the age of 40-45 years when you have reduced from B to 1 year, will be your journey for 15 to 20 years which everyone is discovering but I am telling you this.  I am telling you in advance that your war may have taken only two to five years. Basic difference between both the things. Now if you understand this basic difference, then you are going to benefit a lot in this, whenever you do it, even if you have a government job. Even if it is a private job, it is okay, there are more jobs in private, I will tell you with its example, for government also, you can extrapolate it to mother, it is okay, Harrod, see, whenever we do a job, something or the other is sold, it is a product. Even if you are working for the company, there must be some product or the other, whether it is your service, services are also a product, you are providing some service, you are solving someone's fear, if it is an institution then it is a company.  The startup is that system, that setup of which you are a part, that part is given to you by attracting people and less is distributed to you and you make it in the wheel or wheel in the English, that is the part of the D.  the game is fine  So, as you move ahead in life, you may be changing companies, your posting may be caste or transfer. Now I am speaking the non-official language. And here, if you change city or change company, then there is no stickiness with you. You earned the love of 15 clients, they love you, they respect you, they give you a good opinion of the company because of you and they become repeat customers but because of you and you void their increments and you take away their bonuses.  You got his variable pay, this would be your promotion, you would have got that, you would have benefited but you have moved ahead, now that stickiness is not there, you had opened the bank accounts of 15 people, someone had got demat accounts opened, you are doing a job, what happens in your income?  What is going on in your life is your slow study pace in the beginning but that is your snowball effect. In your life, ₹ 100 is reduced, ₹ 1500 is reduced to ₹ 1500, it becomes ₹ lakh, those people join me now and  Is there so much here for anyone? You are so practical here, you can give me your example and see for yourself. Practically, I got subscribers on YouTube, I liked the content, I joined, so I joined, this platform is mine, I have less of it now, as long as I remain conscious, intelligent and wise for as long as I live.  Hey darling, it's okay, you make something that adds value to people, the stickiness is the stickiness, the one who has been following you for 10 years and liking you, you have made an impact in his life.  If you have provided some service and added value to his life, then he has always been a good and new person, but when I am not like that and do not realize it in the beginning, then in the beginning it seems that it is not my promotion.  It is happening but that which becomes such a big figure after some time, which is called compound interest, it is compound interest when for you there is simple interest and in simple interest and compound interest, all the stories are heard, that is all the stories. Whenever you did something, you did talent, I too, after four-five-six years, you left him and did something of your own, initially he would be one man, then he would be two men, lady, whatever is fine and then two, five, 10, six out of 10. Very Happy and Satisfied 400 Find Value Six Were With You Atlist No Six will give you further reference in life and if people join you then that is Jagannath Chala Rahat as they say and  IF YOU SEE LATE I WILL TALK YOU NOTE ON NOTE ONLY WHEN AND TWO LOOK DIFFERENTLY IN YOUR COMM LIKE YOU SEE THE POLITICIAN'S ALSO THE POLITICIAN HAS STICKNESS, THE FATHER IS ATTACHED, THEN THE SON HAS GONE, THE DAUGHTER HAS GONE, THEN SHE ALSO IS A MINISTER.  He is becoming a minister, people already know that he is stickiness, the whole party roams around with a tax water bank, BJP is more today, Congress is less, but when you see the votes of Congress are like zero.  No, you are walking with one caste, if he has reduced it, done it well, done it big, but he has done it, but what I am trying to do is over a period and time is there, people are with you when I am not in this thing.  We don't discuss these things because what is this when I do it? Yes, I will definitely get the date, we will get it, but one thing is certain that your snowball effect will never be that much, it will pass and the stage will come once you acquire the date. You  Have Restart Inflation Point In Life B D 35 36 Ka Aadha Ise Sweet Aadha Do You Know Take Date Leave From Doing When Sambadi And Doing Your On Think Date Because From Start Man Reduces Because What Happens It Whenever And It's Hint Also  One URN, when you keep the numbers of everyone with whom you have good relations, the number has changed, the mobile has been reset, what should I do, its date is the day after tomorrow.  Regarding You On Date When Which You Did From Us From Date Institution Today One You Do Your On Think He Bill Be You Happy You Joining Only You Don't Have This Number Because You Never Thought Like Date De Way MG Guru Ka Kam Market Template Dena  I have to kill it myself, it looks less, I have to do it myself, exactly how to do it, what to do, tell me after doing it, sir, I will tell you through some baby R or someone else.  We will also give you exact templates but I am giving a hint here. Here I am giving you a hint. You have reduced the number of car salesmen. If so many people have come in the car, will they never buy a car again in their life? You had their numbers, you had everything, you had everything.  But when your mind is set, employment is set, then when you start your work, then people do the same, then consultation with me, brother, where will these customers come from, who did I think this is?  You are 40 years old, 35 years old, so our 10 years, 15 years, 20 years, when there is experience, no one has you, no one knows you, does not know you, I was a very employee of D Math, what happened after I became an employee of D Math?  The data goes with the company, the company has the stickiness and all those images, all the phones, all the numbers, they go with you but Happy Birthday Discount Offer Buy Again from the company. They keep sticking to the loyalty bonus and you keep changing, the employees keep changing, if someone from below you is with you then this is a big difference, you are doing the same hard work but when you are doing it for yourself then it is happening for yourself because  For yourself, as it is happening, you have seen 80 year old Bittu's tikki, his chart, his samosas, no som samosas in Rohtak, now they are som samosas, so speak in such a way with the one who can reduce the labor.  The caste is gone and it must have changed 100 times in the last 40 years. Dad is the father, if he is the next one, it happens everywhere but people have stickiness, who is the father's name? Grandfather's name was the next ball.  People know but people know that brother Rohtak has Som Samosas and there we have something there, that stickiness and brand bill note come in the date when you are there but the relation.  Else so who of you am listening to me am am the subscribers am following me am the like d content aapko aate some stage in your life you bill have you switch over and make yourself a brand small brand only koi pehle day atabh nahi badhni apke up  In Bihar, the normal oil and detergent, their local brands are giving competition to your big FMCG whose heroine has come in advertisement.  I am telling you that it is a matter of numbers, it seems like a small brand, but if it is a small brand, then you are taking small money and for small people, this brand is a little different, for some system, every friend is one.  It is necessary, I am just giving a hint, I hope you guys are liking it, understanding it and having fun, it is very important for you that I told you this thing, remember this this is a very big difference but date then means date.  you start here ho  It is possible that you did not do a job and in the beginning for 24 to 30 years you were busy in Sticky Next which I heard in English, then from Tiki you reached thousands of people in just 6 years and you worked for 30 years. Till the age and 6 years of job experience and even if you start now, you will reach thousands in 30 to 31 because you will realize that for 6 years you were not doing the job after listening.  You were doing everything plus your experience comes and you will be able to serve him things with more butter because now you know how to speak, you know supply chain logistics, you know how money works or you have also done a job. Know how to do a job through the department, know how to reduce the bank of your department only by doing it like this, what is the point in doing a little like this because if you want to reduce your own tomorrow, then two others should also reduce.  It should happen and there you can know with great love, yours, how do you do it, how does this happen, how is this Bharat, everything is possible, but what do you do, you are the one with the employment set, not only you, but you don't even know about me.  If you want to do it then you are just engaged in it yourself, I will tell you this thing in the upcoming video, how did you like it, tell me, this is a very good journey, the subscribers of the channel are increasing but the request is that a little more is fine and like and share.  Thank you