Hello friends, A Secret of Job Market and Future of Jobs in India is going to be a very amazing topic, only some secret will be revealed, there is no click bait, you will not know this thing, I am sure because this is not a cut copy paste thing, from the original observation.  The thing has been revealed and you tell me whether it was a new thing for you or not. Like the channel. Subscribe to the channel. Let me tell you in the beginning that earlier I did not speak nowadays, so people do less and like the topic only.  So let's start first, what is the secret, then we will talk about what I see next. The secret from this secret is that this 89 10 11 12 hours job is done everywhere, here if you calculate genuinely, hand on your heart.  Most of the work in the job is done for three and a half to four hours, not more than that, if you are waiting, the conference has not started, the presentation has not started, the boss has not come.  Okay, you are chatting yourself, taking a break, now something has been told, now we will do it, now we have taken a sleep break, now we have taken a tea break, now we have lunch break, now all these things are in between and that work remains spread out in between.  Maybe at some point of time you may be thinking but actually if you audit the work on a daily basis then there is no work for more than three and a half hours or it lasts for 10 hours. Many people are happy from within or not.  this is not work  You are doing such a good job. The secret is that this structure has been designed. Ask yourself, why has Luminati designed this 8 or 10 hours? The organization that runs the world is not really in the form of a human being but is an energy.  This whole system is running, why was it designed? You think you are winning, you think these employers are idiots, these people running the system are not idiots, why is this same thing happening?  Will not happen in the nature of jobs which I am telling in the coming time, there will not be so much of it, you try to understand what I am telling and we have to go there because this is the thing I am bringing out to you today.  People will also understand, everyone will understand and we will reach that place only, so why is this being done, this is done so that you do not miss time, if you miss time then you will be relaxed, then you will get what you want.  No  Because if I take out these five hours from your forest, I mean you think that I am the person who is running the world and he is a trained person to teach under the example like a Guruji or a teacher is trying to teach, let's.  Ajum, if you do For example, there will be a mixer, it grinds the chutney quickly, the taste of the one used to be made by grandmother is fine, but a mixer and washing machine is fine, it is also needed, isn't it a matter of time for all the things, a car, a fast car, public transport.  All your wishes - booking on mobile, saving time, Sugi Zomato, just imagine, if we have only time in life, will Sugi Zomato work? Tell yourself, we would have done everything on the premise of time. This made us.  It will come or keep a maid for dusting also, do that too. If you have time left in your life, then for the sake of economy, as you are listening to this video now, even while listening to this video, people try to do it at 1.5. Don't watch my videos, even if the sound gets louder, you wo n't be able to digest it. You are not going to reach anywhere by saving time here. This is life changing for you but our focus is on saving time everywhere. Always and that focus remains because in reality our time has been stolen a lot. Earlier the pace of life was good but first if you go 100 years ago the economy was not fast and we are sitting comfortably. The gravity is falling and it is being discovered. Today's work is not easy, there is no time, if someone does not have time, then the relationship is not working, there are relationship advisors, there are marital consultants, there is astrology, why what will astrology do, that too for you.  It will help us in utilizing time and energy. We are going everywhere where our time energy can be saved and that is the premise of our time energy, brothers and sisters, because we are stuck in the job only, if there is any genuine work in it.  If it is for four hours and tell us some genuine work, it is a defined work and you come quietly and leave after nine to one. If you are far away, then you don't know what many things you can do personally in life, but this system will collapse.  So that is why your 4 hours are spread over a period of 10 hours. You will come in the morning, there will be a meeting, then there will be a break, then something will happen, then you will be called at 5:00 in the evening when it is time to go, then the work will be given to you. Feedback will be sought at 6:00 pm, then what happened to it, then when you reach home, where will you get the mobile, there is no need of energy, I am not going to come and speak, I am divine, I am biological, but I am this. I am saying that I have my time, there is a lot of time, even after that I get bored, there is so much time and so much work gets done because I don't have to work for anyone else, I have to do it for myself, so future.  Off the jobs is coming out from here only. We will move to gig economy. Gig economy is what we call plumbers, carpenters and electricians. This is gun money. Getting paid on hourly or project basis.  To meet according to the time or to meet according to the work, I came to install these two fans, this much money to install the fans, this much money to install the AC, this much money to clean the AC, this much money to do the plumbing work, the tap was leaking, how much to fix it. Money will become like a doctor taking money for consultation. This will become the nature of jobs and this is where we have to go and prepare ourselves. Those who are thinking to themselves, I will get settled in one job and will get a job.  You, Mijbil, I prove through my webinars workshops that if you pay Rs 60,700, Rs 1 lakh, Rs 5 lakh, Rs 2 lakh, Rs 2 lakh, then the amount increases a lot. Rs 2 lakh is also a very high amount, but a salary of Rs 1.25 lakh is not enough.  This is how you can earn your equivalent money in India. We have reached here and I am proving that in 30 days so many people can earn so much.  That work, this work will get 00,300,500, such people automatically become agreeable and if someone talks like this, then the nature of the jobs will remain the same, this one will go to the economy and that will automatically.  Are set up on a job and will be very measurable in their quality of life Please set up yourself or we have about five years more the moment we cross 4 a half hour  Capita GDP, which is currently at 2400-2500, will cross 4500 and go closer to 5000. All the work will be done like this and the jobbers will cry. Doing the job will be like the work of the poor, which as we say, today we call the poor as gay workers.  They are maids, carpenters and plumbers, they are considered poor, so whoever is in the gig economy will earn more money than the employed girls, tomorrow after 5 years  Would like to marry gig economy people, she herself would be a gig economy worker and that project could be anything, like me, you are writing for something, I will tell you a small thing, you go to a hotel because I have taught you this work.  I have done it, I have also taught you, I am also a foodie, so I ask you a small task. If you go to a good restaurant, if you go to fine dining, then you must have seen the menu there. Something is written in the menu, the name of that dish. Below the name of the dish, those three to four lines are written in English, These are true things cooked in this with this sauce and giving you this, I do these things, I have also taught them that brother, after reading that, people will feel like it, why?  Why should the waiter tell you what is in it? Write it like this. In writing this one, it is cooked over charcoal and deep cooked and done this and softly and that. Not in English but also by artificial intelligence. Maybe I don't enjoy work as much as Guruji would have taught me because I tell you how to feel, that one will be your Lachcha Paratha, about that also Mint Pudina Paratha is cooked in this, those three English lines will be there.  It is always written in such a way that it is a big task to tell him, there is another big task when you open the menu, the dishes should be from expensive to cheap, they should be random, how come the veg should come first.  Where should the non-veg starter be written? How should the dessert be written? How should the rotis be written? The ₹ one should come first. The Rs 80 one should come first. The rice should come first. This is the work of the brain. This is the gig economy and one gets paid for it and this work can be learned. Can and no one is teaching it in any college, is it being taught in any college or university, no no, they teach it, tell me in which school they teach it, they don't teach it in hotel management, I came there also by mistake, there they will teach everything about food.  Put this, do that, and the waiter should come like this, the plate should be hot, in winter, it should look like this, and the cutlery should be kept like this, they teach all the things, but they do not teach many things, these are the brochures printed on real estate, I am in it.  The one who for the first time guided the builders that why do you put these pictures of British people, this product which is beige, till when will you do this, then two builders listened to me and said only Indians, I said why don't real people put up ours, then people with such faces will remain ours.  I have put up photos of those foreigners, your caste racism has not gone yet, that girl must be fair, she must be swimming like this in the swimming pool, you will never see such a girl in the project there, but why are you selling me?  Why don't you sell it like this fat uncle is feeding his grandson with his fat belly and teaching swimming? This is real isn't it because if the second generation does n't get time to take a dip then who will teach these things and even the money for it?  see you  This is gig economy, you get paid, you are following, you are following, advice is practical advice, whatever happens, stay as you are, you are such physically fit people, they are jogging like this, I said, such fit joggers, yes, people will look intimidating.  If I go and say, half of your people don't buy out of fear. Do n't know how many HiFi people will be installed here. People will remain like this only. We Indians are the ones with fat stomachs, strange poor, our looks and jogging.  They are doing it like this and they are not running away from the trade mill. Those who are running away from the trade mill are the tenants, the youngsters, the poor landlord, the one who has earned the money can never do this work, the country itself is like this after destroying the body.  Money is earned whose body is not his money. Okay, so the one who is fit will be the tenant, so I said to the tenants, you have to sell this property, you have to sell the property on rent, then you have to sell the property, then this is me.  I am telling you on the example, what can happen, how far can the consultation go, I am telling you about the economy and the future of job, there is a great need, they would have learned reverse marketing, it is not working anyway, Pralad Kakkar, one of my  You get inspiration from this and learn from it. Well, what works in India, there will be many such things, there are many jobs, I am bringing these things for you people first.  I have also brought, becoming a user is also one of them, take the membership of the channel, learn and withdraw some money, if the school fees of lakhs have taken you nowhere, then by charging fees within Rs 100, they tell me, it will be beneficial or not.  If you join, then before asking for pizza he asks 10 times whether it will be good or not. Before watching Lahaul Singh Jadd, I had asked Aamir Khan whether it will be fun, if he doesn't come, what will happen, don't come again, I am saying, it is fun, people say.  If you are interested then you can take membership. Workshops are currently planned. In the comment section you will see plans on many things. Tell me on which one you want because it is a possibility. The recording of my pre-marital consultation which you can watch is two and a half.  The price of the hour is decent, it's ok, they can buy it, I keep it as expensive as the pizza, people are making money from it, a consultation from a thing worth Rs. 80000  000, you get peace in your soul, what can anyone claim more than this, 30 questions and going on, people's shops are opening because if you prepare for the economy, then in two to three years your shyness and hesitation will break and you will take money from people.  Ask brother, give 00, can I tell you like this? Yes, you get it, you will start getting it gradually. At some point, people are like this too. When is the fan set in astrology? Brother, this is India and I laugh like this, you can do any work without astrology. Guru ji says, we are just giving you money. I said, friend, I mean, I am laughing at this thing.  You need money for everything, but brother, people in India can earn more money like this, this is what I am saying, earn it by doing Shik Shik Shik, I don't show much things, my production quality is not that Shik Shik Shik, so this is  That's why people are me  They say no, you should do education, Akshar Srivastava has done well, Warik has a team, this is it brother, you do not have a team, this is not it, this is why I am teaching you this because do not get intimidated, before this, he is my second.  There was a sofa, it has changed, now you see something else, I am tired of sitting on the sofa, so now I want that wooden chair, not that good one, that proper one, the good one, I sit on this one, and sit on the other side.  Brother, when you started hurting, sitting on the hard sofa is also good, you have to make videos, you have to think, you have to do, so now I have changed the location, I hope you are not missing that sofa, I was missing it because sitting beyond that, no.  It was said, sitting here, initially no sound came out, okay, a lot of people have complimented me on this painting and what a wonderful thing this is, brother, this instrument.  By doing it like this, you will get happiness, peace, prosperity and money like this. Do you know the science? Is there any science behind it? Then these people die. Explain science to them, then physics and chemistry and then the man says, why should I explain it to you? What is the benefit to me? So what is this?  I feel like telling you it is a very soothing thing, it has a lot of design in it and it is a very expensive thing, it is ok and when I bought it, it was very expensive and now it is not available at all, it is of this level of quality.  It's a nice thing and learn to be happy. The most important thing in being happy in life is to understand things as they are, not you know thinking that they should be as per what you like, life will work as per what will happen, how can you get rid of all those things.  You can bring prosperity in your life. Do n't despair. If you don't have a job then it is a good thing for you. You don't need a job. Now tell me. If you are not getting a job then what is the best thing you can do? Teach others how to do a job.  Be Practical Na Be Practical Go In Places Were Nobody Is Going Like I Said How Many People Are Competing To Write Menu Of A Good Hotel Agar Aap Bolo Me I Know I Will Write Aur Woh Khan Market Me Achhe-Achhe Wale Ho Na Delhi Mein Jao Restaurant  This is the soda water bottle seller, this is ours, look at that, what is written about it, ban maska ​​and cutting tea, Iranian tea, this thing, dip in this and that, Parsi.  Something is written in the language, they look like me, brother, this is what I want, this is what I want, this is how, this is also called copywriting, this copyright is not an art in India yet, there are many outside, many people have taught me but.  This dozen works because it works for those who are from outside, now the people of India are different, we are a little different, so we need a local person like me, someone who can teach us, then I will teach you all these things also, I will tell you.  It is okay for people and we will tell you about these things separately. These are all practical things. If you get all this knowledge about small tasks, then this gig economy is the future. Brother, wake up in the morning. People joke, what have you become of Duggal Saheb today?  It's fine with me, Duggal Saheb, today it can be like this, you can take it as per your wish, one by one, each person was teasing me or some acquaintance, you have to earn money.  Like this Bande and earn money in Haryanvi Na Banda means you just say anything and tu to hi hi namaskar I said very good then I said come camera lights action you speak then only released that even he can't bond I said see you bond also  You can't even speak. If someone else has to put you down, then what is there in India? People will come here to put you down. Hey, it's very easy for you, it's very easy for you. Hey, whoever is easy, you too.  Learn it, I have come and told you not to do the easy thing. I have told you to do the hard stop, which picture was that stone broken, mountain broken, do the same thing again for the whole life, so this is why can't you learn easy things because of that.  They will learn all the things which are not being taught and which have value in the market. This data comes again and again on 51 people are only employees.  49 Are not employed force data out Indian education system is bad Education system has to be fixed Why brother, no one can fix the education system, it has to be revised every time because the world is changing so quickly, you learn it here, right, you get education.  If the system is fixed then your competition increases. It is always better. Be practical, the government of the country will get tired. Modi ji is there, Rahul ji is there.  Akhilesh ji, you system is useless, then it is a good thing for you that no one has any education, everyone is talking nonsense, you have learned something right, now you have an advantage and you come and teach the knowledge to the people.  If you say so, then friend, you are a practical man like India's India. Brother, I have only one thing missing in my life, that is time. If India's education system gets fixed in 250 years, then what will we do brother? We are not going to live for 250 years. We have to earn money today. So, please come. Many people have already figured out these things publicly. If these things are told in such detail, then people will get any good thing for free.  Let me tell you that its free work is only useful. If you give a page of newspaper, then you keep it with respect. The smooth paper that comes with it, the free one from Mussoorie, goes in the dustbin because it has no use. You clean it with the newspaper.  You can clean the glass, you can clean the maid fan or even in the trash, it has utility, so whenever you spend Rs, there will be some utility. I hope you guys liked the video, please share it, subscribe the channel.  By pressing join button you can take membership of this channel also and lot of workshops will be planned in the month of August don't miss them please attend whatever is of your use and  Many times people think that it is not of any use to me, like, why pre-marital consultation, I will get married, you will get married, or friend, it is not fate's fate to earn money, they have not even thought like this, yes, you can think like this, it is okay too.  That I should take a knowledge which is of no direct benefit to me but someone else has it and I will earn money from the person who has it. Now that you understand, please post in the comment section what are the things that you would like to learn. Clarity  Would like to give you clarity on further videos, very good response on the channel, aha and it is doing very well, very practical way, only then you will never see my ad, but you will not see an ad, I do not spend a single rupee, organic growth. Word of mouth Ayushmann Khurrana Congratulations 15 crores made 225 crores Follow this model Dhoom Tha will not work 300 crores Budget 275 crores earning  If a loss of Rs 25 crores is okay, then you have to be a little practical in life, you have to have self-confidence and determination. I am telling you that it is possible. Yes, it is possible that without editing, 2000 videos across five channels with 8.3 lakh subscribers and 10 crore plus views are possible.  It is done and I am doing this on my accounts which are of my channel. I have visited all the channels and they have made me another five crore rupees. May they be blessed.  Gaya, that's different and my shorts are going on, that's different, so this is what I'm saying, this is what's going to happen, come in the future and learn, thank you very much