Hello friends, a dating advice I want to give to the boys, main dating means it is not like that of the British but like dating is also done in India these days i.e. boy and girl, roaming around, eating and drinking, hi hello hello boyfriend girlfriend my girlfriend, the advice means about that.  If I am giving it then I am giving it to the boys, girls can also listen, it will be beneficial for them, if the father is listening then tell it to your child also and it is very important, very wrong.  What are they doing and what mistake are they doing and then they cry later boys I tell them what happens is a boy if you are a person who is in the range of 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 you get pocket money  You have a job, you have a scholarship, you have anything, you must be doing something at the age of 22 to 28, okay, that is your actual status, this is yours.  Let's accept the status, this is the proposal, okay, now what happens you start dating a girl, did you meet somewhere, hi hello, gone are the clothes, these days children walk around wearing such a joke, tell me how much money her father has, this is a fact. I am not too judgmental on this matter, whoever wears whatever, it is okay, everyone should wear it. If you can wear it, then it is okay, then I am not being judgmental beyond that, but these children suggest that they know it, right?  Their status is this. Now I am saying this as an example. If your status is to take the girl to Sagar Ratna restaurant then take her only to Sagar Ratna. Do not take her to something higher by investing more money or doing something other than your normal comfort.  It is out of context because it means that you are shy from within. Whenever you are going into a dating relationship, the first thing you should think about is whether it has any future or not.  One night stand is not a job, nor does it mean dating, you have to go, okay, that is a different trivial useless job, so you want whether it is a girl, a woman, a colleague, anyone, and in many cases, you see.  It is said that like my colleague is a girl, she also works in this office, this is also her status, this poor girl, her status is also this but this is a match, I do n't know where he is taking her, now she also says, take me brother, okay.  is showing something Is feeding, giving drink, giving anything, then don't do this. Man or woman should not feel ashamed while bringing a girl into your world and if you are feeling ashamed then it is not a good system if that girl comes into your world.  Once or twice I went to a restaurant with you, said Hi Hello at the level of your friends, Hi Hello at the level of your house, came to know about your colony, which house you live in, where you are, and after that she bit her hand and found out that she was not there.  for you  I came to know from the very beginning, but you are crazy about the dimple on the left cheek, you are crazy about her curly hair, one strand comes here and you live like this, and beyond that, you have spent too much, okay, get it from somewhere and then now  He is smart and all the girls too, now he will tell her, not today, not tomorrow, but the day after tomorrow, how long will you hide, it is like these pictures, one has to think that yes, we were fooling like this, how foolish we have become.  Even if we go, the smell is coming from a little boy, he is wearing good clothes, he is also speaking English well, but by doing this and that of the society, one is behind the other, the system is different, I am not being classist here, here I am among the poor and the rich, I am speaking my brother.  If you go beyond your limits then you will be met with sadness. It is a fact that it happens only in movies that I have to play poor poverty, Papa, I have to go there and then Mithun Chakraborty is dancing below like this, we are also respected and disrespected. We poor people have such a friend, he was in the pictures once upon a time, I thought, today's youngsters do not see that, we had seen that at some time, okay, but is there no such system or not? Whatever you may have, it may be your sense.  Off humor is good, your personality is good, you are a multibagger stock and he is ready to invest money on your horse, it can happen but you tell me which horses belong to which stable, it is necessary to show you, I am not Arabic.  I am of the breed, even if it is not of the Arabian breed, the horses may be good, but your local horses should be there, the local horse also wins, if you get a good jockey, then it wins the race, it is not like that, but you do not need to force it, that is what I am trying to do. Because You Will Set Up For Disruptor Right From The Start And Relationships That Are Built On Deception From The Start And There Is A Requirement For Mass Adjustment Is Where They Fall Apart  There are relationships which later on take place in marriage too. As a marital expert, I am telling you that will always require adjustment. Best of the best. Married as equals. Same family. Everything is fine. Even then there are daily adjustments and conflicts. But brother, when and in that also.  It takes a lot of effort but if you have done all this then it is much more. I am going to teach this very easily to brothers and sisters in a two and a half hour workshop on 30th March. Come and learn. Because my relationship webinar was in great demand, it is the end of the month at the time of financial year ending, but there is no such fee, your fee is like a small pizza, if you are interested, brothers and sisters, write R on the number given below, R is for relationship.  You will be informed about the process of registration. For that workshop, please come. Otherwise, I am sad here. That girl left after breaking my heart, and the girl did not leave after breaking my heart. You have lost my status.  There was something wrong, I invested so much money, then who told me to invest the money, I made you spin so much by using me, what are you going to do with it, you were making it spin only, what do you mean, what investment was it, you will get that too on 15 rupees in mutual fund.  He says, read the offer document carefully before investing, I am teaching you the offer document, read the offer document carefully before investing, we have not read the offer document.  What's the matter these days, everyone is fooling around like this, book a bike somewhere, borrow one, take this, take this, now some ute is coming out, some ute is fine, it is from Haryana, his father is saying this.  That his car was borrowed, he was roaming there with his own cars, he is sitting with so many lakhs of subscribers, so now things come to light later, you know, the lifespan of a lie is not very long, you can fool all the people a few times, you  can flower fu  People all the times, you can't fool all the people all the times, Baba, it is not possible to form these relationships easily and well, it is very important, I am a doctor of relationship, I will explain, I will tell you, personal consultation is very expensive, if I  There is some very rich man and brother, if you want to have a lot of money as it is called, then take it, but it will be 40-50 times more expensive than the fee of this webinar workshop, so attend this, test this.  Try it, okay then why go beyond that, then one on one treatment is done for you, but come here, learn the templates, learn your own behavior patterns, the day we come to know what is our status in the market.  If we go then many issues related to relationships in life get resolved, mostly we both boys and girls are in misunderstanding, the more misunderstanding one has, the more unhappy one is, it is okay and in the long term it is okay when  If you are in misunderstanding in 2425 then it feels like the world is at your feet and something like Rajni dirty world is at your feet, this is the feeling of Rajni dirty world at your feet but as age increases, whether the girl grows or the boy grows, then the boys also grow up. I have also seen here that I will address it for girls because relationships are women for both boys and girls. Don't think that boys have to be given separate knowledge. It is very important for girls because boys. If your parents still get your son married by saying that it's done and the boys have few requirements, the girls are waiting longer and are missing the trains, then if you are 31, 32, 33 years old.  You are also getting older or you are going on that path or you have an elder sister and you are feeling that if I don't love her then how will I be then you must attend this workshop. Subscribe on the number given in the comment section or visible on the hashtag. Beyond that, you will be on WhatsApp only for 2 hours, it will last for two and a half to three hours, queries will also be answered, interesting and good things will be told and it will be told very clearly. It feels so loud to end.  There will be fro and it is all worth it, the fee is ok, you can imagine it will be as much as a small pizza, thank you very much.