Hello friends, today's topic is a very specific formula for decision-making. I am going to tell you a trick in it, the decision making process will become a little easier for you. Whenever you are not able to take a decision in life, an answer is not an answer.  No 16 is for that matter, be it for marriage, for job, for buying a house, for investment, you can write any number of other decisions related to this, but there is something in this.  There is a condition which will be discussed and what is the condition that whenever a decision has to be taken, we can gather whatever information is physically possible related to that decision. If I have done it and there was nothing more which they can know. Get To Know And Still Am Not Able To Take A Decision Answer Is Not To Know What Normal People Make The Mistake That Now  They start asking people They Never Know What Is This How Life Will Throw Things That You End Even in Jobs Who Have Higher Salaries Ever Dare Will Always Be A Situation When There Will Be Complete Guarantee There Will Be No Meditation, There Will Be Falguni, There Will Be No Sounds, Everything Perfectly  It will be crystal clear, if it is so crystal clear then the decision making will happen. Whenever you get stuck, it means that you are afraid of making a mistake in that decision and with the amount of information you have, your mind is not able to process what should I do.  Or if I don't do it, then I am giving a key formula in that, whenever there is such a situation, you should not do it, you may have to regret that thing, but this is your generality, when you think like this.  There will be situations in which you will find no as the best answer because if you are able to take the decision, you are able to take it easily, that is, there is conviction level support, it is all about conviction of all the information thrown at you all very good collect.  Information 10 Does Not Increase There Conviction For Why Every Day The Answer Is Not As Next  PM of people wants to five percent and remains a victim of delay 12345, he is not able to take a decision, that is, he is never able to take a decision in any situation where even normal people will take it. If there is no video for those people, then the video is made for the majority. Army Chief Variation is there in everything so for two percent three percent five percent nobody can make every and video details different case that is different.  You should deal but if you are in normal condition, your normal level to take decisions, your family is above average IQ, you are fine and you have generally also not labeled anyone as a person but you are not able to take a decision in  Some Situation Death You Now We Enter Prepaid Debit The Answer Is Paris Nothing More You Can Do  There are many people who now go for confirmation by C and say that then the decision is taken according to the votes, what do you feel, what do you feel, never ever in life take decision, this is the best wealth and property, this is your conviction.  If you talk to people to improve the things which are depriving you of taking that short ball decision, then it is a different matter as if a girl or a boy has decided to marry a girl.  If there is a job, then you are inquiring about it. Do like it from any of your old acquaintances among the employed people. And the problem is, but it's the decision. If you are appointed under this decision, then this is the flower of your color. What is the Haryanvi word?  Flat Hindi and English tweet that I will you no Ladua new ok I will hang up on you if I went wrong did it get fixed or not thank you very much, my decision was mine, it was an ultimatum.  Write So Don't Want Such Decisions Out Source Information Cross Check Information Cross Check Detail Data And Once Every Thing Is There Weather See Weather You Are Able To Take A Decision So Not Able To Take A Decision Answer Will Be Known Till Cost Of Preparation Time Singh  When even after getting everything they are not able to take it normally, I am the decision makers, your general people know that even the minutes are being cut by this.  Note 4 Me You Can Bypass Skit Next Ok You Can Always Stand Out In Me Too Because Sometimes What Happens In Weddings Is Decision Making You Are Not Able To Understand And You Because Something Deep In Your Subconscious Is Something Wrong Witch  Haven't Been Able to Figure There's Something Not Feeling So You Yes Steve Wire Sometime Servy Subconscious Level of Think That Process House and Feeling  Also clear this something now that Vitamin E wants to put in life may let you release when convention no will be beneficial in 100 days time Select 20% You have been saying yes and no but it's okay long-term decision making process still they are  After no feeling, you will feel a little that for all that you avoid tears in your eyes, thank you