Hello friends, there is a video of Acharya Prashant ji, I watched that video and I felt his knowledge was very good and I want to take that knowledge forward. You see, this is a classical thing, that something is better than those whom you consider your opponent. Come and accept it because even on this channel I say the same thing that BJP, Congress, don't do this, there will be no progress in life, so what is the talk of Acharya Prashant ji? Someone asked him about something, in response to which he told about cricket. Took the example of why India likes cricket, it is said that it is a team sport, but if it was a team sport, then why hockey and football are not liked, why only cricket is liked, because he said a very sweet thing that cricket is the only sport, it is called a team sport. Take it in which one man can win you and 10 people can hide behind him, some bowler comes and he does a good spell and takes six, seven and eight wickets or some batsman comes and he hits a century, double century or on 50 balls. Saran Mar Diya and will make you win. Cricket is the only game where one person can hide the shortcomings of 10 people, whereas hockey and football are not like that. Neither in hockey nor in football, one person can make you win because every second is the development of many people. Cricket  You have seen that one is batting, one is bowling and the rest are fielding. Well, these shows say something about the Indian audience and Indians also that we need a hero that Behind which we should hide, it is a matter of psychology, it is a deep thing, you guys understood it well, you liked it well, you understood it, do you align with it, then please write in the comment section, I align very well with this thing.  That yes, this is the only thing because if you are in individual sports then you know what the situation is, if you are playing badminton, playing table tennis, playing lawn tennis, boxing or doing anything individual. It is you only, whatever you are in it, you cannot hide behind anyone, but in other people too, people want to do well individually, even in cricket, but you can hide, so somewhere there is the psychology of hero workshop, like Gautam Gambhir is one of our batsmen.  Then he became MP, now he got that from MP, now he has got some success in KKR, he also says like it is 2011 World Cup, it is like Dhoni has won because he hit a six in the end whereas in that  Yuvraj Singh had a lot of contribution and other things also contributed a lot, so in a team game, we have the default setting of hero worship in our country, whether he runs after a leader or we run after an actor, it is okay if he runs after someone then it is  One is the psychological problem which I feel is that we like The Very Fact. The Very Fact is that Australia has won so many World Cups of cricket but if you go to their country then only cricket is a popular sport.  There is no hockey and other sports, there is a lot of focus on Rabi etc. and other sports, so he tells about the individual as well as about the country. I hope a little bit, I am feeling the deep video type only, that was his thing to me.  I felt very deeply that Acharya Prashant would have been a very close friend, if his thoughts about marriage and children had been a little different then we would have been friends, but now we are not, so we are not friends, but it does not mean that if something is said good. and it felt good and understood  And if you keep that with him then this is the growth in life, that is your own mental growth that yes brother, I do not believe in these things of yours, I believe in these things, this is what I want my audience to learn through this video that no one  There are different stories in the books, there are different chapters, like there are 50, 50 stories, 40 stories, 30 stories, this is how you come to read a story, if you don't like one, don't throw the book, you will like another one, then you will like something else.  If nothing comes, then it's just because in life, if you do n't like something about a person's aspect, then don't do with him. Nasruddin Shah ji is his political views. If you don't like his political views for some reason, then people like his acting. Look at the acting. Now you can see this.  Why do you say that if I don't like your political views then I will not watch your acting? This is the problem in our country. If you like someone's song and do not like his words, then his song is not good.  Do you want to listen to what he says in life? Polarization has taken place or polarization has taken place. Okay, so we have to separate this thing in the times to come or not, he said it like this, now I will talk about it.  I will not suddenly release you, you will run out of people or run out of you know entertainment or run out of time pass or run out of topics or run out of everything if you live life like this then then you  Will just go to one person, only that person can be anyone and then you will see everything only of that person and your intellect and conscience will not be awakened because according to me a human being can never awaken the intellect and conscience of anyone.  Those who have more bandwidth in life, want to listen to everyone, want to analyze everyone, which is called a proverb in English that let's you know agree to disagree between both.  Of us or anyone like let's agree on this or we will disagree on this and if disagreement is going on then no problem because these days these disagreements seem to be affecting the relationships a lot. I am getting many such cases from you.  Just because not a single person agrees with your views, all or some of the views, if you just stop talking to him, then who will be your devil's advocate? Then I have seen some couples like me.  I have come to couple counseling many times and they say that if the compatibility is very good then one husband is making fun and the wife is also not making fun, there is no one to check her, we will go for driving at night in the mountains, let's enjoy.  So someone is needed, no check, we get along very well, we are both equally stupid, we are driving 1515 hours a day, right now my cases are coming like this in my knowledge.  They are coming in such a way that brother, there is no balance on you, your family is not there behind you, sometimes this happens, sometimes it happens that the wife is a fighter wife, the wife who does not agree with your thoughts is the sweetest good wife of all.  If he says yes to things, then why would you be the one to say no because the one who is not married will now say that what is this, the one who is not married and is busy alone and no one has the courage to interrupt him, why only the courage?  There is a wife among those who have a wife. She can be whoever you want.  Go, as per your wish, the big leader or the wife in life, you may be doing or saying any nonsense, he will come and tell you otherwise, there is no one to interrupt, brother, if you are someone's wife, suppose someone gives such a dialogue that Mahatma Gandhi  Ji, no one knew this without the picture, now no one has the courage to go and tell Ji, you are saying this wrong sir, look at this in 1930, in 40, look at this, by doing this here and here, the United Nations half  Had started the mast when Gandhiji was assigned, only after that he was not the head of the state, he was nobody but still he was a popular leader and unknown face of that time. Everyone knows everything but if someone has a wife then go.  He should tell me what did he say, no one has the courage, I am giving an example, don't make it political but I want to tell you whether it is brother or sister or not married.  Be it a relationship with your sister, or a relationship with your mother, or a relationship with your siblings, or if you are close to someone who has the courage to come and speak, then always whoever is your opponent in life or you are someone's opponent, get to learn something good. So you should learn that is the message, I hope you liked it, share it, like it and no BS from each one, learn learn so that whatever you get is useful, you will get it useful, you and those people who have learned like this.  you are like this now  Can't say that no, I don't like this country, if there is a poet from that country, I won't even read his poem, I don't need to be like this, I mean, are you understanding that no, his ideology is not similar to that of that country, okay now?  We say so much to China and every time Diwali comes, if something comes, we tell it that no, we will not buy girls, rest of us are buying everything, those who buy clothes of Japanese companies, we do this or this.  brand in no amas stool  You will also get the clothes, the company is from Japan but on the other side it is written 'Made in China', so go anywhere you want, there you will see the connection of China, not you, it is a US company, it is a US company, yes, this one is in it.  China is investing, the profit is going to China, today you can do it, I think if I am not wrong, India's maximum trade has been done with China, it has beaten the US.  Please check it, I am not going to bring it by hiding like Dhruv Rathi, so brother, I have to live otherwise someone should speak in this, they are firing bullets at our soldiers on the border, the money is from where those bullets are made. We are giving, this is the problem of today's life, this is the complexity of the whole meaning, it cannot work like this, without making noise, yes, it is a fact that the pill is also being made there, we are also giving the money for that pill and  V  Can't Run Away, no one will discuss on this, no one will discuss that they have kept the monet, they will take the mangalsutra, they will take the buffalo, if anything happens in Galwan in China, then whatever China is going to do, it is the soldier's tank that it is getting. Are we doing Indian trap? It is a matter of thinking, so what not to do. What am I saying? I am just trying to show how much complexity it will create and you are financing it and you have nothing to say. [ __ ], I don't deal with you because there is no choice. Shipments come as per your heart's content, you buy goods to your heart's content, don't take a look, make it in India, if you have to do land reforms then it is very easy to create a ruckus.  And it is very easy to create enmity here that I oppose it but if we find something right from somewhere then we should talk about it. Have I raised the issue right or not? Tell me brothers and sisters, why don't we discuss this?  Why does it not suit anyone to discuss this because if you keep discussing about low IQ then more people will come into the debate because if you talk about high IQ then how many people will be able to influence if I want to increase the subscribers of all the people?  If I have to do 20 lakhs then the more I talk about the low level, the more people will understand and come, and in talking about the low level, if you talk about polarizing whether it is dirty or not, then everyone will come even if only a little. That's why I am saying about high level, I am not getting YouTube1 test and not getting degree, not getting certificate. Dozen means the quality is not high. If you people discuss high quality content and such issues which no one is discussing. I am not saying that my take on every issue is final, it is a very good take or my ideology is very good or my thinking is very good but I am saying this at least for the sake of teasing the topic. for you that  To make you think, you have to praise. If you want to praise, you can do so openly in the comment section. If you want to criticize, please don't. Many people say, don't even criticize, no, do n't criticize.  Brother, you don't want to criticize, if you want to praise then do it because there is criticism, that's why I am saying that criticism is not necessary, come and check, if you do n't like it then don't eat, it's okay, but I am saying that every person like me is very appreciative of Acharya Prashant ji.  I have made videos against them, mine is different from their ideology, I am a person of family and family man, marriage and children and you know that but if you agree on many other things then you should say please share it, thank you Yuri.