Hello friends, young mothers should note this mistake in their grooming, that is, I will tell you about one of the things which is a big mistake, you should not make this mistake, correct it and see its effect, no one is going to tell you, there are many reasons for that too. What is the mistake? Are his boys 20 or early 30? They are bearded and he is of Virat Kohli type because he follows icons and he is like this.  They keep cutting, meaning that beard is not like that because Baba Ji's beard is also like this in the street and Baba Ji, no no, it is some kind of sexy beard, from here it is cut, it means if it takes four-five minutes to do it normally. So it takes much more time and money to maintain it but still the war mother is doing this. Don't do this. Shahrukh Khan will definitely have to keep a beard because brother, that loose screen is there to read the story.  If asked, he will stick it to his beard, you will see this in many movies, but he also looks like a youth icon, other actors are also seen doing it, Kabir Singh was also copied, so this trade has been made, but now I am the latest test.  I am telling you the latest test and I am telling you like this, I understand girls, I am telling you that you understand everything, what is good for many people in your screen, what about some people, some acne is acne.  There is cutwork, he wants to hide that too, oh from that and that disease will spread and will be invisible and there will be irritation and there will be issues, whatever is yours, you come clean and you will see its magic happening in 60 days, if you have this wrong back fire debt which will do.  No, it's okay, you bill you look, many people say that you look a bit old, they also want your mouth to be scrunched up, not to be conscious at all, this is something that you are wasting great amount of time in energy and  Those parents who are listening and whose sons are working, brother, tell them, remove them, now I am going to launch too many astrology channels and a few in both, I will explain it to you better, those who want to understand there, but still there are many.  Things happen after doing too much of them, struggle, frustration, bitterness, not getting work done and all this check, this is a lot of your energy, this beard that you have kept is taking away, now there will be a little bit of it, now someone 's pulse in it, that pulse sack beard.  In  One gray hair has gone, someone has become something like this, then they have to trim it, then it is taking away all the energy and I am telling you, even your girls are not getting attracted to it, I am also telling you, and neither are you great sexy.  There is a psychological reason in forcefully showing masculinity that the story and program may be spoiled. You are feeling it or it is subconscious. You do not need to show this. This is the latest think because of the reason. What is the reason? You go to a bank. Those who go to any event, all the youngsters are all alike, you are not singing any different, just see today in the boys young and those who look like sarees, they all have the same hair style, don't do too much, Ketu will also be translated now I  But I am not going to tell it in detail, but with a little bit of poverty, there is poverty in cutting the whole thing, I finished my work till the time I woke up in the morning, did not put any mind to it, now this is my one like this, mine is like this, try it for 60 days.  If it doesn't make any difference then please tell me, I have to give clarity to the bill follow me device, there is no imposition, I have to give a clarity that yes brother, it is very open in many things, why am I not told a little and Tell me 10000 reasons for this, I am from where I am, try it, it is a family farm, it will not happen again, if you gave a beard to a cat, it will never come again, I have caused harm, it is not like this, just look at the cat once for a month or two.  Enjoy the look, after that you can see how people are now, not that, I have applied it on my passport as well, I have applied it on my betel leaf as well, my religion is also applied everywhere, so I just have to maintain it, don't cat, lo cat.  Take this D message and see that when you are getting selected, we have to sit like us in the interviews, there is a lot of analysis behind it, the man who is mine has to suck all your energy and I know that your energy is going in maintaining it.  How many  I am also going, I am going, you are too mean, you are doing that, when did men start focusing on luxury like women, I don't understand, I am going too much towards vanity, it is a man 's job to note and wish.  It is not a man's job to desire money to force himself to look great by doing different styles and it doesn't look bad to cut the beard anyway but these people have involved themselves so much in it and do n't know what else he or she is someone like me.  one this one and this one Brother, it is being said that you are a model in the film, it is a compulsion, some director has said that the demand of the character is different, it may be someone's matter on the basis of caste, I go into the profession, money is useful but if you  There is no money from this beard of ours, which is not the most of our youth. What money is there from our beard? If you cut it like this, then please tell me that you should also clean it and if it is not there in 60 days, then what?  You can subscribe to the channel, you can only say so much on YouTube and can you change my name, I will change my name, it is not practical, no one is going to do it, so brother, by keeping so much of your meaning at stake, because  For a YouTube, the number of subscribers is the most important thing for them to become my subscribers, so I am giving ad-de-cost advice but wait for 60 days, do it daily and then see.  Positive effect will be visible in everything. Meaning will be visible in health also. It will be visible in relationship also. It will be visible in job also. The way you are will be visible in flowers too, so will people look at your wife. There will be a difference in everything and you will feel it yourself. Is it so?  You yourself will feel that this was a very good advice, why not earlier? Please follow me and change your DP. Then whoever else will follow me please comment in the comment area. Write that yes, we have already told you, so just follow Guruji because there cannot be much harm in this, it is home farming, it will come again but follow and give feedback. Thank you very much.