Hello friends, today I want to give very important clarity to the youth because I have a lot of attention in the comment section and on social media in general, especially The Young Indian Man. Today Guruji is going to tell you so openly without any shyness that your eyes will open.  Will go because these people say very casually, this is the thing that I am going to tell you, brother, Guruji, when milk is available in the market, then what is the need to raise it? ContextLoaderListener They thought that children should do like this, we should get married like this, there is such benefit, they will come and say something so obscene, naughty, vulgar and something and the other person will be shocked and since he will not be able to answer, then they feel that their belief system is there.  It's okay and it's going well, so listen today brother, Nish has come to kill someone. Will someone come to marry the married people? You have made it like this, brother, why should one get married? Girls like this, go to Bangkok, go to Bangkok, go here, do this, do that, brother, listen carefully, sex in India is obtained from two colors, Guruji will tell you now, remember the two colors, sex in India is two colors, one is yellow and the other is Haldi ceremony is done by blackening the hands. Get the marriage done by blackening the hands. Do this or do it by blackening the face. It is your choice. It is very unfortunate that people are very excited about it. It has to be done by blackening the face whereas I  Feeling pale hands is very nice because of culture, religion, institution, marriage, no, you are not afraid of AIDS, because you people know condoms, right, and you know what safe sex is, you have researched on gonorrhea, you have done research on bacteria. And the terrible diseases should be enumerated, photos should be shown with sex workers, age should be told, an astrological thing should be told, they need healing, elders go, those who tell Ram Katha also go. Very good spiritual people also go to do this, but when that aura comes to you with them, that mirage also comes to you, have you ever felt it because I have this knowledge to a very high level, there is this very tree of knowledge inside me. Well, it's okay and maybe this is one of two videos again, which I don't want to show more for whatever reason. It's okay, sometimes this happens. Have you ever seen that there was a boss, a rich man, a boss, an influential, powerful person.  If a girl is sexually harassing a woman, whether she is married or unmarried, then from inside he is doing all this work because his lust is awakening, that is why he is doing this or that thing. So, sometimes a question came to my mind because a question came to my mind.  I did research, I did it practically, I went and asked people, I went to people who used to do this and also asked them, think about this level of research, why don't you do paid sex, why are you teasing me? To someone, because you know that there is more risk in paid sex, if you don't want it, then I am teaching this to you, who go away after saying such things, saying, Guruji, this person has slept with so many kinds of People Criminals Pedophiles Psychos He and this guy understand more about all these things that they do And I had this thinking and knowledge but then I was surprised that they also know this  The thing is, don't go here, they think that this hunting is okay, speaking all these words, taking examples like this, it disturbs me a little, but it does the same to me, but no one like me talks like this.  No one teaches, but to teach, someone will have to come, some crazy person will appear from above, youth youth youth youth fools, who is teaching you, who is teaching you, you have learned something from each other. Throwed it away, no one could answer you, you don't want to be misbehaved, you want to spread diseases, you want to make your scandals, you want to get your MMS done, what do you want, in what wrong place do you want to get trapped and on what basis because you can't.  Handle Other Things You Can't Handle Independent Women You Can't Handle The Fact That Women Are Becoming Powerful Mentally Physically Emotionally Financially Because You Are Used  To see the mother generation, the previous generation which was not that much, was very dependent on men and was in a way a financial slave on men, did not have a mind of its own, I have discussed these things in great detail in my Happiness Course 2.0 which will be started by me.  And let me explain that even if you are not a youth, you have to give clarity and mentorship, you have to become a consultant because of happiness.  Why is it not only to make you happy? It is to make you a consultant so that you can earn money and you can teach people and not for free. Not only to the misguided youth, but to the one who will come on his own, will bow his head and say 'namaste'.  Please help us, we are in trouble, there is no one to teach us because our parents only scold us, no parents have any logic.  For what reason should the children not do this, just don't do it, we have told them, oh we have told them not to do this, this youth will not understand, this youth will understand with this language, will understand with this logic, because when they throw logic, those people which I have given as an example.  This big show stop can also be a very good video, it can also be viral type, I really don't know where it will go, or it can also be pushed like a sparkler, it was very good, the more I saw, the more I really  Don't know I really don't know whether it is necessary to show this thing to everyone or not necessary but telling this thing is too big, just like Arnav Goswami says India needs to know wearing a tie and glasses, so I too wear a tie and glasses like India.  Needs to Discuss India Needs to Know Will you share this video or will you be ashamed, ashamed, ashamed, what have you done, these diseases are filled with frustrated mind set  I am roaming around and come and speak like this, I am a marital consultant of India's top lady, in marriage you will get more in this three letter word which starts with S, ends with Why Won't You Get More This in a Misbehavior Tell You Ever a Misbehavior Teaches You True Things But I've Had to Come Out  Because I was seeing this and that, what happens to me, it seems to weigh heavily on me, when I bring content, then I keep quiet, a comment has come and you ignore it, but they feel that if retaliatory action is not taken.  This was Guru ji's counter attack on the people who think that you are smart brother, no you are not smart, you are not smart, what are you, why are you a professor at the place where I left you after becoming a principal so many years ago.  You are not even a professor right now, you are probably just a student and you think that you are a professor and nothing else, neither do you have a job nor do you have a partner nor do you have the power to attract, so I have this character of loose talk.  This is all about making associations, talking nonsense, defaming a gender, because if you had something, you would say, girls are doing like this, she is like this, so who are she doing it with, she is doing it only with boys.  Who is it  They are rich people like this, so you become rich, no, no, how will I become, I ca n't become one, I can only cry, you become attractive, I'll be teaching these people have got it, what women want, I know what they give Want, now tell me that right here, no no no brother, free key, free key, free key is not respected that much, this one may not be for you people but I will tell that in Happiness Course 2.0 itself, it is very iconic and Telling the knowledge that will not be found anywhere is knowledge itself. Telling those things which have not been known anywhere, neither written nor spoken nor thought. Such things can also happen because we are used to eating. I have written those things.  I will tell you what is not written anywhere, what will be written, you listen, you write, all the things cannot be like this, okay, I do n't even think like this, Khan, ask me about anything, why this is written, brother, nothing can be like this, which is not written anywhere.  It is not written somewhere yet  There must be an origin, all these things have been written, all the things have been written, then now there is no need to think anything, if you are in life, then this was the message. Those who want to register for Happiness Course 2 can click here. Starting in November end, you will know h2 on the number given below, you can whatsapp2 500 only, five classes of two hours each over period of one and half two months weekly class doubt sessions  We will also clear you how to monetize that thing, it will also be told how to become a consultant and what are its values, it will be a very beneficial thing and this thing will be explained well in it, don't miss it because later you will get recording to join directly live.  The fun is different, watch the match later. What is the fun in recording? It is more fun to watch the live match while sitting in the stadium. Okay, so it will be a live thing, there is a chance. Do h2 in the context of what is your gender and what is your age?  Because if there is clarity then you will get clarity of life and happiness will come from it and then you will give it to others thank you very much.