Hello friends, this is a new story and narrative to explain to those who work in the knowledge base economy, those who are very educated, wear a tie, a coat, a tight court, wear nice pointed shoes and go to jail like this.  By wearing hair and beard like this, this crowd of people are writing that these people are earning so much money or yes it is going, everything is nonsense, they are writing like this and we are in real jobs and we are  So I want to give clarity on this, first of all I want to tell everyone that earlier 2 years ago, momo sellers used to say that momo seller has earned more money, momos are fine, vada pav seller and this vada pav girl and  We tried this way and saw that by doing this job you can become good and these people also did a lot and many videos were made of these people too, we earn so much, no one earns as much as they said there and the hard work is very much.  The same thing I want to tell you here is that not only is it a mistake, it is also the mistake of the tubers and also the mistake of those who earn by doing this, that if you consider their jobs which are like yours like ours, very  It's okay to shame and if we sing our praises too much then we will get angry. Okay, it is a fact but I am telling you what is happening here who are coming like us and saying that we are survival survivors and our channel is still running.  Many people have opened survivor ships. Bias is visible. Whoever comes and listens to the story, you only get to hear the success story. People do more jobs in jobs. I absolutely respect the people in jobs. I always say in the videos that job is important, but  I say that it is not necessary to do a job for 30-35 years but it is necessary for 5 years, 10 years, 15, 20, 42 years, I say that it is a compulsion to do a job, do not leave it so soon.  All these domains in which we operate like us are simple but not easy. If it was so easy then everyone would have done it and here also there are many cunning people who do not add value and spend their time doing something else. These are like sparklers, they will burn like sparklers, you must have seen that even big creators have their time, they reach their peak at one point of time, then they stop adding value and the shop gets closed.  Just like the one with Flying Beast, we saw that there was a very peak time, it was Nikhil, someone used to start by doing bikers, there was success even Mr. What is the name of Sandeep Maheshwari, he also does n't listen to you much, in between he had a spat with Vivek.  Bindra ji, Vivek Bindra ji, everyone's peak is hit. Here, there are very few people who keep walking quietly. Well, people like us also think that we do n't know how long there is oil in the lamp, how long will it last, so that is a feeling. Yes, there is also a feeling that If silently you keep adding value, Bande Bane Nahi Toh (which is a word of Haryana) and don't do much like this, and silently keep touching genuine things in the lives of people, remain relevant, keep changing, then yes, the shop will keep running, this is also a fact. But still brother, we are doing this work, no marriage can be done by doing it like this, earlier Holi was about marriage purification, now we are doing this work, otherwise by doing it like this, one does not get respect in the society at all when it is zero.  You start with subscribers, there should be some business, after that do this, do this with them, towards this, I want to do this at some point of time in this month, how to become a user and how to open your own, I want to do a workshop. If you people are interested in it, then send me a message on whatsapp-web on given number. If you want to come in this way, then do so and mostly those people who are doing something in life and are sitting there should definitely do so.  I think that if I do blogging only from here, then you can let it be. You mean me, I do not want anyone below 25 years of age to come to this workshop. If you want to pay money, there will be a small fee, not more than a very small pizza, half a pizza.  It will be less but if you want to come then come but I am saying that if you have some work then it is very good. If you know something then it is okay if you are above 25 years of age, if you are a woman, a man, a housewife, a most welcome teacher.  You are a lawyer, a chartered accountant, a professional, a doctor of any kind, an architect, you are anything, you are okay, you are working in a corporate too, you are a businessman, you are a dietician, you are a nutritionist, you are anything, you are a yoga teacher, this is one because you have seen one.  Does not run any ads, does not support anything, no animations, nothing external, no expenses, no water, only you can start if there is nothing else beyond the way I will teach you, that's all It will be completed within one and a half to two hours, so if it is there, then let us discuss further on this thing, why it comes from within, because it comes from within because you worked very hard in your studies, prepared a lot for the competition, now you Tell me one thing, taking the example of a girl, let me tell you, she is a girl, she went to school quietly, studied well, took out competitions, worked hard, was focused, went to college well, this one went, then she went to some job in a tank, there the soul is sucked, every job is  I saw that case of Late CA Buston Anna, we heard about other such cases also, SDFC Apple died there. If you earn more money by doing so much Rath Saptami, then brother, you will definitely be jealous and that jealous person has to tell the fools that brother, you have spent this month.  Tell me how much was it last month and do you know the next one and what is your average of 12 months and do you know whether it will run further, it will come and tick at the peak rate, was there anything earlier? Now even those have stopped, if some thing goes viral, then they do it and everyone thinks that it belongs to everyone, like in IIT, not everyone gets a package of one crore, it is only the one with the headline that the average comes out to be ₹.  This is the news of IIT that people are not getting placed even after paying lakhs and 25 rupees, so the truth of it is that it is not so profitable but it is definitely not so bad that nothing should be tried at all. It is important to learn and understand for a person who is on.  The Other Side Because I Am Also Into This Knowledge Based Earning System Ok So Please Come And Learn Is My This Thing And Getting Irritated Will Not Help Some Stage Of Time You Will Have To Plan Your Exit From The Job Exit Plan From The Job  So you will have to do a job, this is a necessary skill because everyone writes that if everyone does their work then who will do the job? Hey brother, not everyone can do their work, not all the time.  You can do it, but if you do it after a stage, then it is beneficial, otherwise, we should do business. Business is not one thing, one's own work is one thing, job is one thing, business is Papa's business, someone else 's business, shop, manufacturing is one thing. You can call your work self- employed or you have employed two or four people, you have employed five people, you are creating something, then to get those things on the side, you need hard work as well as patience, before that both you need learning.  That  Isn't it easy to leave the job, I will leave the job and become a user and then what is my monthly earning ₹1 33 and then I will lose from there and then I will be of no use now I will go to the job again as a loser and then  I will think like this, how to do it, what to do, how to earn, how to approach, I will tell you that, I am saying it again and again, it is very simple, it is not easy, like becoming thin is very simple, eat less.  Eat more exercise, maintain a calorie deficit. As soon as the calorie deficit comes to 3500 calories, half kg will start losing 1 kg in 7000 calorie deficit. Reduce 2 kg in a month. You can lose 20 kg in 10 months and you will have to walk.  We have to exercise, we have to create calorie deficit, we have to eat, it is a very simple thing, but brothers and sisters, it is not easy, no, not easy, not easy.  Okay, so that's it, but once someone tells me the method, tell me something like this, what is this system, will it work with only 5000 views, is 10000 subscribers too many, can work be done with only a thousand?  So we have to understand these things, I am saying this, do not hate other kind, don't be jealous, always come and see how green the grass is, how much ghee is visible in others' plate, how much.  Exactly Ghee, come and see and understand and who has refused, the country is independent, India is an independent country, anyone can do anything within the law and all these things which the whole world is doing, you also come and do it. Most welcome why do you have to.  No no, ours are the real jobs, these people, this is not a real job, money is money, hard work seems complete, hard work seems complete, working for someone else for the goals of others.  It is better to work for yourself than to work for targets. This is a very important thing in working for yourself. When to give yourself time off, when to give it, because I will tell you the difference between you and me.  If I tell you that you are employed, then I will get jealous. This is what I was teaching you: Don't be jealous. Sorry, let's change it again. People who do their own work or do freelance work, they wake up in the morning and you are employed.  where do you want to go in the morning  When an employee wakes up in the morning he thinks, this one who does his own work is right, I am not my example and don't look at me, I wear glasses so that my eyesight will not be visible, it is okay that these people wake up in the morning and do their own work.  We work and wake up in the morning and say what will I do today, what will I do today, today I will do this, well, I will also do this, today I will do this, the employed person wakes up in the morning and thinks what will happen to me, got a lot of pain and pain, troll is not doing the pain. this is the one with the job  I wonder what will happen to me, I will be jealous in the presentation, my boss will give me a poor target, if I go out, I will get stuck in a traffic jam, the person doing his work does not leave at 9:00, he knows that there is a huge traffic jam outside, he will leave at 10:30. Then he does not come in 530, he lives somewhere in a different system, many of them do some work in the house itself, many of them press the mattress while sitting here, the family members.  Saying, change the sofa, you will have to change it, even such a good one is pressed, sitting, sitting, coming like this, it becomes such a pain, while making the video, Bhai Saheb used to say like this, friend, we also have to go somewhere outside, meaning  I started having pain. Literally I am telling you, go out and roam somewhere. What does that employee do? The employee says, 'Hi, what will happen to me, he doesn't know, so can you tell me what will happen to me in life?'  what will i do i want to go  Brothers and sisters, you will have to join, you will have to enjoy, you will have to take membership of this channel, very good things have already been uploaded, the videos are there for you, this is a journey from here to here, it is okay, it is very simple but not easy, okay, no one will ever say.  Leave a job like this, the job is dirty, the job is a necessary evil, it is something which you have to go through, but then it is  Friend, you have completed 20 years. Brother, if you have not got freedom from job even in 20 years, then you are not going to get it again because you will have to be ready to play second innings. Here you cannot just walk like this, all the intelligent people who  I have seen that they leave in seven years, there are average people who leave in 12, 14, 15 years, all leave in 20, they are also average, they are absolutely gun cases.  They are those who are not able to leave and will feel bad if they look like you are not VP and AVP, sorry VP and some CFO or CTO, then it is a different matter, however, they too should be left. Otherwise wise, in corporate, you will be retired in 45 years, you should be careful.  Look, you will not see old people with white clothes, one half of them is senior to you, you will see five people of one count in the office, otherwise you are 45 years old and you can retire.  You will be given how black should you make your hair, how much botox should you apply, how beautiful should you look, how slim should you become, how fit should you become, if you are more than 45 years of age, if you do not have an IIT-IM pedigree, a good degree from outside or a good degree of your own. As some people say, if you are not of blue blood Linnaeus, you will be fired from the job because in the salary you are drawing at the age of 45, three new boys and one girl will be hired, each of whom will have a different salary and their full salary will be Rs. Mocambo are ready, O Mocambo doers, if you find them, O Mocambo doers, fire one of mine, you are getting three, so many arrows in the pumpkin, no one is doing very routine work, it is not at all like those rockets of Elon Musk  He had gone up, he took back such work and there is a lot of attrition where these works are being done, there is also a lot of attrition because it will be such that they will say that thinking at the top of the corporate which is my  The idea is, this is my own opinion, that friend, if you have not burnt out yet, then you are not worth anything, you are the same, I will not use the word, it is ' Khor Khor Karke', it starts with 'H'. And when the thief comes, it is you because you have not sucked because if you have worked in a corporate for 15-20 years and you are still ready to do the job, then brother, you are not that capable person because if you  Genuine would have been a good player because that's why I have said it, Sir, to survive, work at Rs 70. Many of my videos are very appreciated because after going to Rs 100, he will say, accelerator and accelerator, now you don't even have that leave.  If you have then work 70% always but that thing will be caught someday then all of you who are listening to me start thinking of your I will not use the word retirement.  Because these other creators are my favorite Ankur Warku ji, they keep preparing everyone, do SIP for retirement, do SIP, this much will be done in one year, expenses become this and at the end of 4, then do withdrawal brother, this is not how money will last for 80 years.  You will have to earn what is good at the moment from you, I will earn for 80 years, all your calculations are lost, you will have to keep doing something or the other. Life is boring to stay relevant. If you sit like this even for a month, winter will come. Go to Goa. You cannot stay for more than 10 days. Moong dal and then that tea from home with ginger and all that. Can't stay there. And that sea is there, isn't it?  It is also feeling a bit cool because the sea feels very hot right now, that too will get cooked, it is nothing, there is a lot of boredom, look at the mountains or look at this, they look good only when you live in a place where you can see far away.  To  If you don't get it then you get to see far away, it feels good but there is no taste in staying there, try this, you will not be able to stay for more than 10 days, I have tried it many times. Hotel is a good hotel, the best luxury, all brother, I  I will read a book like this, I will make a video, I don't even feel like making a video, the truth of this life is the fun, this is the fun, it is not the fun, I have tried it all, I am inviting you also, try it and you will go to do it, right?  so what's the problem  If you go there, you will spend so much money and the salary of the job is not that much and after spending the money there, if you do not enjoy further, then learn to be a creator and producer because anyone who produces anything is the one making money who has his own platform. You are working for someone else, there is only one problem in this game, brother, you have learned it, where will the customers come from, why do you work in your company, because why should the doctor go to someone?  He works in a hospital because the patient comes there on his own, he gets money, he does not have to search for the patient, but there are many people who are hunters in the forest, it is okay, they have also opened their own, they come forward on their own, I am giving an example. People are not calling doctors hunters. Our society has become very touchy and the sense of humor has diminished so much that the edge creator feels very scared that if he tells someone, the only problem is that he will treat you like a circus.  I have to live like a lion, I need a ring master who will whip me and in the afternoon I will get a good lunch and I will make the audience happy. By showing my duty, if the target is achieved, if you do n't get food, then you get a whip and then you will get food the next day. Government zoo people.  These are the lions of the zoo, they are exactly like this and you are getting three times there, you don't have to perform anything, you just have to sit, people will come and watch, the public will come and do something, even small children throw stones, it makes the big heart cry.  I said to the younger ones, why are you killing me, it is a lion, it is not afraid of a lion, the most fun is the lion of the jungles of Africa, which wakes up in the morning, what to do today, what will you become today, Duggal Saheb, what will you become today?  The deer is in a mood today like a wild animal, I mean, I am telling you as an example, here too, people do veg and non-veg, these days in India, we have become very cool, make anything, people will hold anything and write anything as per the sentiment.  What the poet is trying to say is understand that there is no choice for all of you but to get in to knowledge based income and there is a lot of C. If I get into acting then it is not necessary to become Shahrukh Khan. If you are going into cricket then it is necessary.  No, you have to become Virat Kohli, the work can be done even with Manoj, Pankaj Tripati also earns well and there are smaller actors than him, Manoj Pahwa is fine who came recently.  He became a negotiator, which hijacker is there, there are people who survive with little bit roles, little bit acting, that's enough and it is more long lasting, big top stars came and went and disappeared, meaning something, who were they?  There was Imran Khan who was with him, his Amir Khan's Amir Khan himself, if it is okay then it may mean that you may not last that long or you may not be able to reach that level, it is not necessary that you are for the Indian cricket team.  Play, even if you play for the Ranji team, even if you play two-four matches of IPL, you will spend your life coaching and watching many children. You don't have to become the best baker in the town and the best singer.  Lata Mangeshkar ji and Kishore De have to be followed a little, okay sing a good song, sing in the wedding, it is okay for you in Jadugar me woh sarkar jo hai who hai PC sarkar beat them a little  You have to learn so much magic that you can get 5000 rupees in the birthday party, you have done a children's show, you have arranged for a gift show, that also works, the problem is that if you say something, if you want to do magic, then PC Sarkar, if you want to play cricket, then Virat.  Kohli, if you want to act, then Shahrukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan do it like this, people, brother, work is going on here, I am teaching you, here you don't have to become that, top carry, become Minati, that too does not work for you, you also have Bhoom Maan.  You see, the shops are closed, everyone's is closed, you keep driving comfortably here, your Alt is slow, at a speed of 60, the mileage is going 24, the best car in the mountains is Alt, if the other vehicles struggle a lot.  Big and big and I have seen Alto in big mountains, it went like this, it went like this, its street Alto is coming out, the lowest CC but brother, that car is also light, two or four people are sitting lightly, pressed down.  She is moving up, I will not spoil the rest of my vehicles, she is struggling to climb up there, so I hope you understand the essence of this message Lincoln, don't put down people like us and people like us also have many mistakes which  He is very crazy, he keeps showing some of his income and that to me again and again, because he is our master, he is our leader, he is the same, Ankur Wari, he will tell me all his income, I have done this, I have Don't tell me that I have done this, I have done that, not everyone is lucky enough to be able to do business even for less than that, so if I don't do business, if I don't do this, then everyone will come like this, I have failed in my business.  Went here, failed here, failed here, failed here, then the lost gamblers are gathered here, there will be such a feeling, then they teach how to gamble, although that is true, the lost gamblers understand the game well.  This is also a fact, it is okay, the one who gets divorced does not know how to avoid divorce, it is okay, but the fact is, learn things in life, learn the other side too, if you understand, then do as much as you understand.  If you do n't understand then leave it, everything can't be done for everyone, everyone can't do everything and by bad mouthing someone else, you will get nowhere by criticizing. I always say one thing, brother, do you enjoy criticizing a lot? I  I also criticize. It is a lot of fun, but I realize that I cannot do it full time. It is fun because you do not reach anywhere. I am not going to reach anywhere by criticizing anyone, Ankur Warku ji.  You know that I am not going to reach you, I have a feeling, yes, why do you take names while doing this, hey, I do it to add subscribers, oh you have fallen a lot in our eyes, that is why you do it for your views, yes, then kiss.  make videos for  You have fallen a lot, okay, this is how you take names, you should not take from those below you, you should take from those above you, the day my subscribers become more than them, I will stop taking names, oh this is what you have done to yourself. Dropped yes [ __ ] in my eyes, dropped it many times, that's why it has to be called because of someone, if someone is setting a template, that template is messed up, it is made of pied paper, then you have to tell me whether it is a rat or a pied paper.  What is it, I have to tell who is taking the food because inside I feel that when will this cook stop ringing the bell, okay no problem, okay then please write in the comment section Like Share Want to subscribe to the channel Subscribe  Let's try to learn everything by being a sponge. Yes, I agree. Ankur ji and we get to learn a lot from him too, but we can learn it once in four hours because the whole game is based on SIP and mistake.  There are 20 ways beyond that, you will have to learn that too, so share, like, thank you much.