Sir, I had asked one thing, let's take an example from the middle class. There is a 25 year old middle class boy, starting out his career, what advice do you have for him, from relationship perspective, that his life should be sorted and  And relationships are essentially the two major problems in life and if the rest of the problems arise, they germinate from there.  From there it starts, so what are your advice to us? The first advice is that a 25 year old middle class child is not even starting out in his career today because he does not know what career he wants and what career he wants.  It is seen that lower class people are also starting with the same career, so in lower class, if the father was earning only Rs 253 and the child is starting with Rs 40000, then that is the reason.  There is celebration in that household but if in middle class the father is earning two and a half to three lakh rupees and the child is starting a startup at the age of 35 and 4, then that is not a cause of celebration. The result is that many middle class children do not even start.  They are saying that we will do something great because the child who is roaming around with a mobile phone worth 50 60 70 8 thousand one lakh in his hand is equal to two months' salary.  The phone that is available i.e. 35 4 Hajj means he will not do that means the money that he has, he can buy half of the phone, he can only not buy the whole phone, so this, this, this, this, whatever is the problem, this is the problem, we have this problem, we have  We have to address that first of all we have to tell the middle class children that whatever so- called career you are getting, start it because if you do not start at the age of 35-40, then it will never happen.  If you don't reach 50, 60, 70 and keep waiting, then first of all, instead of giving some great financial tip, instead of giving some other advice, first of all, don't feel entitled in this world that we should get this much because father.  This is the biggest thing, after that one should focus more on upskilling in the beginning instead of investing because if there is a SIP of Rs 10000 then it will beat the SIP of Rs 1 lakh.  You can't start it whenever you want, everyone tells stories, the most important thing is the quantity of money you have, what will you save in the salary of Rs. 0000 in the beginning, you will be able to survive with difficulty, that's fine but your focus should be on that, that I can make my  How to increase earnings, how to develop skills now, how to learn new things and as far as relationship advice is concerned, the advice for relationship is to keep all these at the same starting point.  Point of time is also an advice for any good girl of opposite gender, she should go and get selected for the boy and get married. Many people think that if my level is this then I will get a girl of this level because it is normal to get it according to the level.  So if I increase my level then I will get this level, do not be greedy because this is your level, it will take time for this to happen and along with time, time also has a value.  You will not look as young and energetic eligible as you look here. It plays out more true in the case of females. The desirability question of females is at 24 years, 25 years. That of females reduces at 28, 29 and below at 32.  It goes and from 25 to 32, she has reached the upper level but now boys are not found at that level because those boys are the first to book.  Yes, it is our status, which people feel bad in saying, but people should be very situational aware of the situation, what am I, where am I coming from, what are my parents, what is my status and its  According to me, I am finding someone suitable for the opposite gender to partner me for a relationship, so I should take it. Don't wait too long here, I will make my salary Rs 1.5 lakh.  And then I don't know what I will get, this is the biggest advice, every buddy is wanting some dream girl and dream boy that brother, whether that girl or boy comes, Chaka Majesh will be fun in my life, that is not going to happen, you cannot think this.  No, I do n't want a rich father-in-law to take me out of my poverty. You are not going to get that rich father-in-law because you are not going to become worthy of a rich father-in-law's daughter so soon. No one is explaining this so openly.  At this age, they are just getting callous calls; tell them, brother, look at your face in the mirror every day, check your pack balance, check your status and correspondingly, now your level is also increasing, then the satisfaction rate of this girl will be very high.  Friend, I married him and the level is increasing, so its enjoyment factor has increased. Respect for your husband, you went from here to here, you were here, you went till here, your own tie tie.  Fish is enough, now you got the girl here, now you got this girl because your level was here, now your level will not go from here to here and it is possible that due to economic condition it may come here also, as soon as she comes from here to here, she will be dissatisfied.  Once it starts, there will be trouble in the relationship, whereas you had got married at this level, you had gone here, now you have come here from here, then this girl who was at this level, after getting married here, she is still satisfied because her  Corresponding level is better, he married you when you did not even have a house, now you have a house and a car, so if the car is not bigger or a bigger house is not taken, then it was already better.  If the situation is fine, then this is the relationship advice - brother, reduce your tantrums and take care of yourself on time, this is the message.