Hello friends, there is a very important clarity of real estate for the youth which will be very useful in decision making. If you want to buy real estate and you are in your late 20s and early 30s, because beyond that, their decision making has become the most liked.  Is this regarding buying something in a city where in your office is at a larger than a product that comes in your budget by doing it the other way around  Let me tell you that the office you want to buy nearby is beyond your budget. Take the example of Gurgaon or Pune or big cities like Bangalore. Wherever there are office spaces, there is a lot of real estate there. Old time office spaces and popular areas which have become expensive like Golf Course Road which is fine in Gurgaon or some area of ​​Hinjewadi inside Pune which has become expensive.  It is an established area which is an old area, the rates have run up there, you want to buy there but it is not in your budget, you are a youngster, the thing which is in your budget seems far to you, then the advice is to listen carefully to the things which are beyond the budget.  You take the one which is within the budget and is physically far away. The moment gives this advice. The first action. But it is too far away. So who told you to stay there? You are still in your 20's and early 30's.  It is possible that your city may change, that is the only thing you can buy if you will not buy that also, it has also become expensive and your office may change after three to four years and this office  Even if there is no change, the other wise of yours is that many people have been thinking that in the last one and a half to two and a half years, they have not been able to take this point, real estate has gone up by 40% within Gurgaon itself, if you  Look, there has been a minimum increase of 40 to 50 rupees, if not more, I am telling in average, in many places in the primary market, the price is 7080 rupees, the things which used to be launched for 8000 rupees are now being sold for 131000 rupees, you know Gurgaon.  I am telling you the average price and the resale market off-course has increased less, not as much as the primary market, but if you apply an average then it will be 22.  Analysis has increased from 24 to 24 in the last 2 years, your income has not increased nor your savings have increased and you have been watching that things will only get more expensive in the future. Whatever products will come, they will come in small sizes, not big ones.  If the end ticket size remains the same, then practically the thing is becoming expensive, it is also called shrink inflation in English, the thing of shrink inflation is getting smaller, it is becoming dense and you cannot buy it there.  If you can't afford to live where you want to, take it somewhere else because the rent there will subsidize your rent. You can get income tax rebate. You will be able to save on interest if your wife works. Wife will also get income tax rebate and you do not have any other choice. There is no other choice, so now in the growing market, if you do not have a choice and have to buy real estate, then you have to see that You can never beat real estate by investing in mutual fund, because real estate starts with one CR and mutual fund starts with zero, so it increases at 8-10. Real estate is 10 lakhs whereas 10 lakhs. If you have invested Rs 10 lakh in mutual funds, then you need 100% return and to make Rs 10 lakh equal, it is yours. So you understand what leverage is.  If there is, then you will have to take it and what will be the benefit from it that you will stop paying the rent you were paying here because you will start getting rent from here, put it in a mutual fund and as time progresses, your salary will increase if you keep track of inflation.  If you are out and about and your wife also works and you also get promotion then yes then you will be able to come to the inner part of the city like they say in Mumbai, not that they start from Virar and then come to Andheri. Then Kande Valley, then Andheri, then they come closer and finally reach Lower Parel and South Bombay, that is, this is the story of Mumbai, so in the same way, if you are not taken out now, then you will not be taken out, then you will not be taken anywhere else.  Then you will never be taken in the city, then you will miss the train, then if you miss the train, then do not miss the train just because your office is somewhere and you want to take it somewhere, there is a possibility, with this possibility, you should not do that, live on rent near the office.  I am also against kissing long distance and long time. Life is very short, so time should not be wasted. Three to four hours of life is spent in commuting. This is not a good thing. Two hours, three hours, whatever, that too is not right.  But do n't take the property because I want it here and I can't take it here. If you can, take it. If you can't take it, take it somewhere else in the same city. And for many people, this is working out in a way that is not in that city. If you can take it brother  Take it in some other city and the property from there should be within that asset class because the rents will increase according to the same formula for the whole of India, where you are paying, maybe you are paying Rs 30,000-35,000. If you buy any other property, you will get only 15000 rent there, but if your 35000 someday goes towards 50000, then your 15000 will also go towards 253, then your  They say hedging, at least there will be some hedge against inflation and money and smaller units. Now I do n't want to make this too astrological, but we just did a very good workshop on astrological real estate and astrology. That it cannot be bought from many people for yourself, it is your kind of star energy that you can not only buy it for yourself but you can buy it for investment and if you want to buy it for investment then you will get it.  Will also go and will take it and they are never able to tick the box for themselves, sometimes they don't like it, the wife doesn't like it, she doesn't like it, then she likes the rate, so take it for rent friend, give it the rent and it will also excel.  Then it will be yours or in 15 years you will be able to buy something expensive, your mind will be resigned to the fate that this is mine and I have to survive on this much and this is the need of respect, something will happen.  In these 15-20 years, you will get the realization of your status. 15-20 years is a big journey, so if there were tantrums in 25 to 30 32 that you have to take it here, you have to take it there, then by 45-48 you go down that way or  If you become rich then you can take it anywhere and if you don't become an athlete then brother, you took it here, there is something, there is something, something is better than nothing, never make the best anime.  Of better I always encounter people sir tell me the best thing, the best thing is the best thing as you like, it does not exist and if it does exist then you cannot take it, so take it better, whatever is your present situation right now or not under my roof.  I don't have a roof over my head at home, so I have a roof over my head, even though I am not sitting under that roof, but I have it, so if some bad life event happens, there must be some place worth going to for the family because  He Mutual funds and they will remain small in demat and they are not even that much, I am not yet to see anyone in 20 30 earning normal money not earning something like 10 lakh per month normal money like salary is 5 thousand lakh 1.5 lakh two lakh this is the normal salary  This is a normal salary earner, no one lost Rs 1 crore in demat in 25-30 years. There is no one's money in a year, money is not put there after a limit, the market is corrected, life is lost, it does not happen in real estate that if you buy a house worth Rs 1 crore, it becomes worth Rs 80 lakh in 15 days, this does not happen by correcting the market.  If there is time correction, then there is no shock. It is okay for some people, the market can stagnate at the same price for years, but there is no shock like this in the stock market and when there is a shock in the stock market, then actually one should buy more but did not buy.  This is also a fact, so those are the emotions which you have to deal with, I hope you guys will understand this thing, youngsters and please share this thing. If you have not subscribed to the channel, then you can subscribe. If you want to take membership, you can take membership.  Many things are taught through classes, workshops, webinars, so you can opt for that one and the one who takes membership is WhatsApp2.  If not, you will find it in the Subscriber Info Group comment section, you can join it also. Thank you.