Hello friends, today's secret about share market which does not tell in any way, in fact, the fine influencers tell its opposite, all tell like this and crores of subscribers are being added to all of them and that thing is making the whole war go astray. Those in the middle and front are also telling you wrong. I will explain this thing to you very well today. Be patient and listen to it completely. The most defaulters who remain engaged in this all the time are a big thing, one Akshar Srivastava, many people.  Ask me, today I will teach you this thing and along with this I will also teach you many more things. Friend, why are you following Veriku ji? Why do you take the names of three guards? What do you mean by their names? You tell me your thing and we will see for ourselves. You do not know the names.  Take this, first I will teach you Sikh and then I will also tell you the stock market and I will teach both things well, so yes, I want to subscribe, what does it mean to subscribe, never panic if someone message you about your ideology, believe system knowledge. If a big party is giving a big wrong to its opponent, then you will have to say it openly, there is nothing personal against anyone, there is nothing personal in politics, they need votes, we need subscriptions, you too have fallen, this is how you have become. Rise above this thing, don't become a moral science teacher or let anyone become one. This is a big learning in your life. There is competition everywhere in your life. You will have to be told in front of the bus what you can do well. And the one whom he is praising is very forceful, what is he doing wrong, sleep is very late, it is not decided like this, you can not decide which one he has to do, which one he has to do, it is you who gets selected, not you.  Know which property to take, which home loan to take, which Pepsi to buy, which Coca Cola to buy, which place to go to the hospital, it is told to you, it is explained to you, the expenses are taken care of, I do my marketing myself, the only difference is that I am not someone.  I don't send you, no one does late marketing, I don't do anything, I come and send myself, date is the difference between me and give but, what is that mess, why is it the lion's share of the market, I am explaining to you now, please understand carefully sir.  The channel is theirs, it is a relief, take 5000 children, take 10000 children, take a sap child, take a child on axle, do this and this lion marketing is a wrong thing, you will inflow so much, you will invest so much money in the lion market, then in so many years this much will happen like this.  It will go as it will happen, this is the story, nothing is going to happen, I am telling you, I am not yours, but it has happened, this is the pass data, this is the future, this is the economy, listen, listen, no one told you, this is the clarity given by IMD number one.  Do n't speak like this, listen to your speaking and then judge me whether this statement of yours is correct. Whenever the expenditure is a substantial amount, the market DOESN'T take you.  Anywhere because out of ₹ 100, if some of it is deducted in tax, ₹ 20 ₹ 30, then some deduction is taken in life insurance, some of your remaining are cats, then your ₹ 50 ₹ 60 ₹ 40 is spent in food and drinks, so now why not save that ₹ 10 ₹ 20?  Guruji, yes, take the child, but by putting that child in the stock market, it will not be worth much because then in life you will have to buy a car, get married, spend on children, this piggy bank will be broken and every person's life will be broken every year.  The piggy bank breaks in two years or three years and if the money invested in the market goes away in the market for 15-20 years, but if it goes away, then no, it will not go away, no, our income will increase, with every move of yours and when you are Fan is increasing your responsibility and also increasing in this matter, now people who will understand that he is not even marrying, he is on top, will not have to say, he does not marry, then break the piggy bank.  If you want, then the child doesn't do it because he has to go to school. You are not reaching the story. People are under 40, their children have grown up. If you want to put them in higher education, then you are a lion market. You have to put two years in it. The market is taking time. The market is taking time.  Now I have to marry my child, the market is low, when you had to go for a vacation, then I will spend my life like this in five years, because of this, you are not becoming a rich mother, this energy of yours is being wasted a lot, that is 12 14 15 16% return, whatever.  There is a promise that it is an average over 10-15 years, between 3 years and 2 years, if people wake up, at many places you will get positive returns, at many places you will get negative returns, at many places you will also get four-five%, see the returns of what Sensex was in January 2008 and what it is today.  Lo, you will come to know on your own how much it is, the biggest problem is that now they themselves show influence by showing their portfolio and that too by taking their name, like Akshar ji says that mine is Expenses are only one or two percent of my income. Brother, that's what I am teaching you. When your expenditure is two percent, then you do n't care. That 20-30-50% of your income is invested in the market, right.  If it is, it is falling, it is decreasing, the portfolio is flooding, it is okay, you were not able to deal with it, your retirement, the remaining expenses are as they are and you are relaxed. Because your income is so high and your expenditure is less, that is why the middle class has been investing for many years. It is something like that earlier Dhirendra ji used to come to value, those mutual fund people are fine, this news channel is very good.  Now there are YouTube channels of people from all over the stock market, then these are the people who have always learned this, you are also there, then why did you not get this freedom of the middle class because you have concentrated on increasing your income and money. I am not fooling anyone, if your income is Rs 7, 8, 10 lakh per month, then you invest money in check HD, you are the one who invests ₹ 1 lakh 2 lakh in mutual fund, always be ahead of the story of the one whose income is Rs 2 lakh, because I can do anything.  Do the calculations, it's okay, so concentrate on increase in your expenditure income and expenditure cannot be reduced beyond a point, invest in that life, invest in that life.  Only I have seen people so much because they will go to Starbucks for coffee ₹ 400 I am late there child, I will take this cap, I will go on the bus, I have to go there like this, bye and I can go, but I will go on the train, 2ac in the train  I can go but I will go in three in one. I can go in three in one. I will go in sleeper class. He will exchange so much of my money. He will spend so much of mine. It sounds good but it has become a habit in life. After that whenever money  joins in  Still, there is no expense, I will try to band by giving one knowledge in life and you all will enjoy, although it is a Sangolese type of knowledge, here I am posting the channel on Clarity Farid, if not, then subscribe, do that also because there  Pay this one more thing and let me tell you, listen carefully, it is difficult to desire money, it is not easy, it is not very easy, okay, it takes hard work, it takes the mind, it becomes more difficult than earning money, saving money because the expenses are very high, this is another second.  Money is a difficult thing  It becomes more difficult to save money and invest it instead of the right way. Those who do n't break and definitely keep going, it becomes more difficult to save money but invest it instead of the right way. Here all those influencers come, some say right, some say wrong, some say wrong.  Don't know in totality because there is 360 degree perspective but the most difficult thing in life is to enjoy the money. Here I came in play D number one clarity waver, everyone will reach till here, money, how to wish.  What do you have to do, then you have to save like this, Chindi, take a child here, take a child there, someone will remain, invest in such a child, go like this, how to enjoy because you don't know how many parents have you seen in life, now when people say  People with money don't enjoy a dialogue, what do they listen to, what do they see, look at their parents, those who are sitting with money and HD are living a miserable life because they did not understand at the time how much they have to enjoy.  We have to do it again, let's go to a different extreme, this is the caste of the people, brother, I will do bungee jumping, you milk, that is a different one, that is going on, they are also studying in despair, this is the thing of the second verse, this is the trick, this is a great gap in teaching where  I want you to come today, a teacher and a fool, this cap is not telling the gap, no one here is doing a live life, we are one's financial freedom, hurry up, retire, come this retire, this was the one  Are you in a dilemma Ho I am retired This is Ho I am retired Anybody Uses Ho I am retired Hajj Not retired That is how you have to retire Income in this Hajj This is not a practical thing Too much more practical is being told in a lot of space Too much and  The children who get very relaxed after listening to the talk of 2003 year, tell Diwari that ji has told us that we are shipping, we will become millionaires in 30 years. Because it will happen like this, then next time there will be movement. Mummy needs money, there will be some emergency at home, I want a car, iPhone is the only thing I want in the market, etc. people are connected to earn profit from iPhone trading. Aayat 1.5 I have gone. I have bought this or Samsung's Fold, I have bought this, and all of them are less hard, which is not hard, real money is earned by working hard and having real skills, this is done again and again in real life. Attract me, I have just made two videos, I had to delete one, which I posted was practical, Ho Tu Make One Crore Scheme, removed it within 24 hours, and another one of mine is still posted, Ho Tu on One Crore in Six Months 15.  20 people did that on the cap, the idea that I had given to them, but date history is very simple, this is the notice, you ask me, you tell me how to do it, I gave the idea, don't do it yourself, I do it every time.  I want to say that if it is such an easy thing, then I will check your account, I have an idea, I have told you to try it, all these videos are going on which tell that they will give you 5000 rupees for the work on Excel.  Give 10, give 14% return, you will get 14% return. If you get 18, then 14 yes all yes yes let's do it. Hey brother, who knows what you are going to get, what is going to happen next, where can you get extra polite cricket.  Match you just at least India is talking 120 in 20 overs and 100 is going on 6 Shubham Gill is out Rohit is out and Virat Kohli is batting and is 120 and six and 120 is one and six  If the run rate is 50 then 300 will be made, instead of 300 you can go to 450 and also you can get allotted at 1170, both things can be life.  In all this you sit and become that commentator type, isn't it a time pass, it is shown that if runs are scored on 8 runs, then this much money will be made, man, such an important tax has also been put into it, so why be happy by doing a math in this? When you imagine, if you  You have to consume and know the story in life, otherwise you enjoy seeing such a country, it will happen like this, but Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli, who are sitting there, do not have that thing in their mind that if I even make it together, it will be like this.  on that  We are looking at the ball on merit, it is a dynamic situation, be it rain, there is power, there is wind, there is power, there can be some strong bowler, he is playing according to that, then slowly means style, all that too on the move, let the moments come on.  D Peace D Release's brother, this is a tweet in the story and this is what life is, you really don't know the pitch, how will it be in the future, how will the bowlers be, how will they change, content on this  Don't waste your time again and again by consuming, that's why I'm late again and again, that's why I have to say again and again, watch me more, yes, become my subscriber, bring people from his channel to me too, vote for me, make me a leader, I will become MP, I will  I will win like this, this is how it happens, don't even be shy in this, don't be nervous, don't get distracted that Sambdi is doing this, you are taking name, you don't have to do anything else at all, brother-in-law, this is something that you bill decide no you bill not decide you  They are forced to get it disassembled and are told with force that this soap will wash well, this one will not cut the woman's hands, this one has acid in it, this one has acid in it, my toothpaste has charcoal in it, this one does, this one does.  The space is tight, the eyeballs are attracted, even the politicians will do it, the stars will also do it, the advertising people will also do it, we will also do it on YouTube, social service is not working here, it makes you feel like a human being.  A little relaxed, has white hair, Hello friends, I feel like this to you, O time is passing, time is retired, nothing brother, no one is retired, nothing is ruthless capitalism is being practiced on YouTube I bill behaved the way in his life which was leaked  People behave, now you have fallen from our sight, now you have risen. Every time you do this and you want to settle down, order thinking whenever you do this, you are ideal.  You are afraid of debt bill, do this, you get a result today, you are not able to do so many things in life, you understand progress, brothers and sisters, now you are thinking about this because you think like this because I do n't want to, my audience is my audience.  If anyone among my elders is criticizing me on any channel or saying something to me like you should enjoy date also when I come and say this is nonsense I am ready good think like this  This is how it should be, so you should have the power to take it all, the moment you come, and this is a message for you too, the moment you want to come on a public domain, the moment you want to do extra politeness. This is this in life, IT bill should be reduced, if people are not criticizing you, then you are not progressing, then yes, they must be progressing. If they criticize all these things, they should progress only then they are being criticized. The rule of social media is the player below.  Vrikuchi gives five to the player above, otherwise he said that nuance, on this, Grover had said in a more dirty way, I do not say bad words to him, nor do I use bad words to him, I attack on the message, I never attack the messenger.  So the message is under attack, there is no attack on the messenger, the messenger is good, the day after tomorrow, everyone is doing their own business, they are doing it as per their own convenience, it is okay for their own benefit, the public should also benefit in it.  If it is then it is a very good thing that the situation in life may benefit you also, the next one may also benefit, date it is the best, so if they are also trying the same, then do not get distracted by these things, it is important to know the basics of stock market but understand it.  If that money cannot stay in the market for 15-20 years, then there is no use in investing so much in it, there will only be anxiety because the year is 2 years and the IC whose salary is only 40 thousand, 50 or 30.  60 or 70, then is n't it just a child? Yes, save but he ca n't extract the juice. This D message of the market is constantly focusing on the market, how can I become a master of returns, which is better than that, focus on yourself and increase your income. Forget about it.  Market, I will learn, I will give mutual fund, first I should be eligible and I should increase my value giving capability and my skill sets, you should be able to on  N big income should be D fake debt is D message earning 40000 and spending your brain juice and Rijiju time and Joe in learning investment is meaningless because debt is 40000 child is not going to make you rich story invest story invest story then lottery tickets  It is better if you buy it or open a lottery because ₹ 40,000 can be converted into ₹ 50,000.  Even in lakh rupees and if you are earning ₹ 1 lakh then you should focus more on building assets so that it becomes your thing, you will definitely reach a stage and if you earn more income then only that money works, money is big, money is rich.  Only those people earn, whose cash flow is very high, free cash flow is very high, they earn a lot of money in the stock market, this is an alternative philosophy, the details on this can be a winner in two hours. To understand this philosophy, you can watch this channel.  You can become a member of or normal, when I am in my Telegram group, you can join it, a notification will come, it can be explained within 2 hours, please tell me about it, I equate this philosophy when you are on the mountain or  If you see someone doing rock climbing or someone climbing up or anyone climbing Mount Everest, what he does is he goes everywhere and stops something there and then goes further.  This is so that if mother takes the gear from here then it cannot go down from this point, this kind of thing should not become a free fruit because I am moving from here to here, everyone wants to know, everyone has to go but take such a long jump, go quickly. Brother, even if you fall, how to put safety net at every point, I will make Wagner in the best way and will also be on top of decision making and that will be according to the Indian context. Many people have knowledge of books from outside and have been forced to listen to the war.  Is  That's because that chip is going to other countries in the West and IT was never in India and the bill was never in India because of heart's different settings. They used to come for outside but now the Chinese people have made all the converters but that's the story.  If you come from outside, you do not go to Indian Heart, it is 50 rupees here. Whatever electricity works differently there, it will not work with you. Whatever you bring, this is not the knowledge there, you have to give the knowledge here, do not give it here.  The original here is not being given, everyone here picks up the story and listens to it there, picks it up and does it here, in future also you will get videos like this, the knowledge from there is being wrongly explained here and I am explaining it very logically and well.  I will explain to you, there is a Rich Dada Pur Dada book, you must have heard of Robert's Ho Sakoon, the most abused knowledge is that, is Robert's knowledge very good? Is his knowledge very good, but it is a mess here in India. What is there in it, if you want in it then you  Rich Grandpa  Dada, I will tell him how to get the actual knowledge because you know who is the master of real estate. Guru ji, okay, then I will also tell you how you liked this video and if you get distracted by what I say.  If you feel criticized, then brother, you are not my audience, you can go by subscribing, but I will tell you before the message and there is a dialogue, this is a dialogue on that, contributions used to be like this, earlier 3000 from today.  4000 years ago, there used to be a philosophy on things based on religion. There was a philosophy of blessings and blessings. Everyone used to say everything was brother-in-law and people are doing this, Jai this, enjoy this, I am doing that with a name, there is no problem with a name, they were without a name.  It is also fine but that message is being sent to so many people. You are sending a message to so many people. It is sending a wrong message. You are wasting your time wrong. Do you agree? With this whatever told you enjoyed please give it in the comment sections thank you very match channel not subscribed got forwarded by mistake am watching it for the first time so please subscribe thank you