Hello friends, when I would like to tell you the Never Hut Secret about 925, please understand it properly because I am deliberate in the market but I also felt like this from my content because it is necessary to tell only one clarification and DD secret to everyone so that the youth does not get distracted.  Have you heard that from 9 to 5, a negativity is being spread every day, on social media and everywhere, and there are very strong agents behind it, now I will speak.  You also listen completely, listen completely, only then I am telling you what is happening in clarification and detail and secret, if you have watched my video properly, on this channel I never say that one should not do job but I definitely say that  I say that you should not always do a job, I have also put 36 and 42 on Singular Sutra on my channel, you have to understand the difference, whatever children are watching 20 22 23 24 Startup Studio, if nothing else is happening because of you.  The push of the car never starts, if we talk in a little astrology then 47000 is not activated, your horoscope itself is not activated because you are sitting inside the house because either you are preparing for the good time which will give you power and respect.  Will she give it to me or are I wandering in doing something of my own that someone should give me the money and if I do business with them or do something then it is very important 925 When I am a little domineering, reduce it and be a little smart. Do less, but by working, you have to be prepared, go to office, follow time, meet people, write emails, make phone calls, do all the etiquettes, handle pressure, all these things will help if you want to reduce yourself tomorrow, then all these things are needed, do not do it in isolation.  I can't help but brother, I only know how to talk. If you are a rude person, then why do business? People reduce their income, people do an economy, people do freelance, if they can't do anything then they put the job in a pattern. Now what's wrong with a 9 to 5 job?  The thought is that either you will come by saying big things to him, like the Devgarhvi guys came on Morning This Match and you also, it doesn't happen like this, friend, run, you start asking people crazy and show which Ferrari of yours is the car that I have, the man who owns it.  If some person attracts you by showing you a good car or by showing his health, then he is definitely a scan, that is, what is he attracting, he is attracting you only to earn money and is showing himself that he has earned it and he is attracting you. No one is talking about adding value add skill set and brother, money can be earned by working hard while studying, no one can give so much knowledge, there are no shortcuts in this, someone is making my investment like this, someone is making a millionaire from investment.  Someone is making millionaires on sale. Someone is making millionaires in his own way and 9 to 5 jobs are being made redundant. When this good comes from which you adopt it, how does it reduce the entire system? How do the employees manage each other?  How does it reduce the accounts, how does it do sales, how does marketing do, how does supply chain logistics work, wherever you are working, these elements would be going on that how is GST paid, what is it that tomorrow you will get something of your own. If you do it then you cannot be like that if you were in sales then you went to do your work because Sher Bhaiya, you don't know the rest of the things, if you do your work then you will do all the work from Chapra but because you are the one, you can do whatever you do. You should know everything about the organization, how to talk to people, how to talk to juniors, how to talk to scenery, what are the soft skills, what are the communication skills, when 925 is necessary for that, now I will tell you one thing in this.  I would like those who are very smart to figure out in 7 to 8 years, you are minimum for 7 years, if it takes then by 30-31, you will be a topper student.  After that if you are an average then it is fine till 12 13 14 years. After the age of 36 years you will get an idea of ​​what you should do and you will also start working towards it and 42 years is the cut off date.  The people who have joined the job should leave the job for that, when you have decided in your mother that at the age of 42, even a week student will be expelled if from 42 you become 45, 43.  After 44 years of penance, you will never lose your job and the most precious stress in life comes at the age of 40. In mid-forties, it is called midlife crisis because at that time, children grow up and their expenses are flooding the mother.  -Your father has health issues, you also have new healthy shoes, there are promotional programs, life seems to be passing by, you are no longer young, is your dream fulfilled?  It didn't happen that 20 years of your life were spent by everyone on you and your time. Note it with you and give it. Demand is increasing and you have a lot of money to spend. That thing is most important. Now, do you think that 45 to 60 years are the most painful?  Having a job from 22, 23, 24 years to 36 years, 35 years is not so painful because you are still learning in your youth or when you are young, you have experience in job.  If it is less, then some mistakes are forgivable. If there is caste, mistakes are not forgiven. If there is any data, it does not seem that big and if the target is to ask you to do something, then the target also changes because you are not married yet. Your 24 25 26 27 K.  Two stars are performing right now, in your second thing, will we come or not? Children are being born 28, 29, 30. People are having children from 31, 32 to 33, so that is also the responsibility.  The child has not come, he is small, the pressure of his class has not yet come, the pressure of studies has not come, he is in a small class, it is not that much, but gradually all that has to increase and if you are here then, then there is a program to remove you from the job.  If you don't do it, then there is disappointment. Application for those people in 45, 46, 48, eight, no, there is no child, then whenever that 925 is not there, then it was one thing in which you have to realize that you have to start, I have to learn.  is there and in that Change jobs in Dhaba, no no, then what will those other people think? Will someone think about the company? If you have the guts, you will keep everything. There is a lot of demand for yourself. It is not necessary to give a job for 12 12 15 years. Then the story is there is no growth, no one is themselves.  The company says that there is no point in this outside life, that is why it is lying with us and you are seeing bosses leaving from other companies who suck your blood and you are working there for some company.  This is not the old Lalji's company, you are going to get loyalty bonus, you have one date here for two and a half years and take out the city, I always say, keep it on hold, what do people do and keep roaming, that is the biggest stupidity, only one company.  Sometimes they send me here, sometimes they send me to the biggest stupidity city, only then there will be personal growth and keep changing jobs in it, get a big city, keep changing jobs, keep on changing these things very much.  We are giving detailed clarity and further consultation. The top person in the corporate is in my team and he will do your consultation. If you are struggling with this kind of situation, when there is a lot of change, normally people wrote the road, when the leader was their boss.  This is a trade which I have not tested. It is fine where good work is going on and people do not leave their jobs so soon. But if you have to do decision making.  Or you have got any toxic box, it is your worker environment which is toxic or you have any day after day issues which have become valentine with job, then in this we are giving consultation to you, not corporate consultation, I will tell you by CC you can WhatsApp official.  Those who are facing any situation in the job and want to discuss it, they can also take concentration off course, you can cast your vote on the number given below.  Can WhatsApp thank you very match