Hello friends, an idea which can earn you about ₹ lakh per month very easily, I have already made two-three videos like this, my intention is not that many people should know this because then that idea gets defeated, try everything, I want.  Those who are associated with me should understand that if they can then do it. The last two ideas have been very hit and they are available for paid members. This video is also paid.  It will be available for members after some time. How many people will do this? By the time you guys have heard it, if you have heard it then press the bell notification so that if such videos come in future, if you watch them on time, they will be discussing the idea.  The idea is again applicable in big cities. There was a video of mine on why youth should go to big cities. Big people made fun and trolled the role that it is not like this, everyone will reach and those who were in big cities said, Guruji, why are you calling?  They will definitely have competition. Hey where do all of them come from? Who takes advice? These advices are like eat good food, sleep on time, respect your parents, have a good relationship with your wife and don't drink alcohol, don't smoke cigarettes or do that. If not all people do then they will not do this either. People will reject this idea at 99 and those who select at 1 and work hard will earn money. You do not need much qualification for this. What is the idea? Sir, there are many elderly people who are alone, in their 70s, in their 80s, they require this service, they require this support, and you can get an income of Rs. 1 lakh by getting at least 6 to 7 clients, not more than 10. Maybe in six to seven years, there will be off-course in big cities only, people from small cities will not pay Rs. 45, this is the thinking and I made it clear to me in that video, but that pain happens to small cities.  No problem, I am not here to please everyone, there are many NRIs whose parents live here, there are very rich people whose children are abroad, they are rich themselves and there is no support system, there is no one to talk to, so what will be your work. What work can you do in duties? You know how to talk, you go to their house and do their work. In terms of where any bank work has to be done and you are already police verified plus you are in touch with their kids and  select you  It is done properly if you do any work in their house, there is repair work, the elderly have a lot of work which at some stage they become asphyxiated and they feel like crying, including taking them for their monthly medical check up, see, make them cry.  A driver will do it, taking them inside the hospital, holding their hand, talking with them, chatting with them, telling good things, I teach these good things on membership in any way which gives peace in oneself.  A very big thing in itself is the way of talking, they require the company and they have the money and they are willing to buy that company and those 200 and these ideas have been implemented, they have crossed more than the pilot project, the only thing is this.  That when you do this work, you cannot tell this to your future father- in-law, O son-in-law, he does this so stupidly, what kind of work is this, what kind of respectable work is this, but this is a practical work and this  It is much better to earn Rs 40,000 per month by doing your own thing. You will be in a good company, you will live in a good house, you will eat good food. They may not have real sons or daughters but they will treat you with great respect and they are very rich people, they need people here. I am not talking about social reform to serve the poor people, there are many people, now how will they meet, what will they meet, where will they do, Guruji, tell me everything, give them their address, then I will also put money in the bank account and this work is done by me only.  I can talk and do things but I also know how to do them well. I am teaching this thing to the people. First only this idea is given to them. Only the Guru shows the direction. Not everyone can earn. I always give that as my example. Guruji Jaa in Amar Chitra Katha.  There was a dead rat. He told the disciple that if someone has brain then he will become a tycoon from this dead rat and a man overhears the talk and he tells him the whole story. It was very good. I had read it many years ago. I am fine, so this is this.  Now how to do that, you see, it is very practical, there is no issue in this, they will be afraid of us, hey brother, there is also a person who sweeps the utensils in the house, he takes away their lives, police verification of everyone comes, in fact all those things are verified.  Will do it because there is no one to inquire about the physical well-being of the elderly, there is no educated, safe and well-intentioned person, no relative is gone, sometimes someone is gone, and sometimes someone is gone, someone is taking care of their bank's FD.  Will anyone steal? Everything is controlled nowadays, but its photostat has to be updated, it has to be taken only to them, sometimes they too would feel like giving it to the elderly, sometimes they would feel like giving a movie, go watch it with them and you are the only one.  You need seven clients. Six to seven to eight to 10 and they are not needed every day. You, an old man, no one will give you Rs. 2 lakhs, a couple will not give you an off course, even he will not give it. Even in India, only one person is not so rich that he is giving it to you.  but you  Ratan Tata ji's assistant, you have seen him with curly hair, you have seen him melt it, when I saw that photo many years ago, this idea came to me and I have been running this idea for two-three years but I am coming publicly and telling him now.  I am saying that this is what you have to do, first tell me what an idea you have, don't go into the sexiness part of it because you ca n't define it, can you?  You are an assistant, you are a shopping assistant, you are an assist living, what are you and after that you can have such a good network, brothers and sisters, you can do this agency and your only game is to bring clients, if they come, you will recruit five under you, their verification will be proper.  The procedure will be done for all those elders, their children, wherever they are, they will be connected through technology. Today my father and mother are going there, they are going by car, just tell.  I am an elderly person, does she want to go to the temple in Kashi Vishwanath, how can she go, she has the money, who will take it, who will make the arrangements, oh no, tickets are taken from them, they are not even talked to the travel agent, even a person reaches such a stage.  Do n't know whom to talk to, whom to give money to, what accounts to settle, now Ramlala ji will be ingrated in Ayodhya on 22nd January, there will be reverence among many among the elders, son, I feel like going but my body is also failing.  But there should be someone to explain that we have to go by train, we have to go by plane, we have to get down at Lucknow airport, we have to take Innova from there, we have to stay in a hotel, we have to go there, we have to go there, we don't have to take photos, children, I am not able to do it here, children.  I am telling you, is this idea not good, is there no demand for it, is it not a blue ocean opportunity, do you have to give IMIT exam for this, do you have to give your UPSC exam, is there any competition in it? Respect is needed, a little patience is needed and you need a decent, well-spoken person whose company is good. That's it and you are taking payment according to the hours of your time and effort, after that you can also connect those elders and then you  When you have to take many people, you have six-seven clients in one society, one place in the city, then you rented a mini van for them and said, let's take an outing to this mall today for everyone alone because the effort is only that much, I will give you the rest. through this video  I want to do Sky is the Limit as per the idea that if I think loudly in this, I have taught a little about all these things on the membership, I will teach in the future also, you can also take the membership because everything should be done in such a way that even if this idea has merit,  It will also cost money, otherwise ideas are being sold at Rs 1.5 per kg in Chavadi Bazaar, pick it up anywhere, there is a problem in execution, I also understand but the  The thing is it's an idea with no one is doing. Anyone can become a millionaire by starting with this idea. Anyone can take anything to any level but what is personal is that you need something with a personal touch. Anyone can do it. Blue Ocean.  Now there is an opportunity, people, I am just giving you the idea, I am already full of work, I have to spare some time, when you become a guru then every person can write a script.  He ca n't direct a movie and a person can direct only one movie in a year but a script person can probably write six. Every person has his own talent, so in execution, he went into that and then the rest are 70.  They were working, so my work is to come here and give an idea. This channel is for the clarity for the youth, it is a very practical, unique channel, it is being liked a lot, but I have kept it with a little attitude.  I don't allow it to be explored, even if it grows rapidly, or should I do some marketing somewhere else, this Ayushmann Khurrana model has caught on, it is better than word of mouth, congratulations, then people will see that Andhadhun is good, then they will see that dream girl has also started.  Silently, no one even realized in between, when Jawan Jailer was coming, then Dream Gal 2 would leave after earning 100 crores, it was not realized, there is no advertisement marketing budget, so this is quietly, this work was done by no one.  Don't share this video. Oh hello, don't share this video. Beat my idea somewhere because I too am in control and I don't want to tell this to many people. Those who have pressed the notification, those who follow this, I just  Only for them and if you are watching it casually then suppress it otherwise such videos will never be seen again. Brother, you can earn ₹ lakhs very easily and on top of that it is a very good company and the best thing is that I am not saying this. you do this work  Will you do it till 70 years or did you start at 20 but you get life experience from the elders? I learned all this not by taking paid off-course but in other wise consultation. What about the elders? Do you understand that a rich man is a rich man and he is an elderly person and he is a successful person.  Brother, you will do it for a successful person, now don't make it moralistic here, who will look after the poor, you have to open an NGO, open it, okay, I am telling you here, there are  People are very very late, she is a lady, husband is not there, many people are single, she is not a lady, she is an elegant lady, full knowledge artist, what are the paintings, what can you do with them and by consulting them, please help me, madam, these paintings can also be sold.  What may be their leg, may be your name, what talent, what knowledge, I personally know so many ladies, what to cook after a certain age. Now she knows her off course, she ca n't stand standing, off course cooking, she has to stand, she has to do shopping, and she knows the recipe and she knows how to do it, so by calling the maid, she started her startup too, this is the sky. Tell them to limit, make them do the shopping yourself, spend that time fully, juice will come out of life, it is so important, you see, you are spending time with quality people and getting paid for it and learning life from you.  You are getting a ripe life from them, they will tell you about relationships, you cannot tell them what good or bad happened in their life, it is okay, they will tell you everything about money, they will tell you everything and you will only absorb you like this. What else is a good thing to do, this coffee will come at coffee time, you are not becoming his servant, he is rich, you understand it, but you have a level of talking which that person can imagine, here I am and even talk about being educated.  I am staying  I am talking about those youngsters who wear suits, boots and ties, who have the ability to hold an intellectual conversation. Otherwise, if they have to carry only that, the servant will also do it, but they do not pass time with the servant because they  Are all achievers, you can connect them in the actual real world, they will not feel like going with the servant, they will not feel like talking and half the time their children are sitting far away, they also become a little bit that you Where would you go with a servant, why would you go like this, he is not, he cannot do the servant, he does n't feel like being with him, because he does, isn't it, familiarity breeds dissatisfaction with you, whatever you say, call it classist or whatever, sit with him.  Watching a movie, having dinner with him, going to fine dining, having intellectual conversations can't happen in the same garden, you know what I'm saying, so of course there is no per se qualification but.  Yet there will be some qualification there, are you educated? If you are from a good college, may be from their college because like St.Stephen's is ok or is there any Venkateswara college? That too, some shade of background, some shade of ethnic, some shade of anything, shade of hobbies, shade of hobbies, any kind of anything, eight watts and all, the ones from South Delhi are the camellias from Gurgaon. Magnolia Aralish They are not doing wrong, I am not teaching wrong, you are adding quality in their life, they need that quality, they don't have a person and you are that I am not saying you are very sophisticated but you are a pleasing personality you are a  Personality to be around and you have the patience with the elderly You have to have patience with the elderly Will talk slowly Will talk slowly The elderly repeat the thing  Sometimes you will become emotional too, you will become a better person, you will get empathy, you will understand emotions, you are not in this night race, you are sitting in stagnation, I want to tell you one thing, sit with any elderly person, I am an elderly person.  Don't say, my hair is white with knowledge, my age is less than many people, hey, I also know what you say, I only know the art of it, but when you become an old man and become an actual person, you go in your 70s.  So there comes a kind of pause in life, it is fun to sit with such people, especially because there is pick and choose here, there is no need to give service to the old people, you can also get them, which is very nice.  It is bitter, it is pick and choose, if they like you, you like them, they are very old, the percentage is very high, which is very pleasing, life is very enriching, it is very experience, they are just.  Wanting some youngster to be around because they require that energy. If you are in 20 or 30 then this is a very good idea. It is a unique idea and an executable idea. How did you guys like the idea? Please tell me, you can share this extreme with a friend or brother.  And I will do it together because that also feels good. There are two people, two youngsters, they are having time with each other too. Sky is the limit, your imagination is the limit, you can do it in all big cities because there is this energy and product and money is required, it is not there datchi telling bhaiya, small town, leave the small town, leave it, you cannot do anything there except UPSC preparation.  Preparation for government job or my father's business is fine so please have to stop yourself, don't share this on the channel.  Subscribe if someone accidentally shares it with you and press the bell notification. One of the only creators and very few creators on youtube, don't share the one. Otherwise, if there are others left, then I also say share, but do n't share this one brother.  it's okay to do th