Hello friends, this stock needs to be on a watch list, I am not SEBI registered, I am not asking you to buy the stock, I am asking you to do research on the stock and discuss about this stock and this stock is IHCL is a hotel company, Taj Group, the hotels owned by them are Taj hotels, share price is 600 something, the day the video is being recorded and the day it will be released, the shares go up and down, but this company.  It has a market cap of around Rs 69000 crore. The past results have been very good. There has been a very good recovery after Covid. It has 326 properties, out of which around 102 are currently under construction and will be ready. Around 224 are Taj hotels as well as Vivanta and These people also own Ginger Hotel, this hospitality space in general is also doing very well, other hotels are also doing very well and this one is also doing well 13  There is a presence in the country, five star hotels, more will be opened, Indian travel is happening a lot, they have different segments, so it is not just that they operate in the Taj zone, they also operate in other zones too, so you will find some of their  Things have to be observed which have changed, they used to be very stringent which has jumped to 33 because they have focused on a fixed cost. And they have done cost cutting where they are not buying all the properties now they are doing a property management also so what happens to it is it becomes an asset light model so whenever there are changes, structural changes in a company then in the future Profitability can be more in this case. This is the experience. It has just started happening. Next call is yours. The study is yours. Screener.in has done something to go beyond that. Cash. View Flows View Revenue View Profits View Profit Margins View Management Commentary Read Annual Report A Chatwal ji is its CEO Read his interviews Again just because it is very difficult, by the way, if you want me to create a separate finance channel because where I Brother, no one can explain things like I can, I will come here and tell you that thing without telling you anything to buy so that you can learn because never  Invest on Borrowed Convey People, what is happening these days, channels have become so many, buy this, buy that, target this, buy this, buy this, call this, call this, people have become crazy, they have to focus on their own learning, someone will come and tell you the method which I  If I can tell you, I am currently posting these videos on this channel, I don't know if they will last that long because if you want to create a separate finance channel, then you will have to prepare for it, just by jumping like this is not enough, it has regulatory and other things.  If you guys want then please write Finance Channel in the comment section. Add this stock in the watch list. Earlier I had also told about the insurance sector. These are blue oceans. Good opportunity for sizeable market of 15 to 20 years ahead. And if these people want to benefit in the progress of India, then today this is a stock for you people, this is a marquee stock, many of their properties are owned and some are crown values.  Not for the company but for the country, there are some such properties which are their marquee properties which are important for the country, they are such properties in our country so they are owning it and all these are timeless properties and the price of those properties is increasing.  It Self Increases the Book Value of the Company And of course when things get expensive then room rents will definitely get expensive. Occupancy at 70 is what they are targeting.  And there are going to be room additions like I told 102 is under construction and they are going to happen every week they are adding one property for a very long time every week somewhere they are having something and that we are getting to hear the rest are outside It has a presence in 13 countries, so it has to be studied. You will get to know a lot in one hour. Read the annual reports. There is a management commentary in the annual reports. You read the last three to four years and then check whether the management has done what they said or not, what they said 3 years ago, what they said 2 years ago, what they did. Then you read their balance sheets, then you look at their dates, then you  Look at their share holding pattern, then look at their book value, then after looking at such parameters, then look at their net profit margins and see the increase in their return on capital. Look at the employed, look at the return on equity and you will get all this easily and if you go for very easy money control or something like that, then there will be comparison with Pierce. When you do Pierce, other scoundrels will also come, so among all the scoundrels, I did this because  He is the largest player, he is the largest topper student, so watch it carefully, monitor it and if you want to watch it when the video is being recorded, then because of that,  Let us give you a figure, if it is not recorded today, then I will tell you its date. The date when this video is being recorded is mine, you can imagine that it is happening on 10th August and its last closing price is mine, I am you.  I try to tell people, ok, its price is still ok, I have some hang in it, so from next time, there is no use in telling me the rate, you guys will see for yourself, it will be better, so you see for yourself, how much is 600? Was going on  Write on 9th August and write something for your benefit in the comment section. I also don't look at the stocks every day. I do n't even look at the ones I have bought. The disclaimer is that I have bought it but it does not mean that you guys should also buy it. Okay. This does not mean that you people should buy it, you have to do your due diligence because otherwise the pressure becomes too much. No, you had recommended Akesh, it is your recommendation, no, I did not buy it at this price.  I may have bought at a different price, the price may have run up, okay, so you can see for yourself, so I hope this video will tell you the stocks to put in your watch list, he is also a very good friend because  There are 5400 plus stocks, which ones should I go and study, there is no time to study, it means you have wasted time by studying useless stocks, what is the use if someone tells you like this, if you will enjoy studying then study this. like  Subscribe to the channel. Details: If you want a channel only, then efforts will be made, brothers and sisters, but I will try to bring that also, but you will have to write in the comment section. Thank you very much.