Hello friends, A Sign of a Good Marriage, today you can test yourself as many married people as you can. How many have failed in this test, write F. If you are passing then write PASS. This is a very short, simple and good fun video and please enjoy it.  Spread it around, share it on groups etc. and ask everyone how many passes have failed. It is okay that the one who gets married the more times he gets married, he is a little less hesitant in saying and telling all these things. So let's start. That sir, you have to do the test, what is this test, you are husband and wife, husband can also watch this video, wife can also watch it, it is applicable for both, if you people are afraid of fighting with each other, you are very afraid and Fearful of fighting with each other means the marriage is not good. Look, there is some anxiety that something has happened, now will she tell or will he tell something, I can't say that people are very happy like this, the boys are okay. But if there is a lot of fear in fighting, there is a lot of fear that I don't know if she will get angry and leave, I don't know what will happen, I don't know what will happen, the world will see what will happen, this is the world will see syndrome, okay.  What will the world say, if this kind of matter is going on, if you are afraid of fighting, then the relationship is not very secure, according to me, you should fight as much as you can, do n't fight, what will the children say to the children, oh children, let them know.  want mian Wives get married, they fight in marriages. Sorry Mia, Bhabhi gets married and fights because if your daughter has never seen her parents fighting and the husband who used to fight a little goes away, then D is for divorce. Fighting over small matters will become normal.  The thing is, sisters and brothers don't fight, brothers don't fight, sisters don't fight, children don't fight, children do n't fight in schools, everyone fights, the whole world fights, countries don't fight, Ukraine, Russia don't fight, Iraq, Iran don't fight, India, Pakistan don't fight. Everyone fights sometimes, there is so much violence going on in the world, you need extreme peace at home, you can't have a little too much, a little too much, I am not saying what you say as soon as you wake up, you should make a plan to fight today over this thing  Who will pay? But there should not be so much confusion in fighting. Basically, what is fighting? Normally we say disagreement. The story starts with disagreement. In the beginning, slippers do not come out. It is okay with disagreement.  It starts with ok, then he is not agreeing, then if your spouse is not agreeing to you then it is ok, two things can happen, your words may be wrong or what you are saying is actually wrong, that is why he is not agreeing, another thing can happen.  The point is correct but you are not able to explain it. Brother, even if what you are saying is correct and you are not able to explain it, then it is your fault, isn't it? If I am Guruji here and I am making a video, it is okay and I am not able to explain it to you people. getting what i want to say  So should I question your understanding? Every time there might be a problem in my communication skills. I need to improve. I need to give more examples. I need to ask this thing. I am going to conduct such an excellent workshop on relationships. Brothers and sisters, 30th March.  It will be around 11:30 am, it will be for one and a half to two hours, join the relationship, it means relationship, marriage.  If you don't say so then there will be talk of marriage in it and this is a boy- girl system, this will also happen because you are Clarity for Youth channel, so brother, the one you are looking for who has not been married will also be a high value man, high value man, whom to marry or not.  Why should I get married, what to expect, how should I fight or not, how much should I fight, how much is it okay to fight, I will also take your queries regarding all types of relationships, beyond the number you will get in the comment section. Only whatsapp2 will be fine but if it is paid then attend it and you can also become a relationship expert and can charge the world too. How much will be the fee? It will be around 500, 500, 600 or something like this. Is it ok these days GST PST?  If something happens, it will be almost like this, so there is no need to worry, there is no need to worry about these relationships, be it husband or wife, enjoy that relationship, it will become a strong bond of your favorite girl. And when Fevicol becomes strong and you realize that you don't have to go anywhere, then how much do you fight? You saw that old picture, there was a picture, it was Roti Karke, there were two-four more pictures of Rajesh Khanna in it, Hero Heroine. At some point, it gets closed like a handcuff, when such a situation comes, they remain angry with it, but then you release, it is a handcuff, we have to cooperate with someone.  These are handcuffs, you can't fight because what to do now, these relationships are also like this, you just need to cooperate, this much I will break, that is, nowadays, in our childhood, many years ago, such children used to say, pencil, if your marriage is cancelled, then this  Say pencil, cancel your marriage, don't cancel marriages with this, friend, what I am saying is, attend a few relationship workshops, those which are going well, definitely attend them. So that things are going well, even those who are not doing well should understand because once you understand, then you will understand. Just like I told you so beautifully, if you are not able to explain then it is still your fault and your words may be wrong anyway.  If yes, then they respect you. What do you say? I want all the partners like this. I give an example to the men. You want all the partners like this. Wife, you will eat bread like this. Yes, let me come and bring you the bread. Yes, okay, there is no contribution, just say this now.  You should put such women down, yes, it is like this in today's times, Baba, the lady needs to contribute in a lot, many wages, you will only eat this roti, which will not help, bank work, demat driving, dropping children to school, fetching, setting up the house, making, doing a job.  Money is many things and a man also needs a lot Ghuggu man Ghuggu wife is not good for relationship Guggu you understand the word ok ok its english word gone  I have forgotten, I will remember next time, okay, so there is that animal, tell me which one it is, which is exactly like this, okay, then understand this thing, relationships can be improved by improving yourself, the next person will be on his own.  Change will happen because you have changed, you want to understand this beautifully in one and a half to two hours and your ongoing queries will also be taken and solved within one or two lines.  Even those questions will be taken within 30 seconds, so there is no consultation fee to be paid. Other wise, one on one consultation. I am one of the very short after marital consultant in India. Very good, my word of mouth works, no one likes my website, no one is my ad.  I don't know, I don't know anything, I am the only one, Ramdev ji does his own ads, I also say my own words, it's okay because when Ramdev ji used to do his own ads, it was okay.  When they started running ads, then they clipped more and got whipped. Okay, so I also limit myself and tell them that I am fine. You can try and see if there should be a relationship, but that fee is very high. That's why in this webinar.  If the fee means 40 50 times then why pay 40 50 times the money friend, come once, you will understand everything in one and a half to two hours, then hope to see maximum. Of you and very entertaining and it will be good, definitely join the channel, subscribe, like and share, there is no investment without relationship, if the relationship is not right then it is not there, even then the relationship is nothing, if the purpose is not achieved then the relationship is bad.  Relationship has a negative impact on your investments, on your job, on your promotions, on your health, then when this thing is seen everywhere in a positive or Brothers and sisters, the doctor of relationship is bringing his workshop for you guys on 30th, I think it is Saturday at 11:30 am. Block your time for two hours. Look, I had said one and a half, now I am saying two.  It went on for two hours and the query will run, so brother, it will start once again in two and a half hours, three hours, then I will not look at the time. Okay, so you guys will enjoy it completely and if you watch it with your family, it will be very good because that  Someone, I am pro man, pro woman, anti man, anti woman, anti parents, pro parents, it is not like that, I give it with complete clarity and practical, so you along with your family will be able to see, this is my message, the whole family can sit and watch, if you are okay then come and this  What is the difference between a boy and a girl, a boyfriend and a girlfriend, I don't understand, and the girls will give me trouble, Guruji will make me sub-section 498. This is an invitation to all the people with consciousness and wisdom, who are going here, but it is free.  It is not like that, you get books worth Rs. 00 there, you will have to spend a little money here also, it is ok, you will save a lot of money in your life, somewhere you have wasted 5 years of your life and their cost is very high, so this is anti relationship, isn't it me?  I don't like girls, I do n't like boys, and those who are waiting for weddings, who don't know who will come, she wears a mask on a white horse and sings Baazigar Baazigar and Kajol songs. Okay, so see what comes out.  Baazigar is fine in the picture, so don't wait like this, you can marry the nearest Golu Molu you find and other things, I will tell you the criteria for boys and girls and your questions will also be very good. Thank you very much.