Hello friends, understand this one thing about money and investments. If I am going to tell you today, it will be difficult for me to even put a topic for it. If you see my topic, you can suggest a better topic than this in the comment section, then I will change that topic also.  I will make it, you will see because many times what happens is that your content is very clear but he does not understand what topic to do, so this is going to be a very interesting and good video on finance and you should participate in it very well and learn a lot.  I am sure you will get it, it is not a click bait job, you will get to learn very well and apart from the learnings that I will tell you, what else can you learn, you people should also tell in the comment section so that our crowd sourcing of wisdom happens  So let's start, let me start with the question and you have to tell this question very well, you have to tell the answer, Rohit and Neha, these are my characters which I always carry with me, so listen to the question carefully and answer after pausing, okay Rohit has 10  Neha has lakhs of rupees  He had Rs 50 lakhs. Rohit invested Rs 10 lakhs and after a year it became Rs 12 lakhs. I repeat, Rohit had Rs 10 lakhs. He invested it somewhere, in something and that total money became Rs 12 lakhs with Neha.  Neha also invested Rs 50 lakh and after one year in the same period the amount became Rs 54 lakh. Ok, this is a very simple question whose answer you have to type genuinely after pausing as soon as I ask it. You will understand once I give the answer.  I will give you a note, if you do it again then it is cheating, okay I have made more money, pause and answer it again, then I will ask you quickly, if you did not understand the question in one go, whoever brother Rohit had 10 lakh rupees, he should invest it once  After a year the amount became ₹ lakhs. Neha had 50 lakh rupees, she also invested it. After a year the amount became 54 lakh rupees. This is what I invested.  I have given you the information, my question is simple, who made more money, I have answered it, you all have done it genuinely, you did not cheat, very good, so I do not have any mechanism to check what answer you all gave, that was when the video was released  It will happen, you guys will answer it and only then we will know, but normally speaking, I do my webinars, conduct them, do workshops, whenever this question is asked, most of the people answer Rohit after using their mind, it is okay whereas the answer is not Rohit, the answer is Neha.  Hey, what, how are you saying this, Neha, hey, Rohit had invested 10 lakhs, it became 12 lakhs, so 2 lakh, 2 lakh means 20 but Neha 50 lakhs, 4 lakhs bigger is 4 lakhs, so 50 lakhs is 8 but Guruji, is it useless  The question came up, who made more money, I did not go into percentage, I did not say who made more returns, this is for 12 year old kids  When I ask them questions, all of them get right because it is simple that brother he had 10 lakhs and so it became 54 lakhs, so he earned 2 lakhs, one invested 50 lakhs and it became 54 lakhs, so he earned 4 lakhs, so who earned more money, 4 lakhs, now tell me Even after this if people do not agree on 50 and switch off then they can go now to teach what I want to teach, through this I want to tell you that you have to understand that very significant things have gone into this, what are your marks  It has nothing to do with where you are reaching 99 to 95, what is the actual absolute knowledge, don't know how much you can monetize, there is a game of percentage going on everywhere, this mutual fund people are doing it in percentage.  They also take illegal advantage of this, the fund has good returns every year, they will promote it, these people have opened 3000 funds, I will try to expose them separately again, by the way I have told you all about this in my webinars  I have explained things in etc. but if I ever feel like it, I will tell you. I want to ask you that if you want me to make a dedicated channel, then tell me if my subscribers have a demand for it. Otherwise, I will keep giving it here little by little because the finance channels are finance influencers. Apart from marketing of apps and financial products, you are not teaching anything, take this, take that, if you invest in mutual fund like this then this will happen, hey anyone can see that with a calculator, friend, beyond that how many videos and Excel will you explain, I mean  I am telling this directly to Ankur Vaari ji here, I mean 3 crore subscribers, not three, but 30 lakh 30 lakh subscribers were collected just like this, just by telling the children that if you invest money like this, it will happen like this, they can earn money from that.  They can actually put it, beyond that also I will put a clarity video, what can happen and why, so let's move forward, what do we learn from this that we have to reach such a price point and such a net worth or such a thing that there we have to get a  thing you will agree that at 20  To get returns, you will have to take a little more risk as per the risk reward ratio and to get a return of 8, you will have to take less risk. We accept this much that as the risk in the sense of returns increases, so does the risk reward ratio.  We should calculate that if I hit a number of higher net worth quickly then I can earn more money in absolute terms because when I go to the market to buy something and spend money, nobody shopkeeper has got how much percentage of returns Is it not interested in how much it is in absolute terms, there is interest in that, now let us put this in real estate and see, in real estate the property gave a return of 10 per cent, the property worth one crore gave a return of 10 per cent, so now that property worth one crore gave a return of 10 per cent, that means  There has been an increase of 10 lakh rupees, but brother, you only had Rs. 1 lakh and you took a loan and you still have to pay that money, meaning you have to pay that one crore in four years, so you have to pay 25 lakhs every year and  Mutual You bought an investment of 5 lakh rupees in the fund, or you bought an investment of 10 lakh rupees from some banks and even if the return came at 25%, still the increase was only of 1.5 lakh rupees, no, no, but if you take a loan there, then the interest on the loan will be there, yes, yes, I know it, Baba.  I know the interest rate on loan is also 85%, out of which income tax rebate is also available and those interest rates can also come down in the coming time, but leverage is being used in that property, I never tell you to sell it at 10%.  It increased after selling lakhs and you can run away, it is not that easy in resale, there also sell sell sell g, I know everyone will say that brokerage has to be paid to the broker, that is GST EDC and then it will become distress sale, in actual you will get only 3 lakhs and the rate  I understand all those increases but what I am trying to say is over a period of 15 years if you look at it or 20 years because even mutual fund people say 20 years or long term so if you are looking at long term here  If we look at the case of  The rental returns which come at 4 and 35 look like innocent returns and do not look like much, even in 89 years the rental doubles and that too at three and a half or four or 3 and a half if it is in Mumbai then it is not of Mumbai  Baba, I am talking about Delhi, I am not talking about Delhi, there are many places at 6 rupees too, there is a property on rent at 6 rupees inside the metro, if you want to know about it, that city is Kolkata, so call me, I will tell you the property at 6 rupees.  I can tell you the 6 taka one where the interest rate is also there and your capital appreciation will also be there, you will also get rental rate and you will get the money in 4 years and the property is worth 49 lakh 48 lakh and that will be an ideal case for me if I ever invest in it with mutual fund.  If I compare and tell the returns, I will make a separate video because I still do not want to take the help of Excel and presentation. The deliberation thing is that the audience who cannot understand everything without the help of Excel and presentation is my audience.  No, that's why I am sitting here with less than 2 lakh subscribers, so my talks are also very sweet, good and sensible and if I keep on doing shik shik then I too can reach 20 lakhs, but they do n't care, they are those people who  They are lazy people, meaning if you need a calculator to answer 23 * 23 then it is not a good thing, if you need a calculator to tell 2424 576 then that is not the audience, you are fine, so the simple thing is that in real estate You can use leverage and secondly, you can learn another thing from this that if you have hit a sweet spot for your portfolio by 35 or 40, then even if you grow at 9, 10, 12 and let that portfolio hit its sweet spot  The net worth which is called has become close to 4 crores, so if it appreciates even at 10, in which there is a special house in which you live, it will not be counted in the net worth, apart from that, suppose there is property  There are shares, there is demat, there is PF, there is debt, there is gold, so and so, I got everything, Sovan Gold Bond, all those alums and all, together you get 4 CR, so even if I hit 100%, my net worth will increase in that, then my net worth will be 40 lakhs.  If it is increasing then even if I am sitting on a job of 40 lakh rupees per annum, which is a quite decent package of 40 lakh rupees, even then my net worth is increasing more than my package. This should be the reason for leaving the job, so even now I will not say anything Keep doing that, but now the job will be done with great love because there are 40 lakhs in the job, whose total income is 40 lakhs, it does not go in the pocket, income tax will also be deducted from that, you mean 15-16 lakhs, then income tax will be deducted from that, right?  Then you will get that 25, even in 25, the expenses will be yours, then the savings will be yours in the package of 40 lakhs, cross the limit, even 15 is difficult, especially if you have kids, two kids and are living in a big city. Your net worth is increasing by 40 years, so your main aim should be to earn more and save to reach a good net worth, within which if you want to reach this level by the age of 40 years, then you will have to take the help of real estate.  If you are buying real estate in 38, 39, 40, you still have to take a loan for 15 years, when you have to buy a loan for 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28 years, there are influencers like Warku ji and finance experts like him, because why am I taking their names?  I am okay because these people are ruining everything by taking the broad wisdom of the West which even the West does not follow, they are telling some people that mutual funds are right or not, this is right, I will expose all their secrets that what is this whole game  Bad game, okay it is the biggest scam of India and how it is, I will also explain it to you people, if you want it then write it down by saying MF scam, you will have to tell me because till now if there is any biggest 1.5 crore scam in independent India This scam is happening in our country, that scam, fodder scam, coal scam, 3g, 4g, 5g, 2g, Damad ji, have you heard some stories, but no one knows about the brother one, and I will tell you how it is being done, why it is being done.  He is going there without any reason, without taking the name of such speculative things whereas SEBI is there, everything is there, even SEBI does not know about it and I mean whatever I will tell you, you all know that thing and no one discusses about it, so if they wanted  If it is there then I will tell you, okay let's move ahead, so in this, if someone deprives you of real estate in 22 to 28 to 30 years, then brother, your loan will never end, by taking any property loan, we can give you  I have seen from the data of all the banks that loans are taken for 15 to 20 years, but the average loan tenure is called T E N O R, not tenor, normally it is 8 to 9 years, because it has been seen normally  Salary income in 8 to 9 years etc. increases, inflation increases, people prepay, rental increases, own rent increases or the rent from that property doubles, if there was earning, then it would have been paid early, no one runs a loan for 20 years, it's fine  If someone else is driving the vehicle then he is taking more property against him and is embroiled in lapsed fraud. Otherwise the average is 9 years. So if you have bought the thing till 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30 then you can buy it till 31.  Even if you take this, you are loan free till 40 years. You have a house, that house has a net worth, the income of that house is transferred to equity market. I'm again using the word equity because I'm not a fan of mutual funds. Okay, this AMFI registration AR.  I have been carrying numbers etc. for many years. Many people ask me every time what is my qualification, but I don't feel like telling them that they have official qualification to do all these works.  I left it and then I realized that this is not a good thing. Okay, so beyond that I will continue making videos depending on how much you are able to digest this video because the bundle of knowledge should be opened only where that bundle of knowledge is.  You can call it a buyer or someone is standing there saying this one, yes friend this one, tell me, he is not telling us by repeating like this but we are able to understand the things because nothing is coming from anywhere, neither music is coming nor background  I am getting very excited, I am telling you the main thing very simply and easily that how much the money grows in absolute terms is important, percentage has no meaning, if you invest one lakh rupees and get 100% return and it becomes two lakhs then there is no point in investing.  You cannot leave your job, you cannot leave India and settle in Switzerland, okay just because your returns have become so high that you have become the richest investor who has very high returns, if you look at Warrant Buffett, he gives returns on all 20  There are returns only on 17, 18, 19 and in that too dividend income plays a very big role. So if you want to discuss on dividend paying stocks, dividend yield, free cost shares etc then please write in the comment section. Never go for money in absolute terms.  Ever do this equity vs real estate never ever to we are like I always say taking my example people of Haryana we will eat rasgulla as well as kheer or gulab jamun as well and halwa as well but one thing we never say gulab Jamun versus it is winter now so Gulab Jamun versus Carrot Halwa we don't do this, we say son there are only two bowls, only one bowl, do n't you have two bowls, I will take both, I will eat both, who said this is good, that is good, both are good, both  It has its own taste, why burst the stomach by taking too much of one, you can take both a little bit, if you buy real estate also, but what happens is that first the equity does not remain with the man because how can one buy real estate in equity so much  It is expensive, yes, I will teach you how to buy it. I will also teach you how to buy real estate without a lot of money. I have a video on Sango Life Sat, it has probably got 6.5 lakh views, I tried to explain a little there. Where is that video, I don't even know, it keeps playing a lot, I am not able to find it, but right now I will tell you guys according to the latest 2024 data, how to buy property without money, hey, you can not take a loan but also a loan  I will not tell you, well I don't even have a loan, then what, do they grow on trees by magic, yes how does real estate grow on trees and how to pluck it, only then will it be fun, otherwise what is the benefit, so please do write, share and comment in the comment section In the section Subscriber Info Webinar Group you will find a link, beyond that I keep conducting educational webinars, sometimes free, sometimes for a small fee, so you can join by clicking on the Thank You URL