Hello friends, now I will tell you 30 giving concepts which are very unique concepts, I will explain them to you well and till then stay connected, there will be only a little order thinking, the topic will remain, catch these two words and understand sir, the tribulation and peace of life is very relaxing in between them.  The video is about to happen, don't watch it while running around. If you are in such a situation that right now, noise, alcohol, left and right, then watch it calmly and comfortably at night. It is not necessary to watch it now or if you have curiosity.  It's a wake up call, watch it again now, because if you watch it calmly, you will understand the thing. This one is a concept. Catch the word G2. There is a contradiction between the two in English. It is called oxidation in English but all the human emotions are like this. Belonging to all of us.  There is a need for the next and there is also a need for freedom and whatever troubles are going on these days, it is because of who does not understand this concept, it is a belongingness, this is freedom, in the old times 200  300-400 years ago, Belonging Next was very important, there was very little freedom, so you belonged to a community, you belonged to a caste, you were put in a dhare in it and there you were told how to do it, so you had a lot of sense of belongingness, community living.  You knew very well that you belong here, individual freedom choice was very less, then the French Revolution happened, I completed it by going into history and  I will keep ATP as practical and not academic. Whatever happened at that time, I must have felt it in my own time. After independence, after 47, I must have seen it in India also. Brother-in-law had a sense of belonging. There was a lot of sense of belonging within the village but within the community, but their rules and regulations were joint family.  There was father, there was grandfather, there were those brothers, everyone will earn money here, dog and this is how the house will run like brotherhood, brotherhood, those times were good, many people liked it but in that  There was no individual freedom, there was a lot of element in Belonging, both are required and its biggest contradiction is that every time you want belongingness, whether you want to get a job in any institution, whether you are in inter relationship, marriage at the moment, you are married. Belongingness has to increase but individual freedom, caste is a trade off, this is a thing I have to understand and if you understand it then you will understand what alone  Because there is one more in me, body, me, freedom, belongings, it is not a story, without one, there is no happiness in it, there is no power, and without one, there is no happiness in the happiness of freedom, so who is the best relationship and what do you have to do? What is the take away because my audience is also children, 30 middle age group and also scenery citizens sir, one off for everyone, very future for this, this for women, this for this, my irrespective off for everyone.  Gender and further IT is applicable, so you have listened carefully, you must have been enjoying till now, now how do we discover, you must have understood the thing a little bit, yes I want you because clean is normal only you go, video belongs to you.  Belong Tu Rohtak Belong Tu Aap Raho Story in New Zealand Auckland Belong Tu Jaipur NRI's Jo Yeh Puri Movies Of Shahrukh Khan That DDLJ And That Pardes Se And That Saree Jo NRI  What was the emotion of community that brought out the belongingness? Sada pind mera pind mere pind di memories. There is a sense of belonging but freedom is also needed but those are also memories. So how is its balance and how should it be maintained? We will discuss it a little further where  Complete Unfortunate, does whoever is giving you the feeling of belonging want to take away your freedom because from here you need the feeling of suffering, good child, good to you.  You have to become our child, you have to become a good wife, you have to become a good husband, you need a tag, you have to belong here, you have to use our surname here, you need property, this is your brother, then freedom is yours.  Now children who are not ready to have freedom, many people will give them only freedom, financial freedom, this freedom is very less, these people are satisfied and content, you Sachin extend. Ready to give their leaves if you know them, make a regiment, recite some of your words, recite a platoon, where the spot of freedom in your belonging has gone, your saree, when you join the army, if individual freedom is too much, caste is too much, too little is caste, it is okay.  But belongingness is so extreme that you are ready to give up your life for each other. If you are ready to take life for each other, then how is it an extreme? See, I am such a guru, I am explaining it to you friend.  This is good, this is bad, this has to be done, this is bad, this is not this, this is not that, we have to understand the concept, we have to find our happiness, we have to find our peace, okay, life can go like milk, take out sweets from it, power is there, butter can be taken out.  If you have the power to extract curd, if milk gets fat then cheese can also be extracted. You should know how to extract it, then Guruji from Gurgaonity is telling you what to extract, how to extract it, in which situation, you have to understand, for this we are in Every Time Belonging.  If we go to the story, we will give up our freedom, if we run after freedom, our belongingness will reduce. We have to go into those relationships, we have to go into jobs, we have to go with those people, we have to go into the ecosystem where we get belongingness and we have individual freedom.  The best situation is to live with such people where everyone likes them. If you children think that they are birds of a ship, they will fly. They are birds of a ship. Belonging is on the ship itself because it feels fresh. Water is the same meeting, okay, then it will fly away, then it will come on the ship there, okay, so what do we do in this, first of all comes the rule of parents, they have such a relationship that they can give, now what if you give someone the feeling of belongingness.  If you give him a feeling and give him freedom, that person will connect with you. The best way to attract people is that you should not be too mental. Don't make such rules and regulations for them. This is not to be done otherwise I will be with you.  Such people create a peaceful life  I will get the same, they will get it in their families, they will get it in this marriage that yes, I am your husband, what job do you have to do, what less do you have to do, okay, the child is small, let's see him, I will do like this, I am my working SP, he is also giving freedom when  The husband is giving freedom and giving the feeling of belonging. In this relationship, which is called big, he should have more responsibility. The wife also has to say that I am your wife, you belong to me, so I will not complain about everything.  Papa, did you spend your little bit of money on them? Gave ₹ 5100 to my sister on Rakshabandhan, gave her a suit, so I will not complain in your name, you have so much freedom and YouTube question, is n't everyone on?  Want to do registry, do n't I have this feeling, so I do consultation, for me, I can see through it in a minute, what is the problem?  Do you want anything from me? I will not give you the feeling of belongingness. Every person needs freedom. So, if you want your relationships to be good, then introduce this concept in your family and tell me, brother, how much freedom should be given where.  To what extent is it justified to reach freedom, to what extent is it justified to keep it in this belonging, as if whoever is the head of the house is the father of the house, do your round table conference, dining table, our little coolness, this is a blessing.  That's all, now how much freedom is this, tell me, it means you can stay out of the house till 8:00 pm without telling where and discuss, make your own and when you will see for yourself, yes friend, I am getting some freedom, let's meet by talking in written type.  It has been said that yes, there will be no trouble for this much, the wife will not be listed for this much, father will not list for this much, the youth who are our next generation will not go astray, otherwise they will go astray, there are many people who are trying to instigate them because this  Knowledge Now I am giving it from the original tee in a logical way, now where am I getting this from? People have to understand one thing, it is not necessary that all the old knowledge which is written in the big book, he was very great and that too.  We were humans, we were humans' children, we too are humans and we too are humans' children, today we can wake up from our conscious and do some things and take something new which is not practical for us, it is not necessary that it reduces the old one, it is okay, there were no mobile phones, right?  He didn't have much on time. He didn't have much time on time. Well, there was no internet yet, neither could we talk to each other like this, nor now a Guruji could teach only 100 people under a tree and he had to roam around and roam around, then in 50 years he would go and do something about it.  Ideology theory was divided and little was happening here, it is happening very fast, so time is only changing, so we are changing from time, these are the best times, if we look at this kind of thought process and these  We will also learn the concepts of Belongingness, this is the ultimatum of freedom, date, happy moment, okay, not belonging, you are the other big note, doing Shaadi Charan, bald, me, body, me, mind, my will, my book, there is fulfillment in it, there is no purpose, there is a story, there is nothing to be, because there is ultimate emptiness.  Hi rahna hai tu match ware only de belongingness is brother-in-law and brother-in-law is no human freedom nothing you can do you bill again This is absolute freedom, this is absolute belongingness that only this story has caught hold of belonging. In the middle of this we have a sliding scale and we have to operate on it and that Harley will be a little different in every situation because I mean not like you belong, you match you.  I am institution where I am right because date can change so same should I be in fear be I like some freedom in marriage I am willing  You give up a little beat more freedom because here I have to tweet this to you people, change these things, you people will not find the formula from each one that I tell my parents, wife, children, brothers, sisters and to bow down before them.  I am ready to adjust as much as I am to my friend or acquaintance or distant relative or public and there is no bad thing in it and from this think happens across the community this also we do that.  Caste, religion, we too, it happens, no, not like this, oh brother, it must be, maybe you are the king, you are the Prime Minister, you are in that position, then you should not be I, I am the minister, I am the minister of, or you are the one, then you are the one for everyone.  It should happen then you should not think that I belong to the state and it is so because you have reached this level but for the rest of us, it is natural for us, it is natural for us, in this we do not have to think why this should happen.  Used to be  If I am from Haryana, it is okay, no matter how much I awaken my guru element, it is okay, it will awaken a lot, I have become a very high level guru, although I am thinking that I am going in his direction, I myself realize that when the people of my community People from my state, after connecting with me, think that maybe something special will happen for them, the story is ok in some way, in my consultation fee or in pricing, I actually don't like it that much, you be this think so.  My sense of belonging is fading from here, I am moving towards freedom, but this is individual choice, individual choice, then I have that identity from within, all this, there was also a third element in it which I had added now, it would have been very orderly.  And there will be confusion, gradually when we move forward, he will also put that identity with whom you identify, who you are, with your gender.  Do you identify more or are you identifying with your chair position that you have got in the society, whether you are an officer or a VP in a company, a CEO or a scenery employee, whatever you are, it means you are identifying with it, it is fine.  You should be more antifa with your money because if a man identifies more with money then it is a business transaction, then your second blocking in it is where has your belongingness gone? Now if I do, then there will be confusion.  If it goes then I will stop it, I left a hint ahead that there was a third variable, so now I have not told the simple equation, friend, understand this much, then we will also add the third variable, there is a fourth variable, there is a lot of variable in this way, life is very layered, it is simple like this. Whatever I am saying cannot be understood like this, I cannot explain these things through animation, nor am I doubt, doubt, educated, this is my speech, your concentration should be on my body only.  If you understand the language, emotions and energy, it will be easier for you to understand and I have a request, please make a copy, make a notebook, make a notebook, make notes, because this is not what you get in the book, I am also not going to write this original inside.  Observations and insights have come from this site of this world, this story is not just like that, I just wrote the story and no no, it is from the reality of life, yes, it is our emotions and  This constant - meeting people, being jealous, understanding their pain and suffering, giving consultation, all this comes out of those things, okay, my happiness course is one of my own, I think it can be a legendary course, okay, and I do not do any advertisement for it, no Google ad.  Nothing is fine but I think not even a single person is disappointed, many people have done it, if you want to see that happiness course, then you want to take one for free, then you will get it through up and if  There is also a part of platinum membership, you will get to see it also, then you can take platinum membership in other way but interested in doing date happiness course which has bin record it is in seven class which further bin kid classes are also there and it gets you happiness in  Then and it makes your consultant also date is a surprise elite of date you become a consultant and you can Start earning money from people is fine and that is medicine and there is a lot of reasoning, it is not that ₹ 10 lakh is nothing, platinum membership is nothing, enjoy whatever you see, make notes and see, you will work hard is what I tell my people.  In that, the one who makes notes, the one who makes notes, the classes of life are over, now in life you are 25 years, 30 years, 35 years, you have lost your job, you will get married, you will have children or you are 45, 50 years old. Now let's say notes, but now I am going to tell you one thing, remember that the person who makes notes, only those notes are useful. Brother, what is to be done, what is to be done, to make notes on your own.  What to do inside will come, it will come automatically, those who want to take platinum membership can join or can take it very easily by pressing the join button. Those who take it can connect me on WhatsApp platinum group.  I will connect you people, I will keep bringing some abstract topics like this, no one is bringing, no one is explaining, I also feel that maybe not so many people will understand and subscribe like this, it's okay, this is my name.  What I do is okay, you people only a little bit of mine is what you people call your own Chetan Jagan This is date exact word When people say na witch is a good word is okay Something from within Jagan is okay  It is okay to awaken consciousness and make notes with your intelligence and discretion and see that I can take control in life. Every video of mine I want that audience should start getting more control. Don't meet me there if there is a ticket of ₹ 2500.  Let us come together and do not create any organization or any cult or any institution of our own because it is the institution that benefits from the institution. All the institutions that are running till date have only benefited the institutions, a little or a little.  They feed and drink, they do not do anything charitable. Thoughts which are but other vices, if not much has changed, then it would have been visible in the country because heaven is visible only by killing itself. Proverb: If you want to see heaven itself, then see it yourself.  The story has to die and if someone else does something, it will not happen, then you do the hard work of M.S. Off course, there is some element of relief in it, okay, to bring 90% free content, there is also 2% content stomach, okay, so that it can be more  If it can be understood well then I hope those who are connected are all good taken happiness and enjoyed please write in the comment area ok rest of you guys when you attended live there was very good feedback people are also enjoying the rest of the recordings which are platinum  If you have taken membership then do not forget to check it, those classes are available there along with the classes and they are very good, there are also question answer sessions in it and there are many templates of life which are there.  Thank you for the little things that matter to you