Hello friends, this is a very important topic, especially according to what is going on in our times, this is a very practical helping video for the youth. Through this video, I will tell an exercise and a task to all the people who are preparing for UPSC Govt. Banks are preparing for jobs, Railways are preparing for anyone's job and the second thing is that the qualification is that they do not have the support of reservation, they have the support of reservation.  Keep applying, there is no problem if you fall in this category, I am telling you two to four categories, first category, you are preparing for any kind of government job, second, you do not have the support of reservation, you are not getting it.  You are not in that category, you are in the general quota, okay thirdly, you come from a middle class family, you do not come from a poor family, the poor understand what happens to the one who does not pay tax, who is poor, what you can call creamy layer, 8 lakhs. Those who come from this family, thirdly, I told you these three things and listen carefully, what you have to do is you have to do exercise. This exercise can be done easily in a week. In this you have to talk to 30 to 40 people.  You will have to do this five times daily and you will have to somehow get their numbers from your parents, relatives, friend circle, each other, whatever job you are preparing for, like whether you are preparing for Bank PO or UPSC or  If you are trying to become a person anywhere in a government system after passing the exam, you will have to talk to a person who has more than 10 years of service in it for 5 minutes, then you will have to talk to 40 people, talk to him for five to seven minutes.  So it will take 200 minutes of effort and when you prepare for so many hours, then only one part of the preparation is that you have to ask them five-seven pointed questions that how are you feeling is it worth it, I am preparing. If I get selected, what fun will it be? Will my wife also be able to get the job? Will the posting be at a small place? What are your challenges? Are you happy and you have to compete with 40 people in that same segment? If you have my challenge, my challenge is a big challenge. 33  But if people have told you, i.e. 13 out of 40 people, if 13 out of 40 people have almost told you, 13 or 14 people, guess 33.  But at 13 or 14, you should apply the formula that yes friend, you should do the job, it is fine then you prepare for that job, but if your result is that out of 40, 35 are refusing, 32 are refusing, 30 are refusing.  If you are a 40 year old or are you refusing, then you should see that the person with whom you will talk should be somewhat knowledgeable and knowledgeable. You should tell him about your family and all that. If you yourself are the child of a government employee and the child of an officer.  If yes, then you should not do it. Normally, most of the officers are not even preparing their children. This is also a fact of life. This is also a fact of life. Then don't create a ruckus here. If you don't go, no one will go, then how will there be government posts.  This does not happen, if you remove the salary of ₹ 1000000 Agniveer, people will still stand there, there is a lot of poverty in the country, dyspareunia, ask once, now on this counter, people immediately ask whether they are from a private job or not. Government jobs are very good, there is so much stress in private, there is so much work in private, in private the boss sucks blood, in private, listen, now with all force, government jobs are also being made like this, so that this thing can happen, we saw how in Bangladesh.  What happens in reservation and all that so that it becomes clear to the youth that now everyone will be made the same and will say that instead of talking about work life balance in your private sector, work life balance in government.  It is being shaken Saturday morning, your work will be done, seen in Covid, a government employee has to do the work, a private one can still say, I will not be on the job tomorrow, a government employee cannot leave the job even if he wants to, there are many such departments where Even if a government man wants to leave his job, he cannot do so. There are rules and regulations to decide when to leave. In a private job, you can leave within two minutes. In a government job, there is security only in the job, there is no security in posting, you risk your entire life.  The country will not change in managing the posting. The one who has got good, he wants to stay in the good, the one who has got bad, he wants to go from bad to better, he has to stay away from the family. In many government jobs, his life is being spent in managing the posting.  It is not worth it, if you are poor then what is there in you too being poor that there is a jump in social status which can be achieved anyway and you cannot do any business, that is a different thing but tell me practically. This is Mukherjee Nagar, this is Old Rand Nagar, I live here, invest 10 lakh rupees, pay rent, pay coaching, waste 5-7 years, I will not even suggest doing business anywhere else, people say, it is not so easy but on work.  You can do your own work and business. There is a difference between self- employed. Doing your work alone and taking money as per the project is called gig economy or you can do a private job. You can do your work by doing a job. You have to focus.  Youth have to focus on earning money, not on becoming something, life will be set. If you talk to any government employee, life is not set with him, posting can happen anytime, no matter how good the city is, the government quarters will be inferior in it.  If the window opens, it will not close. If it is closed, it will not open. So many of them will come out from inside the geyser. Plaster will be put in the house and it will look as if you had seen the parrot ad that the parrot has got dandruff. It is falling from above, okay?  If you are in bad condition then why should I not do it? Why should I not do it? Why should I not do it? Why should I not do it? Why should I not do it? Why should I not do it? What harm is being done by motivating it? Motivate it not motivating. If there is no posting then the house is bad there also, similar type of work is being done there too but mostly check the place in which you are going, why are you comparing the perks of this government job?  Privileges and the status and the place you are getting with what I am saying is when you are joining this if you are going to join bank PO then child you have three places in Maharashtra Mumbai Pune Nagpur After that there are many places which are not named  People have heard that Maharashtra is progressive, I am not telling you to go to North East or there, I am not telling you to go to Jharkhand, I do n't even know where the posting will be done there and then there is sycophancy.  Sycophancy and your boss is not good, then your posting is bad. How many people are identified one after the other. In any job, if you have got it after working hard for 7-8 years, then it does not seem bad in the first year, you are getting the salary, but you are getting it. Gradually the realization comes that those with you are doing better by moving ahead, if they live at the same place then they can change jobs and their wives can also do jobs. Their children should also not change schools. Then when she has to pick up her family and move around, she has to do this every year for two or three years, then it is a big trouble. Bureaucrats are poor devils. Not even six months have passed since the posting, there was some flood there, something else happened, DSP, sorry, SP, DC or someone else.  And the officer in two minutes because that public outrage, whatever happened, what is his fault brother, but we have transferred everyone, whatever happens, the transfer of DC is such that people are appointed for DC DC and then transfer, transfer.  After standing in a line somewhere, then you are half depressed, how many people is this happening to, is it worth it, see if you are a reservation person then enjoy your chances are better, work hard, if you are a reservation person and if you are a  I come from a very poor family, so whatever happens now, it will be better because tell me Guruji, there will be a roof there, some of the paint will come off, so see the condition of my house, I have a tin roof, at least I If I am an Aadhar Adhikari, I don't even travel on a scooter. At least I will get a car. It doesn't matter if I get Desire level, Desire is also not a bad car. It is not necessary that it is bigger or better than that or it is Kastha or something like this.  If you get a car of this type, it is not available to any officer in the beginning, then we will manage the work in it, it is fine for him, it is fine for him, he should do it, but if your work is decent, then it is fine work. what is the definition  You will decide this. Normally, I can say that your parents are not very dependent on you. Financially, even if you get a job for Rs 40,550, the starting price will be Rs 60, but that too will be one and a half to two and a half. You will live in proper civilization. You will be buried in the jungle and mountains.  Won't eat in the forest, it feels good to go for a walk in the mountains to calm your mind when you are in a big city for 300 days, 350 days.  But when you live for 300 days, 400 days, you are not 400 days at all. You have to spend 300-350 days in these jungles, mountains or in a small town and you yourself are born in a big city. It is depressing. I am dealing with true cases.  That's why I am telling you, I am indifference, I am saving all the money, there is no work, but brother, you have to go to catch the bus, which is 10 kilometers away, then by bus and then to the railway station again.  There is no flight 50 kilometers away, 200 kilometers away, 300 kilometers away. To go to your home or when you come back from vacation, you will have to use all the modes of transportation which we read in the charts, which children learn in KG etc.  Whether it is horse cart and then the bullock cart, small tempo, big tempo, bus and train, all will be used. In such places, there are very few people in such places and in such places, even mobile phones do not work, sometimes it is good.  Yes, there is such a place in India where one has to sit under a tree, go here, here is the signal, here is the signal, there is work like this, there is work like this and there is different stress in it, there are the bankers, there are the bankers, I made a video on the bankers, it has become a super hit. Bring a target and open an account. Where did you get the target from? Brother, they are not getting any taste of life. Where will life insurance be sold from? Will you sell them a loan? Will you sell them a loan wherever you live? In Gurgaon Delhi, people buy a loan.  We buy a house, buy a car, in the houses where you are posted, there is nothing in the PSU, there is silence, very very poor people are also becoming unhappy in 15 years, the very poor are leaving the house and  It is coming with the help of reservation and that too is getting fed up in 15 years. It is getting fed up. Those who seem to be stuck in their jobs, want to prepare for VRS and want to follow its criteria, then that is it.  Beyond that, the video will also be available. Write the VRS you want to take on the comment section so that I can tell you that it is not worth taking it because this government job is like riding a lion and riding a tiger. It feels like a lot of fun.  I feel that the lion will eat or leave it, it gets married or does not get married and gradually the wife in small towns does not come because the girls these days, if you are a well-to-do city boy, then you marry a girl from the village.  not doing you  I also know, but your job is at the village level, then which city girl will come to the village, everyone will go away, after staying for one or two to six months, she is going through depression and marital issues and when she got married, she had worn an apron.  And he was told to the girl that no, this is the first posting, this is the second posting, she will be in a big city, she is a government job, look, marriage is a matter of chance, or if you are a government servant, then marriage is definitely there.  It was done but posting was not done because many people are not able to do so. Now posting is not being done. He is sitting alone. He is married. He is not getting hot food. He has no sex life. No marital life. No. Depressed, what to do with him too, what to do like this? Brother, don't tell me, Guru ji, she has gone, she is teaching in school, in school, in the city, she is saying that if you want to come, then you are not supposed to come, posting will be seen, my posting is not happening, what should I do, tell me what is happening.  you for five years  I was determined to do it inside her, then I thought of you. Many people have left private jobs and even left good jobs because their family members said, take it, take it, the dynamics are changing. I have included criteria in this.  And this is my campaign which will continue. In the next four years, government jobs will become such that even if they are available for free, people will not like to do it. Will there be a commission on the 8th, brothers and sisters? According to you, it will not come according to me. Accord formula will be applied. That's what you want in the video. It is not good for a government servant to speak like this. Government employees say, ' Employee, Government Employee, OK. For a government employee, if you want, I will tell you the same. There will be nothing to look at.' Increment on forward and 3 has to be done. On July 1, there cannot be five instead of three. Do something and then that.  When your growth is so limited and on 3rd, only D increases on basic and your DA increases once on 3rd and once on 34, that too increases on basic, which is a part of the total salary.  If there is a particular part, then your total salary is not increasing as much as the inflation. Brothers, the government officials are not beating the inflation. No, the inflation is at 6-7. Guruji.  You probably get seven, but you are not getting even six or seven. Plus the inflation at your level is at 121 and that is at 6-7. So for the poor, for the very poor, what is the price of flour, pulses and petrol?  It has increased by the same amount if you have to travel somewhere, put your child in some good place, wear clothes, buy a mobile, that one is more expensive due to inflation, then you, the government people, are becoming poor which the government officials could have bought 20 years ago.  If he is no longer able to buy real estate through cheese lets, if he is not able to buy half of it, that means the price has gone out of the market, then doing a government job in the market means becoming definitely poor in the long term. In the long term, the per capita GDP of the country will increase.  But the per capita GDP is saying that it will double in the next 6 years, that is, the average will increase at 13-14, if yours is not increasing even at 6-7, then you  100% are going to be poor, they are not going to be sure shot, government servants get the same, for that, that program is also ending, it will happen everywhere and in the future, how come you do n't know that, uncle, uncle, find out.  Call me, check that also, do that exercise, call me, check if yes, program, it is not worth it, that is the message, nobody is going to tell you, this coaching institute will never tell.  Yes, these coaching institutes are not telling that their living depends on it, no, no, if there is nothing, then there will be experience, there will be nothing, there will be experience, the line of has been now becoming a villain is the line of Divya Kriti ji, many people are getting irritated, there will be experience, what will he do? Why are you attracting people because of experience, it means you are giving a gamble of % and it means people are also ready to play, it is a wonderful attraction power, increase knowledge, it is very good, it is very good. Don't play this game is my message because even if you win there is no good feeling coming off it even after winning because you talk to 40 people who have won the job game in the government. If 13 people tell you to do it brother.  So continue and how low cut off I have set is number 13 out of 40 let 13 people say yes there should be a clear yes do n't say round words yes or  No, clear it and see, you understand, it depends, think, it is good in the beginning, then it gets bad, do it now, then leave it, it is not clear cut, it is okay, clear cut is a clear cut advice from my side, the answer is no, if you are okay.  The family belongs to Don't even try to leave it for the poor and the poor have also become accustomed to this. After a few years, he will also feel poor. Yes, once he will feel that he has achieved something, but that realization will be a secret.  Let me leave one more thing for you guys or is it a long video, if you want to know the secret of government job which no one will tell and this video of 5 minutes will become a big secret, if you want then tell the secret in the comment section.  Write it down and I will reveal the secret. It will be fun. No one has told it to anyone. Till today I will tell it. Thank you very much.