Hello friends, there is a belief system that one should always appreciate others. There is a lot of knowledge in the books of the British and perhaps the British have also started changing it. Here, by cutting and copying and pasting the same knowledge, these people are getting hold of it.  It feels natural to praise everyone. Everyone likes to hear praise. You will also benefit from this because he will think about you like this, he will think like that about you, it will come out less. I think it's a good thing. Wrong Believe System: Giving false praise to others or giving praise even where it is not necessary is not required. It makes you a good person and someone who is being praised does so because you must have seen the American culture. You must have seen this culture, that, that. This is not in Asian culture. Actually, in our country, what I am teaching you is not that this is a thing, it never existed, it is being promoted, so I am trying to stop it.  I am saying that this disease has not yet become so serious, we may still condemn it, it is not like this, the Asian culture and especially the culture of our country India is not so much but this disease is just starting. Because of the West, what is theirs, they are feeling so miserable most of the time, everybody late, they all say that I should not praise, do praise, and it is catching on India, but its disadvantages are that now children like party.  Let's separate in some function, in a game in school, we have started getting participation certificates, we have participated, we have finished third, we have got some ahead in the section of small class, we have got some ahead and some, he spends a lot of time, he is very ruthless, till the age of 21-22 years.  You live in a very protective environment, when you come to the market after doing 22, 23, 24, in the job market, in worldly affairs, in real life, then there is no forced money here due to great resentment.  Does anyone get these children who are coming here? I am addressing the youngsters. If you are a parent, then you also have to tell this thing to your children that you have become ruthless here, brother, there is no appreciation here and when you are forced to take appreciation. What is habit and entitlement like? People do not have freedom. There will be no moral load on the child. Appreciate him, condemn him, put him down, break his morale. This is a very different thing from Do forced appreciation. You have to understand that those around you who see you should also touch you. If the boss laughs at anyone in any situation, then all the sycophants are flattered because appreciation is also sycophancy and they do not deserve it, it is nothing, it is this.  There is a different way of saying that sycophancy is non-appreciation if someone is more powerful than you and older than you, we call it sycophancy.  But they are also talking about doing good for their younger ones. They say that you should do it for the elders because it is a compulsion. Do it for the younger ones too, so give them full good about it too. Don't do full good out of compulsion, neither give full good to the ones above.  To the people below, your one thought is not that you all will become construction, but another of yours is that you will be your advice will be the seat's brother, go to this guy or this girl, boy, man, woman, whomever you go to.  Tell him this is right and you will benefit. Someone forces you to counter it. It is an office group. You have to form a work group. Any group of yours is a family group. This is someone's small pearl of achievement. Everyone is praising you. I also try to do very good congratulation congratulation like this. People on my WhatsApp do the same to me. I also see that I give some congratulation and then people don't know what is its real meaning. Well, I spend a lot of research time.  But we should not be in a hurry to do games so soon. It means that if off course someone wins Bharat Ratna or Padma Vibhushan or someone wins World Cup or Olympic gold medal, then off course it is you who should be appreciated.  It was great but it has to be that you do not force something, otherwise my personality will become fake. Everyone says to Americans, I am now carrying the country, this is what they generally say.  Date Fake Americans First he has become associated with the country Fix Smile Fake Appreciation is too much and they have made it that they should do it, so they get short time, they praised me, it becomes our nature, then we always start doing it.  And then the world tells you, then what is the point in speaking sweetly, what does it want? Later you come to know about many things that something is not visible immediately, otherwise you become like that, but you become like this. In this, we have to praise everyone, just as there are people who do evil, they have to do evil everywhere, here I am not at all asking you to do evil, you should not do evil unnecessarily when no one has asked you that.  You don't have to do this too and if you start appreciating forcefully, then date her, make her a bigger message, then do this to her, like a mental model, to this belief system, to this mental model, you use all the mental models.  A series is also being made, now I am slowly adding subtitles to all the mental models in English because it makes it richer, so if you have bin a South Indian audience and end audience which has difficulty in understanding a little English, sorry Hindi. Aati hai to woh titles bhi hai subtitles bhi a jaayenge very small video but they all convey lord of meaning and inko diary and note it on and try doing this End C D Personality change will appear, but turn off this narrative and see what I am telling under end logic, that is, the appreciation should be uniform and genuine and when opinion is asked, do not apologize like this, it was very good.  But don't talk like this in your man, don't live life in diplomacy, this is what I am telling you, I have become a big personality, come in my family but I  Have actually made living and money out of technicality, you guys also make money because people will advise you forcefully, don't do this, I am of you understand, if you don't agree with this for some reason, then if it's a one line reason, please tell me.  No, no, I have to speak well because I have been told that there is no harm in speaking well. We are the one whom you are forcefully speaking good to, who is as good, no, you do not give him exact feedback. And in this, I have also taught you how to take correct feedback. I have also taught you the mental model. Please try to see it in this. Thank you very much.