The general information that I have got is that IITs are not offering great packages. I have just got the information that IIT Bombay has not got placements on top 40. Can you tell me the reason? If you want to ask then you can definitely ask a question because it is the best college, so I will tell you now.  Let me tell you something, if the audience wants to hear it again, I hope it's controversial, this is in this zone, so I am the top corporate people, yes, again I can't tell their names, all the people.  So look, you cannot go into investment banking, they are looking sexy. If you are an engineer from the ground then you will have to do engineering related to the ground as well. You will have to do some work, you will have to bring engineers and you all sit like this, who knows what they say?  The top people say, Hey IT people, don't bring the reason. I said why man, he should be the best. They don't talk about the best. They say he has dreamy eyes and are bent out. They say the man has been preparing for the competition for 131 years. He came in 23 years, his juice has been exhausted, he is tired, we have to extract the juice and no one should do the work which he has learned in IIT, brother, the work is of dust and dirt, we have to sell the goods, something has to be corrected somewhere. Also, there are jobs like sitting in air condition, there are four or five people in them, people of one level will go there, that's why even the IIT people, computer engineers etc. are getting set but those who are not are now civil engineers, civil engineers are standing in the sun.  Will it be built? If a bridge is built, then in which AC will it be built? Any good building will be built, any infrastructure will be built, a road will be built, brother, it will be built in dust and soil, you will set up your cabin, engineer sir, where AC will be installed, but still you will have to wander around for four-five hours.  There is no passion in it, that passion is there in other smaller colleges which are coming from other colleges, hence there is no demand for them. Come on, the IIT people will put out some of their figures but those who are on 99 and the public are those whose What will they do if they are not getting into the top IITs? Let the IT people be the athletes. I would say to them that they are very lucky. Well, they are very lucky because why is there no pressure on them now? Those people who are successful.  When they go to college or get a job, they get worried that whether they will be good in relationships, investments or even happiness in life, those who have experienced the first few setbacks are better off than those who already know.  It turned out that if everything does n't have to be great then this is the biggest thing.