Hello friends, you must have seen that the rents are increasing pan India and many reasons have been attributed to it. Today, I am telling you one unheard region. I am also telling you one additional region which is being influenced by a number of factors and this factor is  Now he will play out further and this will increase his interest, so whatever financial money he makes, hey, the rent is only 3%, it will remain three, it will remain three for the whole life, it is the rand of different things.  Tax will be multiplied, property will also be tax multiplied, in 15 years, it is fine, in 12 years, it will be only 3%, so according to these, the house will never be worth buying because the rental lead will never be 8% of residential.  Because brother, as soon as the rent is paid, the price of the property will go up, so if the numerator is going up and the denominator is going up, then the answer will not be correct, but now this is a bit embarrassing because they have made many people lose money in two years.  Thank you has happened to many people who used to buy mutual funds. These people were playing mutual fund ship and are sitting on 2 4 5 10 15 lakh rupees and the house rates have gone from where to where. So let's talk about rent. Water happened in rent.  Region which is merging, TDS has to be paid on rental above Rs 50000, all the children, youngsters and all others who get it, get it in white, get everything.  Everyone is asking for slips, now they are asking for slips, so the landlord has his white income and if he enters into it, he has to pay tax, then he will not pay the tax since he is his own, everyone has kept it in their mind, brother, this much is my  So this is no playing because as this copycat is going to Kashi from everywhere, every time it has to be calculated and sometimes what happens is that many people have to take loan in future also, if they want to do something then they also have to show their income.  So in all these systems, because of this region, these rents are increasing because wherever you have seen in big lions, especially in Bengaluru, okay, if you have seen in Bengaluru, when a talent puts 30000 in his account, then out of 30000, 21000  The income of the landlord is Rs. 21000, if he is already in a slab and he buys multiple properties.  But ₹ 5000 tax will have to be paid so no this is being calculated by every landlord and that it is reflecting because now the ownership has gone to those people because of profiling of the next generation who are now born in 1978.  Those lands have become more and those 70-80 people are still doing less, so they have an already income, so IF.  You are born in 1970 to 1980s and you are landlord, those from 1950 are retired and some are from early 1960, those 63 are also retired, they would be 60 years old but those who are doing less now, they have one running less women.  Earlier, you used to take money in the name of your wife, the amount in your wife's name was reduced, but now as double income people increase, it also reduces.  I am here and she is becoming a young landlord. I am an actor in the sense of people. I am a millionaire. Those born after 198182 are here. I am reducing my blood pressure. You are also reducing it. There is a house, a house and there is another house, so that.  Due to having so many houses, this thing is happening in rental and in the coming time it will be like this and it will get younger in the future, today the result is now the real estate is getting picked up and it is happening because of this.  When you are suddenly increasing from rent, then money is people, its starters making sense, especially in double income, where wife's tax is also for children, your children are also tax and your rent is also for children and this is almost fast access of Mike, which is a little dr payment if you do your own tax.  Two, from that you will see demand increasing in coming times and yes, three percent will remain the same in residential in long term. But if you book flight today and make delivery in a year. If it is happening, then today its rent is this much and its value in the 3% formula is this much, then tomorrow when its rental value will increase and after a year, the rent was this much, it will become this much, now the bill will be this much B style three.  The day after tomorrow, this Hajj is more, now see, I do it like this, I am not able to see the excel, I hope you all understand, I am Sir, everyone understands, by showing something more like this, force the video.  It is not necessary to do 20 minutes and play I understood all this in very detail. I understand that if you want to understand that some freeways go without some trees and bevinas like notifications and you want to see all this then read one of my  The exclusive channel is Sango Real Estate, please subscribe to it and inside the comment area you will find a telegram group Sango Real Estate Telegram Group and you can also join it, there are notifications on it regularly, they are there regularly, they are 7280% free. Sometimes there are 10, you are 20% of the trees, which you understand like John, I teach real estate, nobody is teaching real estate in D.  Country story is not a subject at all, whereas real estate is the biggest ticket price among other persons including Mr. Mukesh Ambani ji. If he spent the most money in his personal life, then he spent the most money in building Antilia, whether rich, middle class or poor.  The expenditure has to be on real estate only. The biggest expenditure is not on marriage and children's education. They go to the next ticket price. The biggest expenditure is not on the car. Not even outings. The biggest expenditure is on real estate.  When the biggest financial decision of your life is real estate, only that should you know everything about debt, so for those people also you can join Thank You Very Match