Hello friends, we will do a deep dive analysis of Ranveer Kapoor's animal movie, the video will be a little long, there was a lot of demand, there is no review, there are 1.5 crore subscribers, Dhruv Rathi ji has also written his eighth class essay, even if there are crores of subscribers.  You are sitting with it but he has done a very juvenile review, I don't think he has even seen the picture and I waited for 8 9 10 days, let anyone say whatever he wants because  The way I explain, the way I tell, the way I analyze, no one will do it because I am India's number one clarity giver, watch the entire video, then tell me at the end, there will be an analysis of the whole movie, because many people have made it in black and white.  It has happened that whether it is good or bad, it is kept like this, we have to know that those who are liking it, why are they liking it so much and those who are liking it bad, then why are they feeling bad because the movie is worth Rs 500 crores.  It has earned more than that, the Indian box office has become 450 crores plus, the world wide has become 600 crores, the picture can even go up to 1000 crores, so what has happened, then whoever has seen the movie like I have seen it, then this  We will analyze and in this I had made notes by sitting and analyzing each and every thing from the beginning to the end. The video is already giving a disclaimer that it will be long, I will analyze each and every thing thoroughly and tell you all and enjoy.  It will come because it is called a boot licking scene, shoes chatwal with a girl is masculinity, it is saying like this, it is saying like this that we have got enough to do, objectification of female is something bad, many have written that this one will promote rape whereas like this  There is nothing in it because many people have not seen the movies like Shobha De has not seen them and if we have told something then we will discuss it very well. If you people enjoy then please press like, share and also subscribe the channel.  Let's start the presumption from a scene in the beginning of the movie. Many of you have seen it. Even if you haven't seen it, now you can hear that there is a scene in it that defending the honor of the sister being the man of the house.  Scene: I saw the movie in Gurgaon. Why am I saying the word 'Gurgaon' because this is the kind of crowd that has little corporate culture and is educated. The crowd that whistles so quickly. No, you people must have seen a lot in shorts also that people have captured that scene on video in which he is coming with a gun, his sister is inside the class and when he is coming walking, people are whistling.  They are getting happy, they are shouting, the girls are also getting happy, just like me, he went as Jagga Jasoos to make notes, why is the society liking the picture, where is the society going, because I am a social observer, I am  a social Scientist can say what is happening, I should also go and see what is happening, then when he is coming with a gun and is firing it and after that they are scared like those who were ragging his sister and people in it. Feeling very alive because inside every one of us wants to take on the bullies like this. You have to watch this. In the beginning I will tell you the background of the movie. Before I start each and every scene over the years.  Let's start with Raj and Simran, DD LJ is fine, whoever has seen it before or knows about it, when Bau ji says yes, I will take him, even then it felt strange, when Bau said no, Ranbir Kapoor is being called toxic, Amrishpuri was not toxic.  He gave birth to children in England, brought them up and went to Pind with the girls to marry the boy from there without even asking them, what do you want, girl, Simran, what do you want and lastly?  She left that hand till the moment when she realized that this other guy also should not marry her, he had beaten her and if he had refused then what would have happened had Shahrukh Khan gone and that in the train, that would happen later. Recently, Shahrukh Khan's movie Jawan has come out in Talks City, Bhagti Hai, in which the young Shahrukh Khan, who is a policeman, the one whom he is marrying, tells Nayanthara's character, 'What do I say at night, what do I become?'  I come out and he is my ladies gang and what is ours? He marries on the basis of lies. Your character of Ranbir Kapoor is a person in your face, which is not being digested by many people but many people are liking it.  Because for so many years, such pictures were being made where there was male ejaculation and the man himself did not know what he wanted to become, the youth of today and the men of today are feeling very liberated in it.  Tox City: Will he copy? What can be copied? Ranveer Kapoor's character and all those things will be told completely but I want to tell you one thing, there was a picture, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam, Ajay Devgan's character is to his wife Aishwarya Rai.  The whole picture takes her to meet her boyfriend, this is very much, he should be such a man, he should have such a big heart, in the whole movie there is nothing in the corner, nothing is her dialogue and in the end then she is running here and there.  She is running there and finally goes to him. People are saying, Hey youth, they are confused. Since that time, all the people of India are confused. All these pictures which were made were a female fantasy. This is a female fantasy only, that chiffon saree in the snow in Switzerland. These men do not visualize dancing while wearing it, women enjoy it and somewhere in the corner it is written that when you smoke, it is written that it is injurious to your health.  Don't know what will happen if they do n't write there when these girls dance in the snow in short skirts and chiffon sarees, in Yash Johar's Yash Chopra movies, you may get pneumonia, please don't follow this because females do follow these females.  Right now in winter, in December, there will be weddings in North India. Men don't know what they will be wearing and they will stand at their weddings with a cap on top and a glass in their hand and like this and ladies. See what kind of clothes she comes wearing because give her a try all that is in her mind too, I am showing this crazy thing, where is it coming from, for how long, yes, if you analyze this movie, then when things like this come up,  What a movie is being made, what a movie is being made, this was not a movie of men's fantasy, this is a man 's fantasy movie, made by men for the man, it is becoming so complete only when I watch it scene by scene.  A. I will analyze the entire movie. A male fantasy is being played out everywhere and it has never been in the movies and has never been discussed. Many people want to think and say such a thing and they are not able to do it. For example, in the first scene, I have told about it. After this, there is the clan ship brotherhood that men need that brotherhood very much these days because they have become lonely, anyone comes inside the city, anyone gets scared, threatened and there is no such brotherhood which  That if you go out of the village and associate with your cousins ​​and those who are part of the larger brotherhood, the family has become a nuclear family, then there is that kind of desire from within in North India, there is a desire in every way, that desire is also played out here.  The second thing I want to tell you is that being able to tell a girl that you love her and may be you love her broad pelvis because that is  How the DNA is propagated, I can't say it, but in all beauty, I did not always do it like this, brother, by doing 36 24 36, yes there is a requirement of the pelvis, there is biology, behind that you go anywhere, old sculptures have also been made which are of a lady.  If there is an accent of beauty, then the waist to hip ratio remains within it. If he has said this, then how can people say such a scandalous thing, you see that when in that he  He comes riding a motorcycle, wearing a jacket style jacket, so in the beginning scene, he comes with a straight face and as soon as he sees that girl, Roja's song comes and he says, ' Yaar yeh toh toh hai'  She is good but after that he does n't behave rudely. He directly asks the girl, " Brother, isn't she more yours?" Friend, your sister is looking fine to me. Someone may be mine. The brother says, "I can't tell you earlier." He says, "Yes, I agree, it's a little late. Now it's like you are boarding the train. The ticket is not direct from TT." Go and talk, you are not rioting there, they are not misbehaving by forcing me, straight face in any way, there are many people who do not do this, that means this actor is not making jalibee, in this movie he is talking straight face. Many boys like you and it seems that's why the movie is becoming a hit. Is it straight? It was like stalking earlier, tease the girl, go after the girl, misbehave, harass her, all that is talk city, straight to tell a female that.  Friend, I like you and I look like this, like this, and you should marry me, what's wrong with it, no compulsion, no coercion, no harassment at all, straight forward proposal, ultimately that girl is the one.  Brother brings her one of the scenes, after that, yes man, this comes, you like this, everyone likes it, so that is something which is important, the fourth thing which I want to tell, there is a scene in the beginning itself, Wanting Strong Assertive Sisters.  No toxic man will ever tell his sister like this, she should take over the company. A toxic man will take away his sister's share in the property, take away her sister's share in the business and will say that the sister has a wife.  Di th di stem need to come back stem we are children we are everything we are the men we are the boys we own everything tu ja which man is a man who is telling the sister ki tu kya yeh yeh jis bad hai yeh dialogue hai In that movie, it's just spoiled, do n't say like that, don't say like that, this is it, you are so educated, why don't you come into this business, out of nowhere, you saw that he has no intentions in it.  He does not intend to kill his two sisters, he also says to the younger one, then he says one more thing and in that too, tell me what is wrong, he says love after seeing and says love does not happen after seeing, he says love after seeing.  What happens is I see this, her father is a professor of mathematics, she is clean, she is exactly like this, marriage should be done like this, later it is found out that the one who is her brother-in-law, was a scamster's son, they used to do the same programs and he cheated again.  This is for the family and for the younger one.  He also tells that brother, you do it by watching me, I will do it by watching, so as a brother, if someone says to his sister, do it by watching me and like I have done it by watching you, I did not forcefully pick you up and fall in love with someone just like that, without any background.  If you check, has he become very toxic just by telling and being there and this is the brother who gets slapped for him, every time he commits a mistake, this character is getting slapped by this character in this movie.  If you count, then you do n't know how many are there in the whole movie. If you look carefully, the director is very intelligent. Banga Saheb seems to be of Scorpio zodiac sign. To me, it is okay. How many of you are sitting with the passion of Scorpio, although I am an Astrology student.  I do n't talk about clarity but I have a separate channel for that, but I am telling you that the director is very smart. If you see, he has not abused a mother or sister in the entire movie, then tell me in which scene. Although there is talk of in-your-face sex wax and kachch-vest and all these things, but somewhere there is abuse of mother and sister, that family man is a web seiz isn't it Manoj Vajpayee, see how much abuse is there in it. Look how much Vajpayee Sabi abuses his mother and sister, whereas the name of the series is Family Man and a lot of the world has seen it. I will discuss it now. This video is very wonderful and good, you have to watch it till the end. I will tell you in a very wonderful way that there is an undercurrent in the society. I was just observing it, but you have to see that the directors, film makers or creators are also like politicians who, after seeing the undercurrent of the public, Makes a movie accordingly and people identify with it, second, third, fourth, fifth and 10th, all of them have been connected somehow, it's not such a great story, logic also fails at many places, okay so your Wanting Strong Sisters belongs to him, after that the dominating brother-in-law who dominates his sister. I am telling the fifth point that if the dominating brother-in-law reveals his brother's blood, then there is nothing wrong if he treats any of the sons more like his brother-in-law than his father.  Papa, Papa, it hurts, he says, you are saying 'papa papa', you are very intrusive, this is a normal phenomenon in our house, many people are not able to speak in shyness, okay?  That too, this character also does not say to his brother-in-law that you are saying Papa, Papa, he also says to his relatives, sister, sister or anyone else, he also does not say this to his brother-in-law, but many people feel that hey.  Why have you intruded into our family? What is the meaning of brother-in-law's younger brother, who is his elder sister's brother-in-law, appearing in a family photograph? Come on, brother-in-law, he has still come because we are married.  If he is suffering from these things, then there is nothing wrong if you see this, there is another scene in the same, brother-in-law speaks, like, let me tell you some points, brother-in-law speaks because brother-in-law also ca n't see that you are so intelligent and all this. Why is he talking because intelligent talks, he says that you have gone inside Kerala, you have ruined the ecosystem, you are ruining the name of the company, you are expanding business there but the ecosystem is bad.  And we are being defamed because he is not, he is educated in US, he is a smart guy, ever watch Inga's characters, you will never ever be angry with such an idiot, and all this will be seen in the male muscular man who is in the category of Talks City.  People will make mistakes, that will happen but he is a thinking hero, this does not make him a fool, he is concerned about the name of his company because he has a sense of ownership, brother-in-law is here to live. There is a deal to be made, there is a deal to be made, he knows that thing, Shana, then he says in reply, why are you getting involved in all these things, why don't you behave like a rich boy, pushing the car from here to there, this is the image.  Hit the brats' car, have fun, travel the world, thinking individual, thinking about the family is not wanted, after that there is another scene in which ting up to do sycophancy to the powerful people. Brother-in-law says CM has come to meet you, he says I don't want to meet CM, business does n't happen like this in India, he says I do n't have any business, this is business, do n't do sycophancy of powerful people, toxin which is actual child, you are my subscriber, youth, don't  You want my friend, I don't have to lick someone's unnecessary sycophancy and all this, why should I do business, why should I run back and forth for politicians, so that's that.  Every character of his is saying everything which in normal things we are being understood as if he is a rebel, he is a logical man and is not a rebel, like if you hate teachers who can and intimidate us, we all hate teachers in childhood, who are Neil down here.  Hit there, hit there, do it like this, be rude, then doing beyond that is not a bad thing, then in one scene, wants a strong assertive wife also who stands up to the  Parents also, there is a scene where when they are finally getting married, his wife is sitting and when she kisses the parents, she feels like this, Bhaiya, you stand up, I am not here like Raj or my father.  Will give and then I will wait You be strong enough to tell the boss that this is the man Accept he only wants that woman And now 2023 is going on 2024  What these men want is that the girl we marry should not be docile or petite, she should also have the clarity that yes, this is okay, I am feeling okay with this and that, they should tell their parents.  Instead of saying ' Bauji, Bhauji' and 'Bhauji' being Hamlet, I want to do it with you, then tell your father clearly that if you want to do it then this is again a female or male.  The fantasy that happens after that is to always take your beloved in a plane, whenever the plane is flown, they also make you play out in it. It is okay that the plane is being flown, now look at that guy, he knows how to drive, Ghan is driving. Flying a plane is all a boy's fantasy. It is a male fantasy that we know how to fly a car, not a bike. We also know how to fly and if we have a plane, there is more to this. If we watch the movie, then all these things are playing with the big guns.  Now many times what is said about bringing guns after doing duty, now the females watching or the elderly ladies watching do not understand what is happening in this, now someone is saying that violence is violence, more than this, it is Swedish Games. Wherever there are some things, there is no cursing of female gender, women are not being abused, no one is being abused in the name of women, yes Royals Roy's Fantasy is playing out black is that which one is it Range Rover's fantasy is doing a okay so all these things are happening in it then another one and that thing if you see okay wanting to be served by the wife that in that  No matter how rich a man is, if he gets hurt in one, why is this maid giving me the maid, why don't you give it, this is a basic requirement of men, no one is telling me. Because in the default setting a man feels that I am an ATM and he will put the card in my mouth and take out his money, then he wants from inside that he can make me drink tea or give me some cooked food, but You serve it, this is a wish of all the people that now you do not detoxify it, do not even celebrate food and do not even earn money and man is going from morning to evening and every man is working, earning money and is in tension.  So that female toxic man may want this, it is okay and you must have seen avoiding in loss but interested in what they are saying because he avoids these people because he knows that they do not like him, but still peeking.  Listens to what were you saying, what were you saying, what were you saying, that is important, okay, you must have seen that scene, then another normal thing, at some stage in this, his stomach goes out.  If you get injured, if you don't do exercise, you become fat, then by extracting that dialogue, that thought process is that of a typical man. A man thinks everything in his mouth, but a man, because of that, he is working on the laptop or his wife says don't.  Don't do it, listen like this and if he is not listening, then she gets up and throws the laptop, then he kills me, this dialogue is to other people, I am sitting there, that brother, stomach discharge means getting out of wife's control, this thought  It is a process for men, men have their own insecurities, just as women have their own insecurities, I am becoming unformed, this is happening, my husband will hit his mouth here and there, will do this, men also have these insecurities that brother, I am not so fit.  If I am not like this, then I do n't know whether my wife is mad at me now or she used to listen to me before me, she used to do this, then a scene will come forward in the same, when again  Then he becomes fit and then he wants to remove all the clothes and show it to the world. Again men are young boys and lot of people are able to identify. There is a connection. Now like I have told you the address of mom and dad but this one who is like  The pressures of modern day, I will give you an example in this movie that you should do a lot of grooming and wear sexy clothes. No toxic man will tell his wife that she is a lover.  What a luxury Vajri is wearing. Wearing sexy normal clothes, I like you like this, it is a female pressure, isn't it, I want to look younger, wearing very sexy clothes, this is visible in your face, it tells you that it is okay for your wife.  Do n't tolerate criticism from your parents at all. Again, not a typical male thing. Don't listen to me. She won't say anything to my father. She used to say, 'Your father is dead. How can she say all that?'  He has done a scandal before in that scene, but the very moment is when he says, your father dies, he takes out the gun that now you call me a lot of men, want to actually not tolerate even one thing, one negative thing coming from wife's mouth. Against his parents, it is a very man's thing, it is not right or wrong, it is that no man wants to hear his thoughts against his parents. When he tries to do the same thing with his wife, I do n't know how many times he gets slapped by his wife in the whole picture. It was only in one scene that I thought I was lost. He says, I will slap you if you hit me.  It's okay if he falls in my sight, but he doesn't kill, eats, says that I will kill you if you say this or do this or take my cigarette or does something and says something. There are many people who  There are addicts, his wife smokes cigarettes, he likes chilli a lot, why does he feel at times that you want to control me, we are not talking about right or wrong, but from what has been shown, it is so very very common, this happens all around. As a man does not want to come under the control of his wife, this is a typical Indian fact, so now it will be due to Toxin, he does not want to come under the control of his wife, but is he keeping his wife completely under his control? This is not seen at all in the movie.  The wife works in America, there his wife is writing a good report card to her parents and says, yes, we have two children, you have not come, neither my mother-in-law nor my mother has come, he was standing there with both the children.  I was standing in the delivery room like this, I was bleeding, this was what was happening to me, he was serving me by pretending to be a nurse, he was serving me by pretending to be a nurse, so brother, then this happens to the men of today, am I telling you? Another very important one is this  Let me tell you a very high point of the movie. It is being said that people will copy Ranveer Kapoor or he is a bad example. Boys will do it. You tell me if you have to copy him, his father is the richest man of India. In the movie, this is his house.  He leaves her when she gets angry with him and says, "I am going and goes with his wife. How many people are there with whom father and mother do not leave the first floor of their two BHK house in the best city of Delhi? They go up and down Gurgaon every day.  And every day there is conflict in their house, more than 3 lakh 4 lakh children come from Delhi to Gurgaon every day for jobs, they are stuck for quarter of an hour in front of the humid mall and such things happen every day in the traffic jam, to save Rs. 000 fare they have to pay Rs.  It is not spared, they are not serving the parents, the parents are 55 years old, the mother is 52 years old, myself is 28 years old, the wife is 26 years old, no one needs service.  No one is sick, Uttam Nagar is not a very great sexy place, but we will go up and down every day because it is not coming out, hey, copy Ranveer Kapoor, go, he has a different spirit, so stay different, he also does his job, he goes to America. So he doesn't come and say that so much of my father's money is gone, so much is gone, then if it is not so easy to copy everything, this is so stand basically females like decision persons who take decisions, the hero in this movie is Ranbir Kapoor.  There is no confusion at any time in the scene, it is very clear what to do, what is happening and what has happened, he does not say this to anyone, you see, you see, see this because most of the boys nowadays have become like this.  I am scared, I don't open my mouth in front of anyone, I don't open my mouth in front of my parents, I don't open my mouth in front of my wife, I don't open my mouth in front of my boss, the frustration is very high, it seems that if I do this, I will lose my job, my wife will go, my parents will not give me money.  don't know what  When it is done, this character comes who is in your face and tells everyone his peace of mind, along with logic, he is very annoying to many people and those who harass him are facing big problems. I saw one and were asking for a review, just like people come out of a movie, they do n't ask why you were sitting idle for 2 minutes on youtube, how many chances do you get to get up, that means there is always an interval, she is so fair.  They have come looking at dirty useless nonsense with the eyes of hatred, brother means they want to give such a feeling, there is a smile on the face and said to do it like this is absolutely zero, meaning to do it like this is to do it like this, very good action of body languages and my  I am laughing, I am laughing, I am watching the reel like this, I am saying that brother, she was looking bad, the picture of three hours and 21 minutes is not known because the next director is yet to analyze.  Yes, we will talk about the film making of the movie, but we will not even talk about all the characters, brother, after one scene, the next scene, the second scene, the third scene, all in one scene takes a person to such an extent that oh, now they are flying the plane. This is love and affection, something is happening, their good boy and girl are this and that, then in this time the plane is going to crash, tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttstt See in the scene with Bobby Deol, first Aise Aise Karke Daru, that song is going on, Shaadi is going on and you are like a little now, I am relaxing, suddenly a scene comes that what is said inside her, some man comes and is taking out her eyes.  Hey Bobby Deol, it's all bloody and you are shocked, what happened? I was just having fun, now something is happening, then all those women are standing before him, those two wives, that one other male.  Fantasy with three wives, because if there are three wives, how will it be, how will the work be done, all that fantasy has been played out in it, those wives are smoking his cigarettes, those wives are smoking cigarettes, he is gouging out his eyes or like, what is happening?  Then he wants to do something else with her, all the women shy away and then he goes to the next scene, there is a knife scene which was seen in the trailer, now you could not understand who is doing this. Then I kept doing it like this and then I came to know that both the wives, two wives, this one inside, three wives, again some male fantasy, then you are saying oh, this looks strange, a smile is coming on someone's face from inside, someone is looking here and there.  Everyone is watching over there, I was just making notes brother, it's okay because for me this is blood, blood and all this, I am a Guruji man, for me it is just an analysis, I was thinking of doing a review then.  I have come to the analysis because the picture is beyond the review, brother, this is a picture with analysis, that is why the analysis is going on, I am doing some small things in the dark and making some notes with my pen, but in between, people  I am watching the movie, I am also watching the people, I am watching the faces of the people, this is how I act and tell them, this is how it is happening with [praise], those scenes are changing like this within a minute. Bobby Deol is dancing, then his wives are smoking, you get completely scandalized, then he does some action scene, then the lady goes away, then he does the knife scene, till then you are becoming like this. Till then he is inside his ground, Bobby goes out on the road and is killing people with a gun, knock knock knock, then some man sits down and is like man, so fast, so fast, knock knock knock knock knock knock cut.  Cut, now there is a scene in which Ranbir Kapoor is coming to kill them, Scotland etc. She is his grandmother, she is like Bobby Deol's very docile looking female, the old beeji beeji says, oh son, this is what happens to the one who forgives.  If you leave some knowledge to him then what happens in normal movies that normal movies are made first like if a lady says something then the hero will show big heart, there will be some story straight, it is an in your face guy, it is okay. On Vangaparaon, his fire says, Listen, this knowledge was to be given to your grandchildren, don't give the knowledge to me, it's okay, it was to be given to you, again in your face. All the people who are feeling the problem of this movie, that problem is not a higher cause.  Whatever actions Progo Nist is doing, all those actions have already been done in all the movies long ago but they are given a higher cost. Patriotism Nationalism. For someone, this is in these.  Your face is the first thing, the rich man is standing up, his family is doing things, then people do not understand that. If he is a poor man, he can do anything. If he is a young picture or he is, now the farmers are working for the welfare of the poor people. He hijacked a train for the welfare of the common people, is that right or yes, he hijacked again and then he became Robin Hood, there is a corrupt policeman inside Chulbul Pandey, he is justified because  He gives a little amount of money to someone, he gives a little amount of money then corruption is justified that you do corruption as long as you do corruption of 10 crores and distribute 10 lakh rupees out of it, in some you get 9 crore 90 lakhs.  Keep it for 10 lakhs and become Rab Pandey. In old movies, they used to tie women with a rope or the hero was a man and she was dancing in front of the villain.  Heroine, you must have seen in all these pictures Basanti, don't dance in front of dogs. Basanti is dancing in front of dogs, then Gabbar is breaking what he is breaking. What is he breaking, he is breaking the bottle. Then beyond that, Basanti is dancing, she is bleeding.  We had seen such stories in all of them, the climax scene used to be like this, all the songs were like this, here no woman was tied like this, nowhere else was anything like this broken, now that famous scene which has its explanation. I give what even these actresses are not able to give, I do n't know why they are not able to give because brother, the picture has been passed by the censor board, that means the picture is fine, it is A category, it is animal, but if the censor board has passed this much sensitivity then it is in a wrong way. Now Prasoon Joshi ji is a very intelligent man, today I will give the explanation, it is very important for me to give that scene also because I am a clarity giver.  There is a scene in which her character is determined to kill her father. She has met that girl with the character's name Zoya, so he tries to have a relationship with her and then he is not.  Serious about it is fine and he says to the girl but then there is a scene in which he says o if you love me lick my shoes ab is lick main shoes wala ko itna  I thought that this is more like male toxics, toxicity that brother, I have no emotional attachment to her, no love affair, because if any man loves any woman, if there is any emotional connection, if there is any relationship, then brother, he will love that woman like this.  I will not insult you that you will not come and lick my feet. The very fact of doing it is a trite convey to everybody that there is nothing of mine and yours now.  Take it as this that this man has done this to all the women and this is toxic, he does this to everyone, then you are not thinking like a movie because brother, you have to think like an intelligent human being. When American movies are made, they do not have so many explanations.  The Indian audience needs an explanation. If you see this, there is another scene in it. Even if that Sunak is heard, people feel a little bit like that when Ranbir Kapoor goes to Scotland to fight his Bobby Dale.  When he goes to fight, he closes the door and says to his wife, if I don't come back then what is the normal dialogue now, if I don't come back then you live your life, you carry on and you know life, he says. Don't Marry Again This Is What Men Actually Think Some Tell Some Don't Tell In this, many such things have been said that men may never tell their wives even after 10 20 20 years of marriage.  No, when the man is hearing all these things from the mouth of this character, then he is going to the cinema hall for a subdued picture, because I went and saw this movie on a weekday at 11 am, thinking that there will be less people, I will sit peacefully.  I will open my pad and make my notes with ease. Brother, it seems a bit strange to make notes when someone is sitting on your left, you have kept yours, you are fine, but someone else is sitting on the right, yours is fine and that's it.  Then he will say, brother, what are you doing? I mean, after typing, they were looking at my face and intelligence and many people were thinking that I was a mismatch. Why was it okay there because the crowd was also a young one.  No, it is very fine and I was watching everyone that brother, whatever your character is saying, we all feel all those things but they are not spoken to us, today I am telling women to ask their husbands at any time that  how happy he will be  If you hear that he will die and you will marry someone else, ask genuinely, out of 100, he will speak the truth, if you speak the truth, then no one will say, he is not the same in everyone, no, children are born, that's why brother, I am giving money for my memory.  Now you stay in it, it is not female male toxin or you have something to say, tell someone to say something, in this there is an absent father, one of them is his childhood trauma, that thing is solution, all these solutions.  All these relationships, these husband-wife issues and issues with parents, all this feelingless course, I am also going on, I am covering it when it is being released, this video is right on this Sunday, which will be what, 177th December, Sunday again my  There will be an iconic class of relationship and marriage of two hours. If you want to attend it then you can text A2 on the number given below. We will discuss that thing again, so overall if you watch this movie again, I have seen a lot of scenes in it like there is a song in it, okay which song he sings, it is the Arjan Valley song, what is the Arjan Valley song, that one.  The Punjabi Pho-chlor song is Arjan, who was one of their warriors and who was their very famous commander, his son of the Sikhs and that is a genuine incident on which the song has been made on Pho-chlor and  If you look at that song very carefully, look very carefully, don't listen, sorry, then the sound that is left in the music in the beginning, watch it again after this video, it is Air Raid Siren, there must be many people who have someone from the Air Force somewhere. People must have heard the sound in the place where ships fly. In Ambala, if you are from Ambala or from Jodhpur or from Jamnagar, if I am taking the names of some cities, I am fine if you are from Gorakhpur and which one.  There are many other places, okay so you may have heard it there and you may not have heard it, so I am telling you that this air raid gives this adrenaline, dopamine and it takes everyone up, suddenly what is left is like now you get ready.  So the director doesn't know from where he has brought the music, from where he put his mind to it, don't write him off so quickly, he has brought that Iranian music to Banga Saheb, that wedding music, that kind of music in Bobby Deol's wedding.  It is playing and they are dancing. Incident, now let me talk about some characters and you tell me that the way you come I see them, if you people identification will be a very hit, if you see it in it, then who  He is a director and has brought out emotions in many different ways. He has triggered the emotions. The movie is going after thousands of crores. If a movie is going like this, then you do n't write it off so quickly that you leave it on Talks City.  Because there are many people who are liking it, now that too come forward and say ok, you like the animal picture, you are also very toxic, oh why brother, now you will ask me whether you liked the picture or not. I asked, it is not to my taste, but just as it is not to my taste, now suppose I do not like Chana Bhatura and I like Dosa, then I will not write off Chana Bhatura which is liked by everyone because I I am also a foodie, I know that brother, what are the things in it and what are the other things because of which people like it, you cannot impose your personal things, you cannot say that ask all the bawdis who like Channe Bhature because  It happens like this, it happens like this, cholesterol is this, it is that, it happens like that, cholesterol is everywhere, okay, pizza is very good, is it okay, so this movie has polarized the audience, which movie, which leader, which is this  Kind  Emotions can come out for the love and the hate because ultimately the opposite of love is indefinable with this movie and on the same side of the coin not on the opposite side because who does n't understand or doesn't like or doesn't know this kind of thing. I don't know, I went there so that I could analyze this movie. Yes, there is a lot of violence, but many people also liked Killbill and the British movie.  Which movies do you like? Do you also like scooter games? Bobby Dale's acting is also very good. He cuts it in the end by doing it like this. I can't watch it like this. Oh my God, do it like this in one go.  Dena, what is he doing like this? So yes, there are emotions, there are raw emotions, this is the thing, he comes and thinks, I will do it like this, I will do it like this, everyone will be happy, no, they are not happy. Nowhere in the movie is it shown that the character is very happy. Even after all the scandals, at the end of the movie, his wife is leaving him and then his son comes back. These people also left the scope for part two. It is not like whoever is doing the action. Whoever is doing prog nist action is also getting beaten. When he fired the gun, his father slapped him so much and then sent him to a foreign country for 10 years. It is not that he performed Aarti everywhere. Whatever he did to him  He has to face his ripper cushions when he is fighting so much, as much as he is broken after fighting, they did not show the movie like that when the hero came and knocked everyone down, nothing happened to him, all his bones, cage and ears were shaken.  He was not able to hear with his ears, something happened in his heart, he did n't know that everything was shaken up and down, he also showed it realistically that brother, it is not such a good thing to fight, see, this condition happens due to quarreling, now he is someone.  He said no, he is glorifying it, he is showing the thing and showing its ripper cuts. Now you have to see that this end is being glorified, so see what is happening with it at the end of it.  Whatever he's doing is finding peace and it's not finding peace that's the question but definitely we can't anchor in today's time I'll just finish it with this  What is the main thing, like you see my videos too, I do not openly support that this is Magata movement, this is section 498, females are bad, although somewhere in this movie, females are bad, they are useless, but I have not done it.  I am telling you in general terms that this happens in what is going on in the society. Now someone like me can come and say that this is not a good thing but the very fact is that the pendulum that happens went this way and then came back here.  And went this way, now go this way and come here again, then these things will always keep going on in the society, now I feel that more movies like this will come because of those people and identification, will Yang Saheb's second one come or something else?  So you will keep saying to her that no, it is not bad because right now she is going to thank you for coming. The female one talks about it. When a female drinks and has an affair with 10 people without marriage, then it is called that.  Female independence, female freedom, female choice and man's boyish behavior which is shown by Adeline Rush and if she does anything then it is a toxin called out now because when something comes from mail then it is worth only a thousand crores and thanks to the female for coming.  If she comes then she doesn't earn three crores, she is doing something in Veere Di Waiting, the females are doing something, so I am telling them that this will be female freedom, these people are doing the main work, something.  If you are doing it then it will be a tox city. Men also like guns. The way brother shows violence, the juice comes out from inside him. You are watching it in the form of a movie, I am telling it in the form of a movie, not reality, big cars, Rolls Royce ships, they are there.  All boy things, now you are telling them that you are doing the work of boy boy, so brother, you are very bad, so do not emsculet your boys, your Indian boys and in general this and yes, this is the confusion.  I will leave the boys on this hint, this is my own 25 minute video, I will leave on this hint, the confusion was that it seems that girls like these kind of boys but when they go into relationships with actual real girls, then there is something else.  The only discovery that is being made is that friend, these alpha people are toxic alpha, we want less alpha, which people do we like, which one likes, if you cross this line then it is bad, but if you go below this line, it is also bad, then this  the one  Which zone is it because this movie has only added and created that confusion which the lovey couple was thinking that I have got a package of Rs 18 lakhs in an IT firm and if he does something like this, then now even that might not be liked.  If he is coming then which one do you like? If the one on the motorcycle is there but the motorcycle is not following him then what will you do then which one do you like? There is a lot of confusion here, boys also like it, girls also like it, it is okay, this can also remove the confusion though.  i'm away  I am telling this in a very good manner in two and a half hours in my Sunday workshop, so if you want to join by spending money, then happiness to you, but I cannot impose my taste on the world, now people will say, you are a gaydar picture.  I was saying, don't go and watch Gadar movie. After watching the movie, there is a hatred, that emotion is of hate. After watching this movie, you do n't hate anyone. Gadar movie hurts the real pain of real life. It hurts someone.  It's not like this, it's just a movie, there is no real event behind it which happened historically, it is not based on another ring, it is not based on another ring that we are this and you are this and it is not even like this.  This movie is this movie, that's why I am not telling you guys not to watch this movie, I normally never say don't watch movies, Gadar was one of the only movies, rest I tell you about the movie by making it good or bad. What kind of verdict is there that if brother watches the war, he will learn some things, some doubts will come to him and you must discuss these things and do not run away and poison everything by mail. Because of the hormones inside, this is why this country exists.  This border is protected, your law and order is protected, don't emasculate that suddenly there is a choice when you have to die for the country, the man who will be ready to die for the country and  Will you be ready to die for your parents? If you don't keep your emotions for your family, then the emotions of the country come first. He who cannot save his own mother, will he do for India? He who cannot save his wife will do so.  A person who cannot protect his sister's ownership and does not stop his blood, knows that if someone harms his sister, then what will he do next? I am not at all saying that he should reach there with a gun.  To Not everyone is roaming around with guns but from inside there is talk of emotion and that emotion was so strong that is why there is applause otherwise I have seen so many pictures in Gurgaon, I have never seen clap whistle in any movie. Neither would I feel like killing myself, although even in that scene, I was not inclined to kill. I was like pretty amused that friend, I mean where did you take the fantasy from, he will come back with a gun only, I do n't know if someone else will give it tomorrow.  If I don't release then yes everyone will get it but I was seeing people left and right in the hall. People are standing in the hall full of people. Girls are also whistling and they are saying yes this is how it should be. Now who has this emotion? Who can stop this wrong emotion of yours? How can one say wrong emotion? If it is an emotion then it is an emotion or if you tease me so much and trouble me then it will be like this then that. We cannot call emotions wrong, rest is the Censor Board, there is the law of the country, there is the law and order which will enforce it, no one has the right to take it into their hands, but these emotions are very much painted up inside the boys through the movie.  People are coming out, getting associated, the picture is going on, we ca n't live in its denial, so now the time has come that there are very pent up things, men and the young boys of this country need to come and really talk.  If it is not about things, then this anger will come out in a wrong way. Now that anger is there and it has become known through this movie, just as by putting a thermometer you can know whether there is fever or not, so do not abuse the thermometer. He has given you a reality check that son, you are 102, now you take paracetamol or 103, you start bandaging yourself, doctor in 104.  If you show it to sir, this movie is only a parameter that it is a mirror to the society. Through this video, I am showing the mirror that this is what it is now, this is what it is, if everyone is facing problems then  Should he get treatment or should he just not watch it? He is wasting it. Why did he put the thermometer in his mouth? If he didn't put it in his mouth then he would n't have fever. You can't say that he did n't put the thermometer in his mouth. He showed 104.  So  It is not the fault of the thermometer, it is the fever. Now if she is not well then fix her and if it is normal then tell her that if it is so then in the same way The men need to come out and discuss. The females need to discuss. This should be a case study.  This movie should be a case study in all schools and colleges where this kind of education is imparted. Unfortunately we do not talk about these things, we take sides on social media. People are simple.  Sa ak UP ke Bande hain Launde hain Bhokaal, the film is Guruji Bhokaal hai jaake dekhi kaal to him he got all the emotions which Guruji went and made notes for three and a half hours and then analyzed them or did he also do it but his one word analysis is Bhokaal.  Yes, it was fun and why is there such a thing, why is it a thing, okay, he is from Haryana, he is saying some word of his own, hey boy, did you enjoy it, why did you enjoy it, brother, what fun did you have, those 300 men.  Nasty Arjun Valley Arjun Valley is going on, am I saying this or when will it end? What is the meaning of 'cut', do you have to fight in the hotel by firing that gun, let's fight outside somewhere, it is okay by firing that gun, they bring emotions in that too, patriotism.  If we came for this, then somewhere we would have made it in India, we would have made it in India somewhere, so that that also happens, then this is how the analysis was, it is a very Indian man's fantasy picture which suddenly from 25  There are 30 big scenes, whatever you say, the settings are all fantasy settings, taking them in the ship, taking them for a ride, standing for the family's owner, not bowing down, if you look at the characters in it, then many people have the same feeling as when we got that Pushpa wala.  Tha Apna Jhukega Nahi Saala Bada Adiyar Had Big Airing, But What is the character in this one, he is rich when he is poor, there is a bigger cause, if he is doing something else then we discuss more.  We don't do this, we face problems when educated rich people come and from that the problem comes when corporate boys and girls also get identified, all people become like this, Pushpa will not bow down, neither will the wife, nor will the youth bow down before the parents.  Bow down in front of father, mother in front of wife, bow in front of brothers and sisters, in front of everyone, in front of everyone, meaning to be under control, Yes, OK, Hukum, Ghani, Khamba Ghani.  Keep saying Hukum Hukum Hukum Hukum, they look good, now these days' boys have said, brother, this is enough, Vanga Saheb has made a picture, enough of all the harassment that has happened to everyone, boys, we will make a picture for you in your fantasy.  I will put it here, you want three wives, somewhere you want a car, somewhere you want a Rolls Royce, you want a ship, I will put everything, I am fine and after doing this I will talk to your wife, to your father, to your mother.  If you want then it feels good to do it, otherwise she gets horny and after that she holds her from behind with such ease. This is me that I [ __ ] my wife and she is still convincing me, so this is a big male fantasy. It is real.  This does not happen in life, it should not happen, it should not happen, what should happen, Guruji, we are not judgmental, we are just mirrors, this one has to be shown, brother, if there is dust on the face, then wash the face, do not do it on the mirror, this is a dirty mirror, why did you show this one, it was good.  hey brother  Some people have dust on their face and some have it in their eyes, so we will have to wash it. A lot of male fantasy has been played out one after the other, after many years it is the first time in an Indian film movie.  If there has been a time in other wise, it was shown only to the villain. Other wise, many boys used to think that only villain is fine, he keeps coming for massage, keeps sitting, keeps drinking alcohol, keeps giving straight dialogues, keeps laughing.  Happy Goes Lucky, it's okay, he gets shot and dies in the end, but mostly his life is going well and even in the end, if someone apologizes and something happens, he gets released, okay or is it half good?  Indian youth used to be confused if it is okay to do the work, this picture came after many years, it was all painted up, Shana is the director somewhere, she caught all the emotions and by catching all these emotions, she made Khichdi very good and she is very good in Indian.  The section is liking it and this second Saturday also earned Rs 35 crores, it beat Jawan and beat Gadar for the second Saturday, I am talking about earnings and Indian connection collections, I am talking only about world wide.  Even if I am not talking, this picture doesn't seem to be stopping anywhere. Now let's see more, what is this, what is this, what is this vulgarity, is there anything else, there is nothing like this vulgarity, if you look at it that way.  The husband is talking to his wife, he would have talked to her in the same way, but they have shown her on the screen, the only difference is that they are not [ __ ], no, this is tox city, this kind of slapping from the wife is tox city, so many males are toxic, right?  If it is, then toxin is quite a reality, you can give it whatever name you want, so I analyzed the boot licking scene properly and told why it was shown in it, if he had to actually do it.  So, Zoya had sat down, so why did she remove the shoe, why did she run away from there, her interest was not in the shoe Chatwani, her interest was in conveying a message, yet she ran away from there, okay, then understand the subtle things which the director wants to do.  Ask the Audience to Know Anil Kapoor also keeps saying something, such females have not been seen in this week. What is the name of Rashmi Mandana? Rashmi, the heroine, is not such a weak character. Hey, the woman who slaps her husband on screen in real life can kill a lot.  And add salt to him and feed him whatever porridge he was eating, she is also not like that, that is, it is okay to compete, it is good, it is equal, it is okay and she also praises her husband and fights like one.  The average Indian housewife or any other wife is like this, she will fight with her husband, love her, get angry, beat her and all this, now if you put a camera in every bedroom and watch the scene in isolation, you will see a very toxic person.  Very toxic women will be seen but only the couple knows the truth that who is like who and who will give the appraisal of the husband whether he is a toxic husband or a good husband, the wife will give it, she will give it.  To my parents that this is my everything, this is my father, this is my mother, my brother, my husband, my everything, so when she is giving, then where are we toxic from, then we are the censor board.  What is your take please write in the comment section, share it, like it, thank you very much and there are many old movies which have changed a lot in the Indian thought process. Movies are not current, there are many old movies, so if you want some analysis on movies, because movies do change the way we think and the society operates, we cannot just say that it is a movie, watch the movie as a movie, no, no, did not see.  Everything goes up, let's try it with our life, okay, so it is easy to say that a movie is a movie, a movie is not a movie, this is also a fact, so if you want old movies like this, then please write in the comment section. Thank you.  you very much