Hello friends, the topic is to live according to one's own life, this is a lot of people's fantasies, we will discuss this with the lottery people, you would have told this here in the problem, this is the problem, whatever the solution will be, it will be somewhere in the middle, such circles are formed, isn't it?  It is divided in the middle and it has to be adopted by every person. If you quickly think that do n't do this job or don't do this, do this business, do this, do this, then you should know everything because well. Only a dependent person can be happy in life and can achieve success, so we will discuss here that many people who are in job, they feel that if I reduce my work, they do freelance, then it is very good Sambdi Haj doing date.  When I tell you that it is in a few domains, it is to a limited extent because mine has been well established for many years, but for those who want to start new, I want to tell them what is the difficulty in this, it sounds very good.  It's my wish, get up as per your wish, your wish will not work, the most stressful thing in this is that friend, you, this person, this person needs this thing which you have, skill set, you can provide service to him, he will give you money, okay and like this.  If you get 10 such people in a day, if you get 20, then you can work for a good amount of money. Okay, this is the least of your efforts. The biggest thing is to reach these people, establish the system, it is not so easy for these people to join.  First, because many people want to join me even more than me, sir, they want to join you, I know this, I know so much, the world is sitting with knowledge, the world is sitting with skill set, the world is sitting with a lot of talent but that is why it is not monetized. Ladies, I know Jim has a very good cooking talent, but her husband is not appreciating her such good cooking talent even at home, this is also a fact and it is true that there is no way with which you are rich out.  Other bodies and monetize IT, this is the biggest iron in our country of India, we have so many retirements and we have so many people who create a platform and match this need, the biggest money is in taking that work, then this thing  You will also have to create your own platform in the digital space. If you want to create your own platform in the digital space and are interested in this thing, then for example, if you want to create your own platform, where in this you have any knowledge, then I would like to do a blogger in this regard.  I am six and I will make it free. Okay, right now we say every time that we say money is free, then it is ok and it will not be very long, that is, in 25-30 minutes I will explain it to you very well. This is the problem, it is a weekend.  Utilize date, there will be a telegram group given to you, you can join it, it is a separate channel of mine, it has become mine, Guruji from Gurugram, that channel, if you have not subscribed, that too is a great channel, very new born.  She is of baby type, it is not even a month old, make some subscribers and join her, join the channel and join this telegram group, you all are fine, I will be giving a free link on this please add.  Because this is my audience and every time they ask me what to do, then I will just explain for free what is the problem and how to do it in the digital space for those who want to do it because see, whatever will happen, everything will happen in the digital space only.  will happen Today, in the times to come, you won't even see the release of these politicians, all this too will be digital, no one will be in the sun on the story, you are sitting next to Vativer talent, ultimately, whatever is its marketing or whatever is its, it is Haj tu b.  And some digital system, other vice physical, how will you go? Take mango, take onion, take potato, you can send a little like this, if things are fine then take that mango, take potato, then someone should know, nowadays you also know mango, potato, onion.  These  You can make milk even by pressing a button. You know everything has been done here, so I will tell you about this thing. Many people will have the idea but it is related to you that how cheap is it for you to make, maintain and do that. And I will tell you how to take care of digital products and I am telling you for free, so you should not face any problem to join for free, according to me it is okay, I will do this only on weekends, it is okay, Saturday, Sunday, anytime, whatever happens.  I will do this and I will give you the link and when you are also watching the video, this webinar will happen within 24 hours to 48 hours but it will happen according to my exact time schedule which is not fixed yet.  Please join, I am telling you, on top of that, G-20 is in Delhi right now and my cooperation here is also enough, you are not even going to move, I know, so brother, sit at home and see, it's okay, rest of the people.  Look where everyone is sitting, okay once, a who is irresponsible of the next group, it is applicable on people from 18 years to 75 years, whatever it is, you are okay, it will be applicable for everyone, please join, understand well, your queries will also be answered. And IT bill will be free of cost please go to telegram group in comment area thank you