Hello friends, the topic is Appreciate These Young Men for the Great Sacrifice, so if you are a woman, then listen to it. If you are a young man, then listen to it. If you want to enjoy, if you understand what the poet wants to say, then write. It is important to give a disclaimer in the beginning itself. Otherwise, it is possible that it may be misunderstood in that way, it is Satyam, you are ok, a little bit confused, you understand, that is the basis of this, let's start the other topic now, and those who can understand, then definitely enjoy.  Tell me, who is this man whose sacrifice do we have to appreciate and what is sacrifice? So it is up to two people to define them. So these are young men in late 20's and may be in early 30's. Indian men make only 20. What is their sacrifice?  Sacrifice is that these women are not marrying to teach women a lesson so that they know what men are because it says that women Many demanding programs have been made, women do section 498, there is no need to get married when they want and many such things, people also say that when milk is available in the market, then there is no need to raise buffalo, hey, we can go to Bangkok.  Why should we follow you? Yes, very good, you are doing very great and let me tell you what is the benefit of this. There are too many female foeticide in North India. They say sex ratio is very bad in the 90's.  Only the children of 90's are now coming into the marriage market because 2023 is going on, so those who are there till 1992 3 94 95 96 97 98 99, these are the people of 90's, women are less in sex ratio, so they have a choice and North India.  In the setup, look at Punjab, Haryana, Delhi, Western UP, Rajasthan and this belt because the audience is also from there and it is more in the middle class, not so much in the lower class. They are fighting, marriages are happening there and the sex ratio there is not that bad because they did not even have the money to commit female feticide, perhaps they had six children, perhaps they also wanted a boy, but they  They had four daughters, then one boy or two boys, they had children together, they were poor, the middle class of that time, the great middle class, they created a scandal, now they are feeling frustrated that they have created this scandal.  Now our boys have become boys and we have become great but this has turned out to be the opposite. In 2023, girls will dominate because demand is supply. Now there are only 700 girls per thousand boys and out of those 100,200, 100,200.  If there is a request program for girls or if you don't want to get married or are not in the mood, if you don't want to do it, then you want to do it only Rs. 500, then it is 1:2.  It's all about ratio, they have two choices, so these boys are sacrificing that we have to awaken our wisdom and consciousness, if we get a girl of this level then we will marry, marriage is good even if there is pleasure of the body for five-seven years and so on.  It is possible that even girls may get wisdom in this, I am not saying here at all that girls are very great, their aarti should be performed and of course this man is black and this is white, the way they do it is absolutely noble like this.  Are  And here too I am telling them not to behave like this, it is what it is, but you should know why they are throwing tantrums, but what will happen in this that when these people are forced to sacrifice, this is great.  The Great Man Sacrifice Choice No one is selecting him, sometimes even the grapes become sour, otherwise what will you call sour, you will call him this and that, okay, beyond this, I will talk about Bachelors separately. I am going to make a very iconic video, it will come in four-five-seven days, you must watch it, okay, you can become a member of the channel, you can also become a paid member, if bitterness comes in your life, beyond this, I give you a lot of happiness.  Course 2 of mine is starting on 24th November, you can take that too. A2. There will be less number of men for me. Those who are ready to marry her will enjoy the sacrifices. So look at the sacrifices they made. What happens is that if you go to the time of independence in the old times, everyone was taking the batons, some were taking the batons of the British, everyone got freedom, it is okay that not all were hanged, there was no revolution, not all took the bullets, some took the bullets, now they did.  We call them patriots and freedom fighters and they call them years and years, they are not freedom fighters yet, it is 47 years since it has been 706 years, so 14 years.  If anyone is a freedom fighter then he has turned 90, it is very less now but for many years, they got a lot of freedom fighters, so the same thing is here also, this thing will be here also, they will also get appreciation but then they will have to.  Relieve that here you will not get the status of a freedom fighter or the status that our martyrs got for taking freedom at that time, then when you do not get it, then you will say that we sacrificed the society.  So what did we get for this, so it is up to you to take the call who are making these sacrifices and who are trying to teach a lesson to the women, that friend, you have taught a lesson but after teaching that lesson, if the woman who was so called was wrong and it will be right. You have got that happiness otherwise you have to release this thing, are you ready to make this sacrifice actually because as soon as this ratio will be fixed in 5 years because whatever rules of the government. Regulation was tightened, people's self-awareness increased in the society, government increased anti-natal laws, all those laws came in such a way that all this feticide should not happen, after doing all this, the sex ratio of the people born in 2001 was four or five. Born in 2004, things started getting better there, now those people will come to the marriage market, after 5 years then that much will not be there, okay, then women will not have that much choice, so women will not have that much choice.  Let's agree on record, yes there are tantrums but everyone has these tantrums, brother, whoever is in the demand supply situation, when the film actor's movie becomes a hit, he also throws tantrums whether I will take this one or that one, okay, you are a very big celebrity.  So you pick and choose, I will add this, I will not add this, now you are not like this, Sunil Gavaskar, Kapil Dev, people are not asking him much, Virendra Sarbh has to add Kamla's choice, he has to add his  There is no choice, but maybe if someone has a choice, Virat Kohli does not like Kamla because he is a current celebrity, he who has got choice, then anyone who has choice in life will have tantrums, why do you, why do you cry over this basic.  The fact is that you are making sacrifices to reduce that choice, so do it, but your sacrifice is also being recognized.  Sacrifice: I am clapping for you, but I am doing something to wake you up. If you are able to hear the sound of this clapping, then this clapping is being done by one man in the entire country and no one else is doing it. After another 5 years, you will see that other people will reap the benefits of your sacrifice, so you see, you have to do it, don't do it, I tell every man, you have to marry one woman, not everyone else, if you let's end this world.  All women except one should become extremely great as men want which is the greatest fantasy of men which is too much, okay that Libra where the zodiac sign is like there are demand programs, I am telling about her astrology and she is not a woman.  If it is perfect and you will get married to her, then the seduction that you have done, which you have created so much noise about, is all gone because so many things would have happened but yours did not happen and they do the reverse, I do n't know how all the women are but you are fine.  If it is the way you wanted, what would you say, what would you say, mine is fine, I don't know what about the rest, same thing is applicable for women too, so when they say, all men are like all men, all men are like all women. All communities are alike, all citizens of any country are alike, no one is alike, everyone is born different, you are one  Now you do n't have the power and charm to attract a decent person, so the fault is in you, brother, these days everyone has become like this, no no, not all are getting such jobs, so where is everyone getting jobs in government jobs? Even if you go to IAS, 12 lakh people apply and 180 are made, so there you don't cry that why is it so less, you have worked so hard, fight is going on everywhere, fight for the survival, fight for.  It is attractive, brother, that you will also have to come up in the merit list, if you come among the people who sacrifice like this, to get pushed on a motorcycle to awaken the consciousness and wisdom, and then to say that this is just nothing and  We are doing great work, we are not giving birth to children, we are saving the earth, that is why I am respecting you, it is a great job, please save the earth, that is a different matter, the earth is not going anywhere, we are the ones who are going to be saved.  Having more  If children are not born then human beings will go away. Nothing will happen to the earth. You will treat the earth like this too much. The earth will backlash you and will treat you like this. We are not saving the earth. We all are doing climate change and all this. We are doing this only to save ourselves, but to save ourselves, we should also be there, all our consciousness, intellect and discretion have gone to work, then what will happen and the one who is giving birth to six children is doing the same to five, is doing the same to four. What awakens consciousness, intellect and conscience? You have gone to wake up yours, then what happened, hey you are telling all that, you are in danger, you are in danger, you are not like that, no, I am not a party in danger, I am a practical party, we all have gone down from the replacement race.  By mixing religions, now all these things are being introduced into religions brother, the replacement rate is 2.06, if the infant who caters to infant motility is the other wise, then only you and your wife come into life, you are the one who is married, two are born.  If two come, two will go, if two leave, two children, that is, there should be two. Ideally, it has become less than that, but India has so much population, there is too much crowd, there is no crowd everywhere in India, where there is opportunity, there is a problem. This opportunity is of opportunity, if you go to your Tonk, go to Bhadurpur, go to Munger or somewhere else there and go to small villages of Gujarat or Rajasthan.  These are small villages, even the villages of Haryana, and if the entire place goes away, the population will spread out a bit and many places are still very open. Go to the mountains, go to the big deserts, go to the forests, there is not so much crowd like this.  It seems like this in India because wherever you are in big cities, only crowd is visible and that crowd is because of opportunity, the problem is not of population as much as it seems to you, it is being seen and explained, it is not an issue.  And everywhere else in Japan, in South Korea, see what happened there and those women do not say to us not to give birth, they have done the same thing in China, see what is the condition, single child policy was done, now no one has uncle.  There is no uncle, no aunt, no aunt, no aunt, no relation at all. Look at this, if your father does not have any brother or sister, you do not have any brother or sister. Within just two generations, all the relations I have mentioned will not exist.  There will be no uncle, there will be no uncle, there will be no aunt, there will be no aunt, if there is no aunt, then there will be no uncle, if there is no aunt, then there will be no uncle, all relations are over, if there is no mother, then there is no uncle, if there is no mother, there is nothing, there is no one for your mother.  If there is no brother or mother is born alone, then no one has anything, no one has anything and even one's own sibling is not there and the parents got rid of it due to which everyone gets along because Amrit P.K. No one comes, then who is whose, you understand this thing and you yourself should not get married, then you say that I am getting depression, I am getting mental illness, then I am not enjoying life, then I am not getting that.  It does n't matter to you, you make a sacrifice, you will take advantage of this sacrifice, now why did I do this because I used to say earlier, do it with your family, do it like this, do it like that, but if all the things are accepted then it does n't go away, sometimes trolling.  If it happens then now I will create doubt in you. Everyone's mission in this country is still the same. My mission is still the same but I am changing my tune for that. Now I will tell you guys, do you want to stay?  If you want to do it alone for the benefit of this earth and for the benefit of all the people, then I will distract you through videos. Otherwise, keep going, but if I do n't get everyone married in 5 years, then unsubscribe from my channel Kya Bolega T.  Tax  Whether it is okay to donate or subscribe depends on your life, it will give you complete clarity. Send this video to all those who are making sacrifices and say yes, what are we doing? Enjoy your sacrifice. These women who are like this will be noted.  It has happened, now they will come to know and now you have come to know this, now you marry me, many people will do this, boys and she will marry them, will not go to her mother's house, will keep all the seven promises, will lie, will bite the crow.  That is the song of Dimple Kabad, 1973 Bobby Kitna and in the end, Rishi Kapoor would have set it completely, Tu mike chali jaayegi, I will do it again like this, I will do it like that, so this one, this one is happening because of you people who are making this sacrifice again.  So Rishi Kapoor who is off 2029 2028 30 They are going to enjoy And women, you also see what is happening to every person.  Only one spouse has to be given to a girl, a boy to a boy, a girl, we are enough good people, you have to concentrate on yourself that who you are, what you have to offer, not what you have to take, there will be clarity on this too in the future, I hope this thing will spread.  Now he is a very big user, okay Acharya Prashant ji, so this is the message to his followers that we are telling you directly, I am very appreciative when every person talks to that person.  He would like to marry someone who can take him up, only then the society will go up, but what is the problem that this person, what is the logical problem in this that this person should marry this person so that this person can take him up, then how can this person marry this person?  Is it taking you down or ca n't take you up? How can the one who is down himself take the other up? Or you want to find a match in a way where both are down and both are taking each other up, meaning how much?  degree of difficulty  You are increasing it, people need a lot of clarity on this matter, if college is not getting selected, if college is not selected then it is not getting, if it is getting then job is not going, if job is getting then marriage is not going on, if getting married then marriage is not going on.  If the marriage is going on, then the child is not being born. If the child is being born, then the child is not growing. If the child is not growing, then don't do anything else. If you don't do anything else, then there is the trouble of the parents, then there is no money, then there is old age, then there is life crisis and there is no meaning in this life.  And raita is visible  Then what is it, brother, don't go on this path, this is very painful, I want to go to the part of consciousness and intellect, pour 5 liters of water in the motorcycle and keep roaming here and there, awakening consciousness and wisdom.  Keep living your life in a fun way, then you get the relief that it was not so fun, otherwise you did not get anything, then this realization will gradually come to Baba through my videos, I have changed my genre, the mission is the same.  The message is the same, okay, so I hope you all will enjoy, share it and please forward it to all the people with consciousness and wisdom, who are fond of it from within, feel like it is chilli, write it down, write whatever you want. Write everything, write everything because you will write in the comment section only, I will collect them, add them, race them, make a video beyond them, then you will feel chilly again, then what will happen from this, why do you do this?  Yes, I am doing this to increase my views. Yes, you are selfish. Yes, I am and I will try to increase the subscribers too. Yes, this is what you are doing. Yes, that is why everyone does youtube4. You have to see with discretion where you are enjoying. Where are you reaching, where are you getting the benefit, are you feeling good in buying the goods from that shop, is your life going somewhere or is that creator creating confusion in your mind and giving you a destination which will take you somewhere.  It won't take you away and you will keep boiling it like tea and you will keep enjoying it like no flying Punjab, you are getting like this, there are many people who are in such intoxication, this is also a very dirty kind of intoxication, so you have to see it. If anyone had wanted to throw these five-six lines at me, I would have told myself that I make these only so that I can get views. Who would be such a person who cooks food which no one eats? Is it okay? Which person would keep such goods in the shop? Who is not going to buy it?  If a person does such a thing that no one does anything about it, then you see, it is okay, he is doing cheap publicity, publicity is always cheap by taking people's name, spending ₹ 5000000 for a view, then someone is crazy to do this.  Well, it is cheap, every person does cheap publicity, from big politicians to your top movie stars to all the companies, because only when you reduce your sales and marketing costs. Profit margin brothers and sisters increases, otherwise you become a side hustle again. It is okay that you have spent so much money in acquiring a new customer that he is not paying that much money, then you will fire everyone, then you will be ruined, then it is like this.  It is not done that is why everything is cheated, see how many other things I teach you through every video and especially in the end, which not all people see, if they are able to reach 50, 60, 70 then  But those who have not seen it till the end, see what they have missed that these things can be accepted and spoken with such a straight face, it is you who is awakening this consciousness, intellect and conscience, this is my claim, this is yours.  Actual wisdom and intelligence is awakening that yes by talking in such a simple manner then please subscribe and like Happiness 2.0 which is starting on 24th November, enroll for the iconic course.  A2 I will learn everything in life and teach me everything. Now someone will say that these are bad things, they are not things that will spoil us, they are not things that will spoil us, they are very practical things because everyone is taking them here and there, when there is freshness in it, I am practical.  Advice: My channel brings a freshness of air to everybody. I believe in talking nonsense, so join that iconic five class course.  thank you very much