Hello friends, today's topic is very important, especially for the youth. I will help you in a simple way. This is a typical middle class problem and I also get a lot of messages for the young people. Maybe you send messages not to me but to someone else, you expect this, this is a typical middle class problem, this is this problem, help us, please help me, just recently  I had made a video which became very popular. How to earn ₹ lakh per month? People are also confused about the idea. The idea was very good. The comments came in very good. People liked it. They found it practical but they say, where did we get the clients from? I and in it.  I told in the video that if someone does all the work for you, then do n't just put money in the account, it is the best, this is an entitlement. People, especially the middle class youth, think that someone will help them and he will do it for free.  has a stomach ache  If you have a toothache then you need help and if the pain goes away then you go to the doctor, you pay the fee, he is a professional, he does the work for you, your hair has grown too long, you have to style it, you go to the barber for a haircut. He cuts hair, takes money, does the work, if you need clothes, if you go to the shop, where will the help be? The poor are getting help only if they don't have food, so the government gives two or three rupees to someone, not a bathroom.  If there is something like building a roof, then come up with a plan.  Your lakh rupees have been converted into two lakh rupees. The government has started a scheme for the poor. If you are not poor then it will not help you because the help is being given only for food and clothes and a little for house etc. and that too very little.  No one is going to give you a house in Gurgaon, Mumbai or Bangalore to help you and as far as you need clarity in anything, on job, on marriage, in relationship, if you are stuck in something, if you need any kind of need then it will come.  At a price and it is not help It is service Stop asking stop using this word Help No no Is there help in this world Someone has an accident There will be an emergency Someone is dying of thirst on the spot Someone's bone is broken The doctor would have got that help  It is an emergency and it is humanity, we all have to do it, but no one is going to give you the time of his life for free, this nobody is going to come to help you, you have to help yourself.  You say, brother, if I only had money then why would I be asking for this? So yes, earn money first, earn money from the things you do n't want to do, to learn the things you can do, but what is that? What is the matter with people if they want to ask something from someone, then after thinking about it, now he will give it by connecting all the wires, no one is going to give it, wherever you work, work, do business, do business, do job, whatever you are doing.  Do you ever get his total picture? Your boss who is not clear will give you only that much clear picture in which you can work. The one who has all the clear pictures will not work at all. Brilliant people are not needed to work, average people are needed because as soon as they become average  If you are brilliant or are brilliant then you will figure out and adopt anything and everything and no one is helping you to figure out all these things. This is the message.  In a professional way, on the form of templates, on the form of clarity, understand what should I do, please help me, what should I do in my life, what should I do in your life, someone will come and help you, you are feeling something that I should do this.  This has to be done, there is this doubt in this, there is doubt in this, someone will give you professional advice and take fees, India has to now release some part of India has  Realized and maximum majority has to realize that apart from being a lawyer, doctor and teacher for tuition, now you will have to pay money to get knowledge by talking to people. In our country, people are ready to buy a plot of Rs 2.5 crore and build a house worth Rs 2 crore. But the architect is not ready to pay Rs 5000-10000. I have heard from my own ears that he should give one of 10 marlas for Rs 2500000. Hey, you are building a house with a similar design, think of some way to customize it, you are investing Rs. 4 crores, but now people have started believing that the advice will come at a cost, you may be able to afford it and not afford it. I am going to give some very good templates in my Happiness Course which will be given on Saturday 25th November.  It is starting, if you people want to enroll in it then you can send a message to the number given below. I will tell you the process. It is only Rs 2500, there will be five classes and two hours of recording. You will also get access to it that way.  After learning the things like, you will never go to anyone for help again, brother, help me, no one will help, no help will come from anywhere, if you are very poor, you will get food, two or three rupees, there will be a lot in KG.  If something happens to the body then the government has made a provision for treatment in the government hospital. Beyond this, if you are thinking that someone will help you and you will become a tycoon, then this is not going to happen, it is never going to happen. You studied for 18 years, went to college and did all that. You didn't figure anything out in it. You think that you spent so much money, spent so much time and you still don't know why. Even now you are asking if someone would have helped.  what about those people  There is accountability and that is why your parents are not able to help you in this kind of clarity. No, they do not know anything, they do not know anything, the college students have failed, everyone has failed, now they will get help from one person.  You have wasted lakhs of rupees for free, you have wasted lakhs of rupees, you have wasted your time, you have wasted all your efforts, now you will get help, only such divine help will come from above, will manifest, will speak, will speak its two lines and you will know everything very clearly.  What to do and your life will turn out like this, it is not happening, it is not going to happen, stop expecting it, especially middle class people because what are middle class people, children, parents have money but you yourself are poor, you have poor people.  No, you are even lower than the poor. The poor earns 500,000,3000 by doing anything, earns daily living, does work. He knows that the children of middle class are 18 20.  19 22 23 24 25 year olds are also roaming like this, their parents give them this way, now they are saying help us so that we do not have to ask for money from our parents and if we go out, now this is for help.  I need money for advice. Now this money for advice is not taken from father. If I work for father's advice and give it to you, then I have kept the advice. Now I don't feel like doing what father said.  This is the biggest problem of not having skills or not looking sexy enough. Many people are not able to release the bitter truth that brother, it is a job worth Rs 30-4 thousand, do it, it is not great, you will have to survive.  But do it, understand this because you don't feel any great achievement in it. Middle class people think that if I do this then I will be able to get special attention from my father's house, this is that 30,400 thousand, yes, not that too.  We are doing this, we are not catching the low hanging fruit, we are not getting the top cup, we are not getting any ideas, we are not spending any money, we are thinking that some Spiderman or Superman will sit here, Heman will come to help us and then our life will turn out to be no one.  Yes, people who awaken intelligence, wisdom and consciousness will definitely come, people will definitely get attracted towards them. Recently I came to know that their lakhs of subscribers are increasing day by day and they are also doing a lot of advertisements, so this is the time for panic.  This video has been made because by going there it seems that he is helping because he tells everything, job, this is nonsense, this marriage is pleasure of the flesh, this is useless, marry someone who takes you like this, oh your god's job.  It seems that who will marry you? You are saying marry a capable person, I am saying that you are not marrying a worthless person, he is saying marry a capable person, okay Acharya Prashant ji, who are you talking about?  married to ra kaabil Do whatever blockade you want, get married in consciousness. Practicality is not happening in unconsciousness. When she goes away from life, then such paid papers come, they play the flute, people go back like rats. Now where else will anyone take her down from the mountain? People have no idea because nothing else is happening in their life so it seems that they are helping, they are helping ₹ 10 0 ₹ ₹ 1 Donation Dakshina 500 Read the book Come give 1500  Give me 1000, hey brother, that is also a very good model, collect two to four crores, then take 10000, it will be enough for him and then tell him, you also join here, you also do the same work, all this, this is this model, isn't it? First of all, that.  We used to say that this was a pyramid scheme and what was this multi-level marketing, make three below yourself, make four, convince people, then people got the sense that this is a mess, it was very popular in India, many and big.  People have been fooled but now this is a new one, this is also the same scheme and it is being made because people have the misconception that someone who will help you is going to help you for free and even when the money is available. Then it doesn't help, it is a professional monetary transaction happening, you don't say this, help me, I am hungry, you go to the hotel, money  You give the food, you eat it, the hotel owner took the money, you got the food, the work is over, who helped whom, then in practice, remove this word in your life, Help, please help me out, please tell me about this, whenever you ask a question to someone.  First of all ask, how much is your fee because the person who has no fee and is giving advice, look at the fee and give good advice, there is no guarantee, but brother, free advice is just free advice, it has no meaning.  Also remember this, there will be help, all there is, there is nothing which is called help, remove that from your mind, you can do something with help, there is always something, there is always something which is professional, there will be good professionals, there will be bad professionals, yes the advice.  Will Be Good Yes Advice Will Be Bad These Some Times Your Money Will Feel Like It Was Killed Because The Advice Was Not That Good This Can Happen  But you went to watch the movie Lal Singh Chaddha, who guaranteed that you will enjoy eating food in a hotel, who said that it will be tasty, people wake up and go to eat who knows what all the sophisticated things they will eat, Sashi and it is not eaten with a spoon.  Pieces are not eaten and people go in such style to many places, don't know what orders they order for mocktails, colorful designs are made and they come in such big beautiful glasses like an umbrella.  You charge them Rs 800 and it seems like what are you going to do, but think of it, if you get something exotic, if you get it cheaply, if you get it for free, then you will not get value for money, it will not be there, it is not guaranteed, but you will not get anything cheaply.  The advice to the youth is this, please remove this help word from your mind, you have to help yourself, nobody comes here, subscribe to the message channel, get rid of all these things.  If you get help from Clarity, then tell me in the comment section. If you get only this much for free, then you will get this much for free. No, no, it is not free, we watch, so we get views from it, yes, at least now we are talking, this is also not free. Absolute right, this is what I also want to say, nothing is free, if something is free remember this.