Hello friends, today's topic will be working in night shift or those jobs which are night jobs. I will tell you about it. This is a very unique topic, I do not think it has been discussed much but if you are learning such a job.  So it is very important to tell you about it. Van of D job which is done mostly at night and is a popular job is being a pilot, your flying is fine, there are also call center people but here I am a pilot.  I will explain a little by taking an example, first of all I will explain to you that if you are in such a job, then it is not worth it, I have already told you the result, it is not working, you are getting, what is my purpose of making this video, that I  Let me tell you, there are very few people even at night and they will have to happen but whether you want to do it or not, the second message in this is that if less people turn off then there will be no supply in the market and there will be demand.  It is what it is, those who do their best at night will get more compensation, you understand what I am saying, someone has to do it, there are less days and nights like this for no one, there are very few of them, we cannot leave them by saying that you will be respected.  There is a lot of respect, there should be respect for every little thing, so those people who are doing less and do not want to do less in the society, they should get more compensation, the world does not run on respect alone, we have a lot of respect for you.  is less than that  It does not become less than adequate compensation. Secondly, you have to see whether the composition is worth using your health and mind because reducing the night time is not on a sustainable basis. You may also get gas, bloating, obesity, psychological issues because of this.  The social system that is there runs during the day, job during the day, coming home in the evening, food, wife, children, their homework, conversation, normal sleep, because whatever I do as a pilot again and again.  Why am I giving an example, because that has to be done [Music] Because you land at T3 at 2:00 in the night, then you do something, all this less, get out till 2:30, then you reach home somewhere in Gurgaon at 3:30  I left the taxi and then you are silently going to your house like this. Now as soon as you go, you do n't fall asleep within a minute, you just go by 4:00, you fell asleep very quickly, it seems as if you fell asleep then.  Till then, the morning activities of your house will not stop for you, children will go to school, that too, look for a night shift school, you will find a maid, the bell will also ring, everything will be reduced, how much discipline should be put in the house, close the doors, just do it brother.  No, I do n't know, I don't know, you will definitely survive, yes, I will just sleep, I have become fit, I have become physically fit and that's it, brother, there is no taste in life, this is what I want to tell you, whatever now I am just  I am not doing Pilates, whatever call center or night shift or American company is engaged in it fighting, whatever you have to reduce the night time on a sustainable basis, why should you do it, someone else will do it, if it is okay for you, then let me lift it.  I am saying that if all the people are doing it then follow the suggested extreme example or no one should do it, it has never happened that 100% people will not do it, but mother lo, 670% people say that it is not worth it, brother.  Those who are doing this will get an increase in their compensation, so they have got some benefit. Now you have to see if you are irritable because I have seen that pilots become senior and in a way, their level increases, but not these flights with orders, for example.  There is no happiness more happy that someone says that I will live on less money, the lotus is your shelter, now you are young after doing such and such, if you do yours then I am telling you young that you also do not need to do so.  Because it is not worth it, it is D message, it seems that if it is of the body, then the body will answer as if it is CP, then only 30 years of mutual fund will know what happened, so the body too is doing such a thing. No, it will be known in your late 30s and early 40s what you have done. Sam's job is office related, I should do this in this way, speak official Hindi, I am in deep sleep, I like it very much.  Scientific and I am not going to tell that by doing, this is the way I talk, just like a friend is talking in the drawing room, did you understand it, it is not working, your hair movement is your matter, your life is all this, it is not worth it, it is Whatever you are doing which is not working is a compulsion, prepare to get out of it, instead of getting into this compulsion, you will become numb. No one can reduce your creativity. At 2:00 in the night, no one can be creative.  You cannot reduce these Mondays, in which you just watch or sit on the computer, you just remain in zone of doubt so that your life is not in zone of doubt and you can live a normal life, you can have normal relationships, you can live a normal life, please avoid it.  If you are there then it is a compulsion but try you come out of date job final job find date compensation is not working why don't those white people reduce the night according to us why according to them we turn day into night Because they have released it, you give them service but it is not so, understand the meaning of the analyst, understand who is controlling whom and who is doing what is right, do the analyst, understand that date is important and respect.  Vice does not mean that normal things should be considered bad but this is the fact which I am telling, only helpless people do less at night, those who have some great compulsion, otherwise they will have to stay at night. Someone left after serving for 6 months, served for one year, there was night duty in between, got a break of two days, the sleep pattern became different, I am not telling you about that, you are given 10 days, 15 days, 20 days at different times in 365 days in a year.  -Doing it for two days is ok but it should not be a matter of giving alternate days or 15 days in a month, I am saying 15-20 days in a year is acceptable.  That's what happens in no time, if that much mother is crying like this and doing this is the point, it is by all music.