Hello friends, today I will tell you a little extract about the subject to give clarity to it. Even if you are an elder, you should also learn it so that you too can teach people to understand a very small thing. Business is not a good way of life. This is the topic we have discussed about productivity and Increase productivity and increase more in the day, achieve more, do very well, it is a good thing when you are in early 20 but when you are coming, a good day and good life and today you  Grow older you will release this when there is stagnation in your life, peace and tranquility, yes I agree, I want money, I want networking, boss should be happy, income should come, children should come, so I am teaching this concept in a very detailed manner in my happiness course. I am fine and this is just part of it not the whole thing it is just part of it your 7 live classes these people took the course if you want to write something in English then ok  Thank you respect, by the way, marble feedback is very nice, it is fine and in future too, I will keep on touching these things, what are the things which are necessary for a good life and what should be followed, so if you want to take happiness post.  So there is a link of an app given below, you can buy happiness post by downloading it, let me know and on that you will get the recording of the classes that have taken place till now and the upcoming punch live classes are still left, third Friday end.  First Friday of D month, then third Friday of this month and then third till first of next month, then from that there were questions of next month, so now five classes are left live, you can add them because I feel that this course will be quite popular in the coming time.  You people will get to know about it definitely but today I am telling you that there is an opportunity to join live. All the people who have joined the live classes know that there is a different energy level, there are off-the-record recordings also but respect. There is voice recording, but many people have told that that template has been told, so you can definitely take it. It is a class of 2 hours, almost 2 becomes 3, sometimes it is even 2 and a half days but 2 hours. So the class is minimum, it is on Friday at 8:00, so it takes time to understand such gay concepts and it is not being taught anywhere, so I take a lot of I do n't know what.  What do you take for happiness only? It is okay that in getting undistinct you are the people because I think that you will not get it because they say no read the book no there is a limitation of the book because some things are not written according to the Indian setting like you from foreign countries.  People keep reading, something is not going to reach anywhere because there is no feeling behind it, nor is there an Indian behind it, nor is it based on where we live, eat, drink, etc. So I understand the things in the larger Indian context that you do in your life.  If you can implement it immediately, then utilize the opportunity to be a part of live classes because the benefit is time. What you see is that people are not yet connected, they do n't know what they are doing, what is happening, is this what, let's discover later.  It's very fine, it's okay, those who are listening right now, you have a chance, you have a chance, the price point is extremely extremely, very very normal, you will go and CD price is okay, no one is your little one. In today's era of inflation, accounting is just that much and it comes down to the same cost. Okay, so this kind of thing, because that's what I am claiming, you owe it to me, there is a lot of demand for consultation and my.  Consultation fee is extremely high and I don't think so, people should go because of that, what magic will happen in 45 50 minutes, okay here magic will happen in 16 hours.  The content will be fine, magic will happen here and in totality, you yourself understand, because the consultation I give is my extremely expensive one, I give it to you people who are level lottery, you should understand it also, if it is fine, then it means this is the base.  I am waiting for you guys, it would be very good if you connect. Whoever takes it, connect me on WhatsApp that brother, it is okay, although the links will be available on the app, but please give the link on the recording app. I am also creating a separate community so that it is not necessary that I finish seven classes and take whatever courses, I will give surprise packages to them in the future too. It will be continuous. Okay, so it is not just one time, it will be there in future as well, so I will tell that.  We will tell people who join, we also keep some bonuses for this. Thank you very much.