Hello friends, today's topic is Are You Ready for an Early Retirement? This topic has not been created, it has not been discussed. The topics that create financial influence are: Retirement, Fire, Financial Independence, Retirement, You Should Retire Early, These are the others like this.  You can leave it by investing in mutual fund like this, then it will become so much when your expenses become this much, your income becomes this much and the income also becomes money. Brother, all this is mere talk.  I have come up with a practical topic that are you ready for early retirement? This means that it is not your choice. You will be fired from your job. Do n't I make tent videos that teachers can do this so that they can sleep well at night? It means that no.  Sweetly she said yes, now I have shipped Rs 5000, now my life will be fine because someone has told me this, okay listen carefully, it is too early for them to retire, the rest means for them.  It is very important for those in their early forties and late 30s because in 45 years the company will fire you after the juice of your singing. This is the message that if you were planning for early retirement, we will give it to you here. Now whether you are ready for it or not.  The topic is because when you are 45, your children are also involved in education and their college students are not married in 8th, 10th, 11th and 12th.  The plaintiff is too far away, is the responsibility or is it too much, have you built the house, have n't you built it, otherwise is it going on, are you ready if something like this happens to you? Most likely, the people I have seen in consultation are not ready, tell me the tricks to prepare.  I am telling you four-five tips to prepare you for early retirement. Here you have to see that I am not preparing you so that you leave your job, I am telling you that your job will leave you, so you should do this first.  Now understand what I am saying, whatever be your skill set in life, you should do well in such things, you should listen carefully to whatever company you work for, how is that company a money committee, then you can know how to take franchise. You know how that company is a money committee, it is a phone company, if you sell phones then how can you make money as a distributor, then take your wife there and take her there.  Is  I am giving a hint that every company has a money committee by doing something, if it belongs to the company, then by entering into the logistics supply chain, it can create its own independence, it can be done very easily and this has to be done by you and those officers who retire at high level.  You are doing the same in corporate, you can give your consultation, there is a lot of scope to do this thing, there is a fear that your company will fire you in 45 and you need to be mentally prepared.  If you are not removed then it is very good because what happens many times is that people holding small positions are removed, it is a small catch, it is late, don't feel ashamed, but if you have reached one level in the corporate, you have reached VP level late, then you have reached something very good. Your status has reached the level, then when you leave the company, even the CEO is aware of it. Now that news has come, why did you not resign but you had to resign, okay, if you leave, then the company is top, that is, a company worth Rs. 7 lakh crores is also known to you.  They leave because if they had a Border Director, they would have to be removed and those who do not have the IIT IIM pedigree, they also need to be removed. This type of consultation on career planning is like what is yours and what is mine? We give this consultation in the team group. If you tell people to take this consultation, then you will see a subscriber group related to my job in the comment area, in which you people will be completely and well prepared for this. How do you move in your corporate and you should understand whether you have utility now or not, as the time of appraisal is going on, is your level one, are you there or do they give different levels to everyone, there is a flood of 12% 10  There is a flood 5 There is a flood You should know from him what is going to happen to you This kind of guidance and mentorship I am no giving through me Kar group me team Okay witch consist of  If I am a professional, have big experience and corporate like or private job then please utilize this service which is of you and this is your return early retirement which is a reality after particular I don't see you working in this job in your late 40s.  People do this world you are going to be true but not in be in these they date you  They will tighten you up that you will not be worthy of them, then you yourself will either get fired yourself or you will be fired and what are the methods for that, what are the things, what are the story players out, my next video will be on that, please watch it.  By liking it and this is called cute quitting, this is called cute cooking, owner rice, what is cute quitting, I will make a video on this too and this is the writing on the wall, like telling something to the daughter-in-law, she has been a smart daughter-in-law before.  She finds out that it is not necessary to understand by coming straight to his face, it is absolutely not good for anyone to do this by doing hands like this, what I have just done, from nobody likes to people want to settle things, a hint is enough for even a sensible person.  So genius means that I will take you people above intelligent, there will be a change in life, so the thing is that I will tell those who are going through this thing, they are able to understand, who is listening very gangster or who He is 55-60 years old, he might not be understanding what is happening right now but this is going to happen to you brother, the note is ready and there is financial advice as well as career advice in it. I am leaving it by giving my hint.  Which will be discussed in details later, on different platforms, while working in the company, know everything about the company, contractors, supply chain, logistics, distributors and you will give them some goodwill. Your second innings will be your first.  The innings itself will make you go to your second innings, don't do other related work because when you leave the job after 45 years, there is no story because an inner selfish team is also removed. The man says, I have earned this for 25 years, 20. After a year it means now it has become like this for me, if I get pregnant then it will not be off for me, everything will be off, the economy will do very well but the jobs are not that great, the economy will also do very well and there will be struggle in jobs.  If yes then what should be done then there is a preparation for it and there is a discussion on it. If you all want to participate in this discussion then please do so and I am telling you again. Also in the comment area you will find a group for people who are employed in a new For this, only the job will be discussed. Okay, I am leaving that thing aside and please tell you to increase your skills, set your skills, enough skill set, will you do a job, increase your intelligence and cleverness, skills. Getting water is set, it is not a different practical thing for those with the skill set, the story is the same, your second innings platform is late in the company, it is good, you just need to know how to utilize the platform, even if it is used in the company, how to utilize it in a good platform.  The woman is with you, she is your wife, a lot can be done in her name, so if you want to learn all that then please join, thank you.