Hello friends, I am going to give you a very nice printed message and even if you are 20 to 25 to 30 years old and have not had children, then this deal is very important for you. Top, check that you are not traveling unknowingly or unknowingly during your periods.  -If you can forward it to mom, then it is applicable for every elder parent whose children are above 10-15 years of age. And this is for both the child himself and the child himself.  Lipid wave new arts and you tell me in the comment section whether it is specific or not given, the thing about this is that many parents will not let their children play the game flight because in that game of life, the parents will keep playing the decoration game. They die, now they have to make mistakes in those games, learn from others or their talent or any of these things, they keep interrupting the children on many things, today I am going to tell you a very good and deep thing on that, if you take this journey.  If the children do not listen to us and are frustrated, I know two or four, I will tell you in this piece, first of all, if you refuse everything to your child at one stage, then you will find out the real thing that actually he is doing wrong. And there the reaper question is very welcome and you are refusing then he will definitely do it in irritation then Jhans tax ₹ 500 Thousands of rupees 2000 20,000 ₹ 5000  That do not stop where there is no risk to their health or physical, one is fine and do not stop too much, which one you have to see, if there is a limit of refusal and there is a limit of tolerance, then they definitely have to do it, but you think of it this way.  Use it like the lifeline of Kaun Banega Crorepati, you do it carefully in this way, so I see children who are two years old, four years old, five seven years old, six years old and eight years old, whose parents do not know the country. Okay, in a little while, something.  And I started doing No Resident in both the countries Weight One House Subscribe Vashishtha Atithi was visible in Play Store so I said its ok then I changed the name otherwise I am refusing it This should be done because I have grown up and have a job too  If he does it right then if he sits down and leaves the skirt and does something else, then he will decide to do it like this and ultimately comes to the phone, he is not doing anything because he is doing nothing physically, so no, this skirt is small.  Now on the children, which elder children should keep, 15 years, 18 years, 20 years, purchase of I have to go for a walk, I have to go there, you are like a tree, he goes that I send him alone, don't forget, thank you, I have to take a call, many times.  It happens that if it is your very special day then say, go, I will also come and I will stay at a normal distance from where you stay and I will not even look at you, I will give my attention to your father. Enjoy peace, privacy is also complete, don't stay with us in my room, stay with only those with whom you want to live, it is okay, but if you are feeling opposition, if you do not want to suffer yourself, if you have some doubts in life, then have a child today.  Do n't send, hey, if you don't land tomorrow, only then will you go, you will earn, you will earn, you will do something, this was an example that many people do not have four mentors, they are sending their parents like a guru, who is like a child batting.  I am giving an example of his batting character. I was in the meeting. I am batting that Hans is very important. We have to watch the match. Hey brother, the fun lies in spreading. This life is nothing but a game. You will take someone's pieces and someone else's.  You will take the racket of badminton, you will take the Atal yourself, you will take lawn tennis yourself, you will score it, ODI cricket, and that I did not ask, it does not bloom, I am fine, you play with it a little because you have done two things first.  You have to see, you tell me, if everything starts doing like this then the player brought the medal but the coach has the knowledge of age but the energy is raw energy and the Brahma is in the gangster, now Chanakya then Chandragupta. Why was there a need for mental stress? You should have done it yourself, otherwise in your life Chanakya tells you something about your child, whose coach is teaching rifle shooting, then if he goes from the ground to his office with a shop bullet.  He is filling it himself and taking it and he is not even allowing it to be fired and is telling her every time that dekar ko aata hai na tere ko aap pantha karti main kar ko dekh rukhsar rukhsar very limited next vest under are less not.  If there is wasted time then nothing will happen then I am telling you as an example, I have been successful in explaining, if I am successful then please write success. If it is not happening then I will tell from a different perspective.  But I am trying my best to ensure that you guys understand this expectation. Let's move a little further on how to live in a relationship. So, every man is a Maruti in a relationship, he is a father to the daughter, he is a father to the son or  This elder guides the mother and son, it is okay even at the time of marriage, she guides the experience of their marriage and one Madhur tells her not to do it too much, this habit will become bad, now she is also doing all the work of father.  70 years  But at the age of 24, another new girl is guiding the 24 year old to do something with her husband, hey, she doesn't need guidance when she doesn't tell you anything that she will not do anything with Italy whereas maybe in friendship she can do it.  No one can become as much of a woman as you who takes 10-20 percent of what 250 55 60 year olds do with the leaves, but if we do that with the fennel leaves then a newly born girl can happily do 2530 with her will and desire. And then the husband can also do something. The husband is bringing his knowledge, the wife is bringing her knowledge and this and the knowledge of the baggage of the old marriage and that baggage is also a lot. Let the new ones decide for themselves, if the boy has to marry the wife.  There is no shame in ironing suits and it is clear to them that I should press suits, I am going to your office, I am getting late, so making tea is very nice, so what did they look like? Beavers are husbands and wives are friends. We live like two friends.  We type amongst ourselves, ok, the wife can tell her husband, let me go to polish your shoes, he used to make tea or do something else, so bring bread and come, it is raining, the husband says, Rashi, I feel like making bread and pakodas.  I am doing this, if I bring bread, then fry the gram flour and it will become tight, then this story of compassion together, don't do anything, order it from the morning, play the giver of life with the latest delete among yourselves and let them make late.  Send that letter, letter, love letter game, don't sit and wait in line. I tell you, many people will not have any idea. Pilots are not born, they are taught, so the inspector who teaches to become a pilot is a pilot. He becomes a good pilot only then.  If he is teaching, if he shows, he himself will keep sewing this plane. So this one will never be seen. Landing at some point of time. I am not teaching anyone online. If I know how to fly a plane, then I will have to maintain a lot of control.  That eye ship is not even a little bit hmm, without that, and this should also be learned, the third thing is to learn and whoever is listening to this, this pilot, please try to put two lines in the comment end also on the explain in button * from how difficult is the latest which is pilot jin-  Who did not teach but learned Jersey His inspectors that how strong it was in the heart Okay happy and prosperous Vitamin E You have to take over If things are going wrong But you have to keep the threshold  Now, it is difficult for a common man to do as much screening as it is for a pilot, but at the same time, they have given something to the child, that is, to give the child so much growth space that he will make so many mistakes, after that, let me tell you one more good thing, when the child  It is said that you say children, keep listening, we are telling them this much, then you tell them, instead of it being the child's fault, there may be something wrong in your way of explaining and sometimes what happens is that periods have caused something very bad.  is grinded well  There are patterns in their life, they have the knowledge of war and liberation, now they want to tell the child that don't do this, he has the patience to explain here, hey, I am telling you, don't worry too much, there is no problem, but you have to do this.  Sit and say, come son, sit and sit, sitting like this, watching you sit comfortably and talk is such that they will discuss distance and after this, if you convince me logically, then whatever you want, she will want it.  Must be because that's why I had set the video to say less, do no logically, do n't cry in everything, development doesn't suit you, you can say this, son, this daughter, doing this thing is fine but this trick is sky involvement right no I am not in this  That's the frame of mind and that's why instead of refusing, I would rather postpone it and then do it. Okay child, so you have given him logic, now he is waiting, so when you create a relationship like this, a small child is interesting.  If the teenager is upset then he will respect you, this is telling me logically what happens sometimes, sometimes you do not want to say that whenever MS Word of money, I have invested a lot, we are taking it home, this is this.  Things can be taken now Will be tight tattoo stage After that what would have happened to you Money does not grow on trees Money does not grow on trees This logic spreads your legs after seeing the sheet So why are you doctors spooning out the frustration of your life like this? Tell him it's a game, resources are limited, no matter how much money you can earn, there is a limit, its location will be according to each location, you have to have fun in some, whether you have to earn money in it or invest in it, in some you have to maintain it, stop eating and drinking.  School fees, electricity, water, petrol, all the expenses are okay, if you call him fat, then tell him, this is so discretionary, but this one is already here, but you have given options to me.  Let me tell you the requirement. Add this requirement in my list here and it will find place in 3241. Okay, do it like this and tell the children to be straight on everything, no on everything, they will tolerate it for many lives as long as they are there, there is a compulsion to depend on you, only then I  I have seen that as soon as a child starts feeling bad, it seems that he has suffered so much. Do those parents even need advice? Who is he like this to you?  Brother, when he is 24 years old and gets your job, there is no need for parents. In fact, they are very much needed because now knowing the other challenges of life, till now you were under their protection and your child is under their protection when he is coming out a little.  Now to him, you are the only one in the world and some good looking guy, so now he is not your lag because you had collected those things for the last 20 years and he was feeling that he has to tolerate them because now he is not able to earn his living.  So it gives food that then go to me today in 24 circles, that's why children are becoming very oppositional and rebellious type and are taking decisions which make their life worse, this is visible in their relationship decisions and jobs in seconds.  As soon as I leave the code, I take decisions and leave 50,000 rupees, then I leave some salvation to someone else, and whenever he does a parody, he does something, now that pot of his, the pot of sin from the police station to the highway, is from someone special but  Whatever was his limit, the parents made it a joint by talking about things on Monday and the parents say that according to him, it was under control, now why not, you have said this line of your Amitabh Bachchan wali or Amitabh Bachchan wali. Only I would say that the one with Shishupala and the game Krishna Chinh is the one that had given that lifeline. If you had done Bigg Boss, she would have been very careful in painting the mist of Justice Jasbir Will Be. This is also a question of whether you have to say those entries.  This may also have to be done without understanding and at short notice, but it will work only if you use it in your life. You are the mother who normally never refuses, but the elders are doing it mentally.  If yes, then that child will also sit like this, what has happened, but whose parents complain about everything, they say that everything is yours, it means green, if you understand, then it is okay, but let's go to this platform.  ok so this is yours  Say you belong to this system and okay so this thing is called on this thing, how do such videos look, you guys tell Vikas, this is original content, you will not find anyone and this discussion, somewhere in your mind, solve this problem, I told you, please write which.  -Those who identify with this problem that yes man, these things you are telling, this is happening, this is shoes and 175 Mila I am not at all Singh's fat. Vada, this hundred percent you will have to say for written test Aishwarya and this thank you will have to but I want to say, parents will have to work hard, development is very easy, say no to small children, why should I do this? Advertisements  Year Old When Should Explain To Leave Every Time You Know It Is Your Duty As A Parent To Put Child And Tell  Him Regional Rural Golmaal No Return True Region Whatever region it is, if you want to tell then you are Because I'm Telling You All the Paris Away in Your Kids Vikram 2535 This Will Be Judged on Parenting Today The Child 200 Can't Do Anything Even His Brain Is So Much  Even if Nisha happened, the judge did it but he will do it, the umpire will strike for years but he will not know what happened and how he did it, then you felt how much he did not care about you.  Brother, we have done our best, we have done our best, we could not have done anything more than this, we could have done this, it is okay and that story repeats, the families where there is more understanding in this, then there your next generation will also be like you, you can do nothing.  If more people come then they too will not go to the deposit setting and they will go into such a country in a wrong direction. Today I am talking about social reform type, this summer is very difficult because first Raja Rammohan Roy Vidyasagar ji who  I would say that it was still easy for him because he was educated and everyone else was illiterate. What is there here? He is educated now only because I have come here with a degree and injections. For me to try to tell him something.  That I know this thing and you follow this very difficult today in today's time it's extremely difficult dress everybody spelling everybody and something else let's talk.  Please enter into it and tell me why you should listen to this thing of mine, hence my request to you is that if you like something or find it logical, then please do so. Those who want to join our family group, that family aunty, this one, this one, are the members in between, you are not many, 10 15  -There are 1520 members, you leave some such things there, what kind of things he is saying, then someone will write in it that he is talking nonsense but he is doing very good, at least there will be some discussion, there will be discussion, yes friend. This can happen and for those of us who are children, how should we tell our fans, then brother, please forward the video and tell me, Papa, what nonsense are you saying, listen, I do not agree at all, you are absolutely right, but look at what nonsense you are saying, so once.  Then after editing, you can say like this, it is okay, there is no need to say this, when what you did was wrong and see how well explained in this, it is okay for you and I don't speak like this, nor can you speak in any other way, of hatred. Look at it from the eyes, it is okay, watch the video from India's eyes, then definitely watch the video from the eyes of hatred and introspect within yourself, you enjoyed it, what happens in the ultimate end, MSG, you enjoyed it, you enjoyed it, CM, write it down, I also understand.  I will go, okay do it whether you want to or not, take what happens sometimes in life with you, what I said has happened to you, you cannot go there and do anything, but brother, something like this has happened to many others and  The only way to know that this is happening is that I am not the only one with whom this has happened, so if I write MSG, then they will write EMERG, okay thank you hey.