Hello friends, you must have heard this saying in English - Change Your Attitude and Your Life Bill, Change Life Coaches, Motivational Group, Grooves, Self Help Books Writers and you must have seen a lot of English Hindi YouTube videos but you have never given it higher thought here. So this is my sense content, I bring original content, you can Google it and you ca n't find it even on 4 secret dates, this is my USP and you tell me if it is this.  The kind of thought process you have done, the saying is very sunny, isn't it? Change your attitude, come on positive, do it like this, make yourself high, I am only a small lamp, who says that there is no hole in the sky, if you throw a stone with one heart, then my attitude is fine.  Now I am late to tell you what and you tell me why because the attitude of a person of 25 years is that of a person of 30 35 years.  50 You will also hear this saying that everyone has an attitude. Bada is showing attitude. And you are showing attitude. It means okay, so why is this attitude so prevalent and can it be changed overnight? It is easy to say.  Have you heard? Yes, change your attitude. How to change it? Whatever a child-year-old man thinks about girls or those of the opposite sex, it depends on whom he is.  What kind of environment has he come into, how has he behaved with his mother, what opinion has he inculcated in the society of women, what has happened around him, how was his father and whatever was there in his system, what was there, who was it, caste and religion issues.  I was trapped in this attitude which cannot be changed by us, I am telling you to do this very good yes someone else has to do it but you have to see what happens whenever you have to change the attitude or go this way  Like I tell you, I also have a lot of attitude but if my life is going well then you guess why do I have to change my attitude? He has to change his attitude. Nothing is happening in his life. Do you also understand this? Otherwise, take your attitude with you.  The whole public is sitting here, brother, many people in life are happy with their attitude. Whoever has a big tax is fine with me, so now he is basically satisfied with your life in this regard.  Bill Note Required You Change De Very Movement You Are Speaking Self Books Motivational Guru And And Sambdi Yeh Mere Ko Bade Mein Attitude Watch Video To Understand So first of all have this knowledge that whatever is happening in your life is not right according to you.  Give only your brother, this is the one you need to change the other's attitude, let's go because it is okay not to change you, people are very difficult in changing the attitude of others.  People waste energy. Husband's husband, wife's cows, parents, someone's bus, employee, junior, it is a lot of fun. Well, the first thing is this energy. If you change people, then what is happening in your life is not interesting to you.  You will get one thing, tell me, I am enjoying the LED video, tell me, am I enjoying this time, just write the image, friend, something like this where we can read it just by listening, see how much content, I am not a very long video.  gonna do  I am just giving a little spark here that yes man, if we have to think like this then we will get less by changing the attitude and sometimes what happens is that my attitude is there, I am getting a lot from the attitude, Sambdi com and tells me mess.  Is it because of the tire that I can get it, I am not getting it and this is a jackass thing for me but I don't know that because of this attitude I was getting all this, now I have changed that.  If I have done everything, I may or may not get this. If this Chhath falls then this matter is very delicate. Sir, this matter is very delicate. Who behaves how? I am not telling the story in such a way that only someone behaves badly and someone keeps doing bad, not good.  Want but what time saying something is working on you tick you it I am also devotee of you right like she is Shivgami in Baahubali movie maybe she is the character of Lady Ramya she has shown some attitude her daughter-in-law  In one scene, people remember that itna toh suits Sivagami's daughter-in-law, why doesn't he do it? Some people can get it on the D message which is of you, my brother, the first thing is that this attitude has been Akashi because unless you are at the source. No attitude can be changed superficially, only I am positive, positive, gold positive, everything in my life has gone wrong, everything has gone wrong in someone's life, where it goes, that is, they themselves say it.  The challenge is brother, he has such a feeling that it cannot be changed overnight, now he has to see that whatever has happened in his life and his attitude, how can he monetize it or how can he get something out of it? Every friend is important.  Whenever a big plane is being built then there should be such a person who can say that it can get spoiled because of this or see that it will get messed up, it happened there too, there are definitely such people in the entire organization. in homes  Everywhere, everyone has the same attitude, Jain, there is a lot of confusion there, there is caste, I have seen very positive couples, everything will be good, no, good, good, nothing is better than gold, big is not worse than gold, that is what happens and  It's okay, you can put negative preparation in it. Negative preparation is that if something negative happens, how can I be prepared for it, like if you look at flying, they are pilots, you look at fighters.  There are pilots who are fighter planes, so you know, but the risk is less, okay, one thing is done by injecting seat in it, their soldiers, then they go on their own, they hold their handle like this, so it is called negative preparation, they are trained.  And that decision making most of the time is not even available in 1 second, it is not available in 1 second, sometimes it is available in mid and within that means 1/2 second, sometimes something happened and people have seen it and the story in the show has sometimes happened.  Have you ever had a story in real combat? You don't get time. In half a second, in half a second, only the person who has prepared for it can take a decision. This is called negative preparation. This is a great example of negative preparation. What is that? He is a pilot, he always thinks that he will be my companion, he thinks negatively, doesn't he think positively, he will never be with me, he will never be with me, he will never be with me, he will never be with me.  I think he thinks positive or negative, he thinks that if I have to do this, then this is a big attitude thing, I am going to tell you guys, this is neither positive nor negative, so even in the name of positive attitude.  If you stay a little less then how can a good thing be made better and how can you have fun in it or how can you do something better then that is the preparation, even if there is something negative.  If it is so then how can it be reduced? It can be rocked or endured or a child can go. This is attitude, this is not escapism. This is called negative preparation. I hope I have succeeded in giving a new concept. How did you like the video?  Must tell, Share with people, Attitude should be just seen from where it is coming, I will leave, date will come, there is a lot of homework to be done, so much on this video of mine, I left it like a satsang, notes.  Make it, I have to say again and again that the one who makes a note, the same note is useful, just understand that the note that is made, only the note is useful. The videos of this channel are of about eight nine minutes each. I have to write that there is such a concept that Guruji has come.  The teacher came and told me that I have not even read the story, I am being beaten in 12th in IT, I am being beaten in Delhi University, so tell me this story, I am telling the story on YouTube, so tell me the story now.  It is being told that you are in the class, yes, you are in the class, even if the class is free, it is okay, give a little more likes, this is all I am asking for, give more likes, a few subscribers increase, if you like gratitude, I also like it, more people  Reach out, okay, because of this space, many people have wasted their time. Motivation, which is time wasted, is only for the help of the self-help book author and nothing else. You should never read self-help books. [Music] How much support is there, born in such a rich family, people ask about personal, Hey, you tell me your credentials, then I raised myself, people enjoy hearing something like this, there is nothing like that brother, there is nothing like this, I know something like this  If there is no such thing, then what is the use of telling it now? Thoughts, same brother-in-law, there is no point in telling your life story, you are the other big nobody, its life story is exactly the same, if two sages are brothers.  If you also talk about two twins, their life does not work in the same way, from home to appearance to clothes to school, their books are also different, so this is the biggest thing, the only thing which can be taught and understood is the power of learning. Formula templates and you will have to tweet them as per your own, you will have to do it as per your own, only then it will be fun and it takes a lot of effort and introspection to bring all these videos, do not think that you will make 10-12 videos like this. In minutes Yes editing does not take much time If there is no background music then there is time saving but this is the insights You come every give almost and make something on you then it is tax and if it is not extremely you can also on tree please make de notes notes Now people will say, 'How will you get notes from this? If you make notes then do your graduation, if the course is ok then do it, you will get your figure out automatically, this channel will come inside you' 10 lakh subscribers, if I keep running Google Ads then the content will be good, I follow the model of the movie, I am good, I have seen it, no sales, no marketing, nothing, congratulations, it was made for 18 crores, it was made for 225 crores, so there is a request to you.  Your closest friend or closest relative or son or daughter or any other good person with whom you are in touch and you send him the video, only when two people discuss it will you understand, no one alone will understand all the topics I have. You can do videos, you need someone, you understand, like you can also practice batting, so tell me, you need a thrower or a bowling machine, if you need something, then these are my videos, you will enjoy alone, you will learn, but if the husband is flirting with the wife.  A friend is sharing a joke, you are sharing a joke with your parents, you are sharing a joke with your brother or sister, you are sharing a joke with a friend and by sharing it you are discussing the topic, what did you squeeze out of it, what did I squeeze out and how much?  What is there in the matter and how can we do it in our life? Only then will we have to put in the effort. I did not tell you much and I will tell you further with success. Many times insights come from such things which are a bit complex and abstract. No one is ready to attempt them.  I have the curd of my mind, many things can be explained easily, so I will continue making date content like date, the one which is more understandable and feels better, enjoy it, but please make a note, thank you.  you very match