Hello friends, why did this topic become irrelevant because it shows a pattern, it does security in my consultation, I also do it, the employees are suffering, this topic is sycophancy, talent and hard work, those who are talented and hard working are also suffering a lot, government people too.  These are employees and those in corporate and private jobs too. The issue of suffering is very simple that those who sycophant have to be fired. So today I am giving you a perspective for free, if you also want concentration, I will give you a job, you will be happy, the claim of the channel is only one, okay, you will definitely become one, if those who are connected also agree, then we will talk. Today we are talking about the point officer of a chatukhor. If you are a chatukhor and it is very difficult to accept someone, then write in the comment area that brother, I am becoming an uncle, my audience is also very honest to me.  Even if you know, please see, are you irritated by Chatu Kholo and Chata Khodo, are you suffering or do not like this thing, sycophant psycho Sanskrit and in that Lord of South Indian audience is also witch is you know offlet joint subscribers like big one request and friend subscribers.  Big two, one big two each. If you like the channel, you are watching this video. I think it is not too much to give one big two likes, but also the subscribers.  There are two big requests in my circle, friends, I have a little request. They are copying and pasting so much of my content. Those who are bigger than me, I too deserve a little of mine, so I am making two big requests. I forget and don't even remember. Rahat is okay, so tell me now. We consider hard work and talent very important, so today I am going to give clarity to all the employees, listen carefully, sycophancy is considered a look-doctor, we cannot do sycophancy.  He cannot be accepted by you because the one who has talent in life will have it because of knowledge and because of talent, he will have attitude, understand carefully and if he has that attitude then he will not be sycophantic but if that sycophancy is because of talent then he is not becoming virtual.  He is just that, sycophancy is a feeling, feeling good about your scenery is a talent, this person has this intelligence and  Knowledge and Academy is not a kill, it knows this thing whenever it enters, I am going to understand you very lovingly, even if the video gets a little long, then watch it further because the notes will open up about job issues and less.  Are the issues going on or am I telling you in free consultation? After giving this consultation, the retirement of people should be reduced. In my opinion, whatever I will tell you, you listen carefully, this is the top management, this is the one below. Management is VPCP very middle management manager etc. then your executive then story yes story you are grinding here story I have become a grind hamster are you ok you tell me then you are saying that friend that sycophant is having fun and my  So I work so hard, I don't get it, so you have to see carefully, you are a horse, but you have to see what are you doing in the middle of growing, the value of donkeys is flood. Because when he doesn't use his brain, he is like a donkey and gives pulses and gives pulses. It is not necessary to use brains because when people use their brains, they do not do that much in physical. There is a lot of physical retirement in sycophancy. Happy Birthday, Happy Anniversary. Party at night.  In the bus, hold a cigarette in your mouth, your lighter is fine for that, a pack of liquor, a party, sir, when you don't want to concentrate, all this also takes effort, the physical eliteness seems more like the decision making you do.  You think that my boss took the decision but for the sake of the company maybe my boss would not have thought this and would not have done this. You challenge him on his authority and you think that Sardar will be very happy. This is the dialogue of Gabbar, is n't it?  If you are talented then you have to take care of two things, if you are hard working and talented and you have it, if you do less with the Malik then he will appreciate it. The top management who is the Malik will be a sycophant.  Do n't need an example, if India is a company, then the Prime Minister should immediately be a sycophant to reduce something below him because you can see through, it has to be reduced, the more the distance increases and the ownership decreases, the more the company will enjoy sycophancy, so below.  Magic is needed at this level and this manager has received direction from above as to what to do, there is no brain here, it is implementation, like a donkey he said something, he did it and did not challenge. He got good sleep in the bus at night but the hard working talented lower employee who is working with donkeys and is a horse himself is not giving good feeling to the bus. If he is not giving good feeling then your appraisal will not be good. You are not Sardarshahar.  If he gives you then you will not be fired from the job because if you want to reduce it, then only you will make it work, he is just giving the feeling, the other one is just doing it out of respect or like a donkey. Give anything less, you will keep the sleeping person, you need appreciation, you are not getting it, because you need appreciation, it is yours, it is just that, I am tolerating you, this is enough, every time you make me fool, so in adequate, I am yours.  I am tolerating it because all this has to be done with less effort and that science has to be done less by you and if I am tolerating it then it has become equal. You will not get praise for this if you pay attention.  Listen, you are a horse, you are sent to run on Maa Lakshmi Race Course, WhatsApp, here you have to work under the bus, which is the owner, which is not so easy that you reach the level immediately, Jain or you are so brave.  If you are a servant then why should you reduce yourself? If your vision is very good, planning is very good, you have talent, you have networking skills, you have execution skills, you have hard work, you have passion.  Why are you doing less for someone else? Either it is not that you think that you have everything in you but it is not that much, hence you brother take the decision of this thing, we filter it out in a small concentration, I am an obscene grower.  Like Sharaf Tank, they do not insult like India, they help in it and you are a horse, they will also connect you with those who invest money in you, which is called venture capital. Brothers and sisters, whoever is fond of startup and wants to understand then  In a good way, with love and without being insulting. Otherwise, if you are worthy of it and have talent in connecting with big people, then that too will be provided to you. Service also I have already started consultation. If you only want a job. So type T, He is not going to leave you, He works very hard, He is very intelligent, He will go a long way, Now the next bus has come which had seen my sycophancy, This bus and the government changed. My job: Have you ever thought about Chatu Khar's security, thought about his hard work, thought about his wealth, he is a happy and lucky man. You will also see his personal life, if you haven't missed it, he has a good relationship with his wife too. Even in front of him, Choudhary has not failed, his parents are also happy with him, his brothers and sisters are also happy with him, ₹700 are also happy because he has skill, that skill is not found in everyone and it is gym, do not tease him, he is his elder brother.  Amul Macho is very comfortable for them now, he will go everywhere, say something lovingly and it will be reduced and the management knows that many times his skills are such that they have to send stories to the offices for networking, some just for the sake of smooth buttons.  You have to sell, you also need talent, so all that comes in less. Your hard work does not come down. You have to see that you look again and again in an ecosystem. If you are in a wrong place, then your hard work does not come down.  Talent is not this message if you are feeling organization date you are not getting appreciated and liked and valued and cherished then do this interest Nandan Vishakha Nandan on this Sanskrit donkey donkey speaking other voice sound culture sweetest language I say you are Vishakanandan and such  I am Vishakha Nandan Nobody feels after Vishakha Nandan is a nice word  Okay, but it's men's do and KIA. Okay, so Vishakha Nandan who is there, he also definitely needs it. If you want to wash the society in a coal mine or visualize any old one, nowadays everyone is attracted and this is ahead and this is where some society is being hoisted on the mountains.  If that horse falls down, the horse will run away, the horse also needs different ration, the energy level itself is different, the donkey will not do it at all, it seems relieved, it has nothing to do with the sycophant, 8:00  If the bus is sitting there then Sir Neha is sitting there, Sir Rohit has packed up, Sir Rohit has packed up and gone, I am sir, your friend is here, what less do you have to do, tell me sir, he will do something, he will not do anything, he is making the film stand.  So many times what happens is that it is like a doctor is doing an operation, four-five people are standing there, this is not what is to be done, he will do something similar here too, you are standing and monitoring, he is the hero man, so the feeling.  thing happens for  The leader goes on to the story and something comes under him. If you look behind him, there would have been 10-15 horses. Are so many people needed? Is that hero on airport look? Have they come to receive him? Let's take a driver, a bodyguard, a social lifter also taken, mother.  Even if there are 10 people, you will still count them, they will come out of Puri, they have come with a cart, sir, it is a game of feeling, sir, we cannot do this in India, we do not need that much feeling in foreign countries, hence there also. Talented people migrate because there is value there. Feeling is very important here. Before that in college, this one is there. We all want what they wanted when our country was not free. Calling a slave would not be a big word because it was.  Azad said, I used to watch those masters and that went into the DNA and the story went that I want this feeling, I have to go there, now you will get that Hello Indian right because now it is not like that there is no different.  kind of  If there are people, then that feeling will be good and they are going to give that feeling. It is running in the DNA inside the ghosts that that and that person should do that if you look at it from his point of view, if you take a mother, you do not have much talent, you do not have much skill, there is no famine.  You have lost your job, now you have to save yourself. If you want to save yourself, tell me. If you have to make a difference, then if there is a big sycophant, then first of all, that person will come out who has less talent and less sycophancy too.  If he doesn't, then first of all he will be cut that neither this is of low value nor this prayer of Salam, so first of all his number will be cut, after that the number will be cut to the bone, it is not that only the sycophant will be thrown out, they will keep it and the hard worker will be cut to the bone, even the hard worker will go.  If you want to do less and also want this feeling, then only this above people also know that it is not just going to work for less, they also want this for less, but they also want these people to feel good in their big, so there is relief.  Is  Don't understand if you are a true superstar, if you claim, think you are a superstar, he doesn't do that, he works very hard, he is talented, he only thinks about his survival, so why do they give tests to those who are going to do less, this is their own.  You who want to reduce something are doing something, reduce yours, if it has enough power, Newton will be there, you will be tolerated, you will also be tolerated and it will not be there, and you yourself understand and if it is urgent, then brother, you will get it soon.  So I would say a little bit that whatever I have never painted in my life can be made black and white, then a little bit, whatever you need for survival, add as much salt as you need for your benefit, add more sugar, dog is too sweet.  Anything will happen, if there is a need for balance then please do not consider it as great, virtual is not so great, it is not so easy, it is not so easy to give your personal time, to be ready to be present, to be available on the phone, to pick you up on the morning of the bus, sometimes  elder  Not criticizing a person would be a quality of a sycophant, he would never criticize a person in the bus and the bus also knows the caste of any critic in the office. If you wander around the bus and find out the caste of that person, his sycophants will tell what is going on in any group.  What is going on will be shown in the screenshot, he will tell you anyway, if you know everything then it is consistent, in this, if you test them, then you are wasting your energy and these people are not wasting their keys, their fox is clear, this is  absolutely on you  While selling, he used to say, brother, our purpose and mission is clear, what should I leave to do, I don't know this, I will leave, I will leave, I will leave, not only did I leave after 10 years, we talk even in a government job, we talk in a government job too.  If you don't get a government job then I will leave it. If you are not getting respect then why are you doing so without any reason and if you don't get it then where is your courage. Do you even know who you don't like? It's just that you haven't got this skill. It's a simple thing if you  Do research in actual, it weighs 40-45 crores, it is not good like this, it is not good like this, so say something, you were not doing this, it is your choice, you cannot do that thing, do not do it in the matter of good or bad.