Hello friends, I will tell you two things, whoever is going to work, especially in corporate or any other setup, do both these things and you will find something good happening. I will tell you two aspects, the first aspect and there is something for smoker and non-smoker also in this, especially if you  You are a non-smoker. If you do not smoke, then you have a huge advantage and that advantage should not be taken away. You are not able to speak, you are not able to observe.  This is one thing and all the non-smokers should look very carefully and if the smokers can also learn something then see it from this. The first point is universal. It has nothing to do with smoking. The second is with smoking. The first point is whenever you go to office  Whatever be your office timings, start 15-20 minutes earlier, reach your office early, people get late, then batting there on the first day is defensive only. Already someone is climbing the head You are always behind that initial 15 20 minutes in the office when you can just organize your thoughts Organize your table Organize your work That's it, an impression is also being created that it has come before time.  He comes and mark yours, don't go and sit in your shell, show a little of yourself that you are coming first, that lift man, that gate man, that leather man.  Anybody who comes later than you will know that car is parked in your car and where it is parked in the parking lot only you will know who comes when and if it is okay for people then that advantage is a great benefit to you and is a big moral right of yours.  If you have come before time to pack up on time, then I am telling you these things about time and job and productivity will increase, you can organize your day, you have to do this, the second thing I want to tell you which is non  There are smokers, they practically save more than one and a half hours in a day, the waste of the smokers and the smokers show such a favor by packing up late, by flattering the boss or by the way, we are so late, these days in the corporate, we are not drinking any water or cigarettes.  It is okay to smoke in groups like this, you are smoking cigarettes, then drink tea along with the cigarettes, go somewhere, then chat and then come back and if you count,  And this is what I am saying to all the non-smokers, Jagga, do a spy, look around you to see who goes to smoke how many cigarettes, when, where, how and how. You will release that Bhai Saheb and he is not one to smoke cigarettes.  When I went, I worked immediately and as soon as I came back, that break on work becomes a bit more. One and a half hour is the minimum, my research shows that people are wasting even two hours, but anyway from 90 to 120.  Minutes and the one who doesn't smoke, what is Max doing? Someone will eat lunch break, someone will drink half of his tea, then he will give you this thing and this is especially for women, I am not saying that no woman should smoke.  She might be doing it, but 90-95 women don't do it. This is also a fact. If a woman is late by 10-15 minutes, it becomes such a big issue. She was dropping her child at school. She was making something. She was doing something like this.  And this discussion on cigarette so many cigarettes, discussion on tea should have been separate, there is no accountability of those discussing cigarette, infact discussion on cigarette is bonding, especially if the boss is a smoker then sir, we will discuss there only what we are discussing about.  That's only ok, we were discussing the strategy and meeting, we were ideating, we were strategizing, this is the condition of the smoker, so the smokers will feel a little bad, you don't have to feel bad.  I have to give clarity that this is happening because if you are going to go at 6:00 and are smoking for two hours then maybe you can be forgiven but it is not your work, where will you work when you have to smoke so many cigarettes and What actually happens to you is that those who smoke do not even clear their stomach in the morning, they come late after consuming too much of it and then remain irritable and then they feel scared of going home and then they avoid going home in the evening.  vegetable of  Bring something, do something for the child, do this, then you stay till 8:00 and then show this to the non-smokers who want to go on time, that brother, I am brother, we work a lot, don't we work from 6:00 to 8:00?  Does it happen only at 00 o'clock? In many offices, there is a big problem for those who work six to eight hours and many people understand it like this, the traffic will be less or I will be sycophantic, I will do this, hey. Brother, come before your time and leave on time or a little before time, this will increase productivity in life. Your balance will speak while saying balance and next time you can quote that Sir, do you know how many cigarettes he smokes? You are telling me.  Yes, I don't get up from my desk, I come here to work for 9 hours, so out of 9 hours, I work for 8 hours, maybe for one hour I am also eating or doing something, but I do the rest beyond these.  also checked Look, these are the big ones, you can see in your CCTV camera, who goes out how often and how much they smoke and what kind of life they are living. The women here do not smoke at all. Most of them do not smoke.  Okay, 100% never happens and many men are also sizeable, those who don't do it in numbers, in quantity, and those who do, do six to eight things, so this was a fact, my job is to give clarity to the youth, brother.  This is what is happening, which camp are you in, see, I will not be judgmental in doing good or bad, I will never be judgmental after coming here, those cigarettes are so dirty, those lungs are like this, those photos are kept when they cannot scare you that cigarettes are  If you don't want to smoke then I wo n't come and tell you, don't smoke. Those who want to smoke, brother, you have your lungs, those who want to smoke, smoke but go to your corner and smoke, don't make anyone smoke and  The two hours you waste should be yours somewhere. At 6:00 to 8:00 you have to work. Don't make a virtue of a necessity. There is an English saying, 'Making virtue of a necessity is a necessity. The work is not finished.'  Now you will have to do it because it is hot, it comes every hour and a half, so in eight hours you also smoked six to seven and I know people 10  We also do 12, we did six, seven, eight, then roamed around, roamed around, came there, then drank there, then drank there, then drank tea, then discussed the tea and the cigarette, then that partner came, then something happened, see how much time is wasted.  You do this a lot there, it is possible that even when time passes and something happens, I will not comment there, but in corporates, there is that wall of trouble, in government, people are busy even after opening the window, if in the office, everything is going on.  is in the government  What is the matter with people who have got big offices even when they are alone, they smoke in the AC, there are such ill-mannered government officials too, if you have identified them then do it and they also make you sit with them saying that I will drink in the AC with you too, so if you are like this.  He is the boss and you are not a smoker. Join his hands. If you ever go to the cigarette seller in the AC, then you are doomed. Your patience will end. You are doing what is happening to him. I have seen a lot of people getting shy.  no women  You do n't even do this, tell me sir, we have not come, it is not our compulsion, if you want to come, then you come out, stand in the sun, we will talk there, don't come to this ass office of yours, this is in the government setup, I have seen it, have you guys seen it, did you understand?  I have heard, I have seen people suffering, I have seen these problems, this is a practical problem, cigarette smokers need to have manners and etiquettes, no one is telling you to stop smoking, because like I told you, when you see so many of those photos, you don't.  If we can scare then how can we scare, we are not that dangerous looking but we are saying that please do not trouble all of us who are non-smokers, who do not want to smoke, this is a simple message and please.  You spread it, ok and understand, thank you very much