Hello friends, I want to tell you a very important thing for all the people, especially for the youth because if they become old then it is not so applicable but 23:30 It is very applicable in this Never ever compete with this type of people never ever compare to complete.  A more correct word would be perhaps. Never ever compare yourself with this type of people. That's who. Starting line is not yours. What will be the starting line? The starting line of our life. People call it socialism and in the name of all this, people have called everyone, everything can be done. It does matter if you are working in a corporate, you have come from the 'I am' route, you are exactly in this position.  Whether he is in a good position or someone is in a lower position, he is also in this position and if he comes from a rich family, his obligation liability is less. These facts help in getting money every time you buy a house.  You get money in buying, marriage also gets more money, your new social status has come and the responsibilities are fulfilled, marriage of two sisters, marriage of one sister, Uttarakhand, building a house for father in Haldwani, treating mother, doing something for the family.  There is no need for the villagers to do anything to the relatives from your starting line. Yes, I am telling you as an example, because your salary is high, but brother, if the salary is high, then how much is the package? 20 lakhs.  Use 40 lakh, 50 lakh, 60 lakh coal of 30 lakh years, but behind them, there are chambers built in Greater Kailash. If someone's ancestors can make a new wave, some wish may become this, this is the truth of life. If you compare it with this, you will remain sad, you will say. I have gathered more, I am more intelligent, I am more hardworking, I am on a bigger post, I keep speaking, keep thinking, keep understanding how much, but yours in Greater Kailash  The rate of the house has become 14 crores, it was taken by his ancestors, it will come into his hands and he is not doing any savings, now if he does not save, then he roams around in big tax. Want to take a photo in front of the Leaning Tower of Pooja with his wife.  Now you can see this on Facebook and keep going that you and your wife can also be there, see with you somewhere, your junior is your junior, this is the place of all things with all in corporate government and also in government employees.  Even among the government employees, people think that if we are senior then we are rich. Who can be the will player role? This group is your junior in the job and you are sitting here in a very official manner, so this is the third generation group.  If your father is a clerk or a doctor or a farmer, then he is one of those things. Now you will see this, collect the car, travel around, share everything, then what will happen then, never ever compare yourself, check the starting line before comparing. Comparison Comparison Saying no comparison is a bad thing, it is a moralistic thing, I do it in a comparison manner, you have to do it, right, heart beat and you know kidney function, they ca n't stop it, their father is very rich, it is not their liability, it is your father's  Loans are going on there, this is how it is going on, this is how their money comes from home, this comes, this is how corruption comes, this is the reason, quickly compare someone with him.  To do that, this yearning, de-satisfaction, it is not that just by seeing it, it becomes less, then in less of it, because somewhere, only the meaning has to be found, someone will harass him, he will be called useless and then those who are like minded, from whose starting line. Well, no one talks like this in this class base, because everyone wants to remain correct for the quality because no one will create this kind of content, it came on YouTube first. Don't think so will you understand because we have kept it in isolation that this is my finance, this is my real estate, this is the kind of English speaking, everyone has kept separate for communication, I have combined everything and am bringing a buffet because everything is this.  Link Every time when you go and you tell me I am of you My request to the audience who is listening to me is that I am of you are identifying with whoever  I am saying please type ID so that I can have peace of mind, I do not live in any other India and you are coming somewhere forcefully and in a small car because it is the boss's liability. That check is older by four years and older by two years.  He is 10 years old, he is more qualified, he is you, what will he do now and this is happening and whatever he is doing, I am telling him also, don't do it, it destroys you, he is eating his destiny. Where else was the luck and destiny born with him, you can't take it, you can't take it, this Sachin Tendulkar scam, playing is fine, cricket is not talent, it will do well, it won't do, what will it do brother, if you sit, you will get good kit, if you get good post, then good  Now there is no need for anyone else to cry on this thing, you are understanding, okay, then there is no need to cry on this, like that Sam cricketer has done his struggle well or no one has got it like this, he is batting from a bad bed.  Like you are doing, you are one generation behind, so he did it, I am telling it as a platform, then there are people in India who are one generation behind and they feel that you are very jealous and the person who is born in a rich family.  He will always keep giving the explanation that what should my father do, if someone's father becomes the Prime Minister and he is born, what should he eat and if the same person is doing less business then just keep going and why did you get it comfortably?  A doctor does not get comfortable. Tell the farmer's son also that I had created nepotism and even on this matter, if the farmer's son becomes a farmer, then it is not nepotism because it is considered poor, if a doctor is becoming a doctor, then nursing has become right here. Got home, a 25 year old boy is sitting, a girl is sitting straight, not doing anything, he is sitting around his neck, notes are coming, head of you is buying a van, he is not starting the generation, he is running a business in a way, just think about this.  don't be a hero now  Now you have the realization that I will get back from him in 30 years, we will work very hard, brother, what his parents did in 30 years, you will be lesser people in 15, and in 18, your wife will also be there, you will work hard, you will work hard.  You are very great man, take it in 15 but you can't beat it by half on the first day, he will travel in a nice car on the first day, will live in a nice house, will enjoy his life and this thing will help you.  There is no need to tease, this country is ours, this household has done the work, it is more historical, not the last 100 years, I did not get the chance, I did not get this, I also become like this, change now, leave the man, father, adopt his parents now, this means  You will get many replies only, if you want to equalize, you have accepted the truth of life, you have seen the destiny you have got, the cards you have been born with, what things have been told to you, you are Understanding This Basic Thing Are You People Identifying With It Tens It Reduces Bitterness Tens It Makes You A Little Bit More Happy Tens It Terms If this is happening to you then you identify If you are doing this to someone then you are committing a sin OK  It's just because you have studied a little and you have learned something and your father is poor. Just like being rich is not something great, in the same way being poor is also not something.  Let's do something great, why we are very poor, we had a lot of struggle, please, the whole country has struggled, the whole world has struggled this way, during World War 2, the condition of all the countries was the same and it was very bad, okay, the whole world.  The whole country is struggling, the whole community is struggling, the whole world is doing it, so it's a great virtualotid to cry, I was born in a poor house, I have uprooted the flags, so it's okay, I too have uprooted being poor.  It is not a great thing to be poor, it is not a great thing to be poor, it is not a great thing to be rich, it is not a great thing, it is okay, we have taken the rich as a man, then why does the poor need to perform the aarti, why should the poor perform the aarti?  It is necessary that your parents have achieved something great, so what to do now, otherwise it was a lot of hard work. Well, these are the stories that I have collected. Parents listen to their children too, so I don't know what is the struggle.  happens to know  There is no need, I have done it, someone else will struggle, it's not date verses, I am not doing it, how did you guys like the video, please share it with people, how do you like this kind of content because when you get out of this thing You will concentrate on your journey. What to give you? Who was poor, who was rich, who came ahead of the rich, who overtook him, who has overtaken him, God has given you his car. Make the capacity of your car. The second one is Mercedes, BMW is Alto.  Desire is Nano, it is going at that speed, what do you have to take, if you are sitting in Nano and want to compete with BMW and want to go ahead of it, will it work or not, you don't want that much, focus on yourself, focus on your journey and Run it in the best way, upgrade it in the best way and don't disturb the others. How will this come to him? How will he come to this? I am a person, a talent, looking better, this is better.  Tha And Ho This Hey Bhaiya That Gather Looking Mini Par Admit To Bada Nowadays Everybody If You Liked Then Like If You Are Watching For The First Time Then Subscribe Thank You