Hello friends, we will discuss the concept of fire again. Youth is very strong. This concept is youth on channel clarity. You people will get a lot of clarity on the topic and watch till this fire is not the fire of Pushpa fire, this is FIR, financial independence, retirement and Lee Bade Youtubers have juiced it, there is a student on the top in it, Ankur Bade Ko Ji because by picking it means the concept of being a father of 10 years, 15 20 years of western people. Introduce something new, it seems that even if there are jobs here, there are talks of retirement first, so I, a leader connected to the ground, who actually works on the ground, has come up with something. How do you like the video? Do share and tell.  You will have to understand what is the opposite thing that is being told and what is wrong with it in life and what should you do in its place. I will tell you what should be done instead of this fire. So, first of all, a little more about the concept of fire. Discussion  Let's do this on the basis of this, 99% of the content on YouTube is in its name, what is it based on, brother, what is your concept that in 40 years, 45 years, you retire early, which is fine and then you set some standards of your own.  Do it or you can relax and what will you have to do to do it. Three tax terms do it in English. It is called frugality basically in Hindi, stingy means do not spend money, do not waste that you  What should I do? Do you need a mobile phone? Do you not want to drink coffee at Starbucks? If you ship it here, then it will happen like this in Excel, it will happen like this, it will happen like this, then you keep your gold like this, achieve the gold for the children.  So do this, do that, then the money will also be less. These five or six words are from English: Frugality Gold, Mini Militia, Passive Income, Money Wing will be less, then you will have this much, then you can assume that it will be 14% and then your  This much will happen in so many years, if we have got so many returns in the past, then we will get so much in future also, that is, if India has scored 140 runs in 20 overs, then brother, if Karan is at the rate, then in 50, 350 will definitely be scored, maybe 400.  Hey brother, this saree can already be priced at Rs 200. This saree is of Assumption colour, the saree is of English colour, it is just a play out, why is it a caste, why is it a hit and why do people listen to all this?  Because you are in pain now, while I am in pain, your life seems measurable. You just feel that you have some freedom. The biggest problem is that you have to be frugal by not spending money. Even after having money, not spending it and giving priority to time gives more stress and trauma. What is the problem of not having a plan for your retirement?  So people hit that million and billion by doing what the English did, Rakhi Bibi did the rally with frugality and took notice and could have stayed in 4 bhk but lived there, could have done it within 1 bhk. Innova Christ roams inside the auto.  By doing all this, you become the same person and then when you lose money, you don't spend it, then you don't spend it. Your child wants to go and eat. Someone wants a cake and blueberries worth four-five thousand rupees.  Thing  One piece comes to Rs 800, no no wastage of your life is over, better than this is the story of poor people who keep working hard and keep reading their aspirations, see parking giving liver more full feeling life, I will tell you in this.  What to do first, let me live out its shortcomings and issues. The biggest thing is that this money is the first money of income. Income has not become so much money and what is absolutely wrong is that it will continue to be received in the Indian Scenery which also follows all these.  By doing Retirement Corps, I was thinking that my expenses will be this much and this much will be taken out. Brother, those who have regular income will not be taken out. Because people have not cut off, what is geriatric care, that in old age, someone will take care of you, you are not in the hospital.  I know you have created on replacement of created on heart surgery on your created, liver transplant on you created on which surgery farana dhanka na uska paisa aapne  I have done it, but brother, the children will not be in the mood of a human being to see you. This means less. We had thought that children or maybe I will not live this long. Yes, in 80 to 95, I don't know how many crores of rupees can be spent on this. This is fruitless.  Do this system of fire with you, then I will retire while roaming around, so I will not go around, oh, the notes will not be spent from you, they just give me whatever is left, saying that when I am done, I will do it, they will not be spent at all.  I am telling He will not be able to buy plane tickets, he will not be able to stay in a good hotel because of his habit Reena Bhai since last 15-20 years, it is not right to have such a minimalistic and frugal mindset in this mini militia, I am not able to do this like two paisa dance bar.  I am not saying this to reduce it, but what I am saying is that in the concept that has been shown to you, there have been many such husbands and Patiya is ready to leave them and die because they have given the story, this knowledge.  Took it, then the story is that if they are imparting knowledge to the children, then their children go abroad. I know many rich people who did not want to give exposure to their children by spending tax money, otherwise the money will be wasted, then they run to America to get that smooth paan and  When we go to other countries, we leave them and this is also the reality of life, why do we take notes from them, that is, in India too, there are small oaks to live in, where you feel good after drinking smooth paan, you feel good after eating and drinking, you feel good after wearing clothes.  Which brand is there which is not available in India? What kind of food will you get after filling up? You can go to Umesh Mall and get such good French food which would not be available in France. Okay, everything is available. I am talking about Gurgaon. Tell me everything about the things which are not available outside. This available list will also be available here, you will get all the things, if you spend money notes instead of manners, but you will sit on it like this, children are far away, wife is far away, did you get Kapil Sharma, what to say, is it okay, did you get this instead of fire?  Now let me tell you what should be done, leave this matter of saving money away from the mother, Sir Fox, focus on earning money, do not set any goal that I will not save anything for my child's education till this age, this is a stupid education. You are not being taught anything to loot any money, this is the system of Illuminati which runs the system to fool you that you do this and that, do your thing here, save money here, do that as earlier people were old women.  She used to put notes inside the rice in her kitchen. Nowadays, they make her put more stories and then say that when yours is full, it is okay for her to break the piggy bank and then you finish it here, remove the thought of spending ₹1 from my mind.  Where to spend it, where are my wishes, then earn so much money that if you want to spend it, you do n't have to think twice. If you put it in the jar, if it gets filled then it just goes around and around, then it's over, then it's okay. Then it's for the child's education.  wedding and  This life of your old age is over like this, my friend, life is over and if you live this life for them then do it like this in great miserliness, this jar will get filled soon and then as soon as the jar gets filled, then you can make a wish and tell your story comfortably, hey brother.  These aspirations will change, retirement will change, opportunities will change in India 50 years ago, 60 years ago in India, be it rich or poor, there was no opportunity, those two cars came Fiat Ambassador.  There used to be Doordarshan, only one channel used to come, then for the people of Delhi, the second channel used to come, there were no choices, who knows which choice will be there in the future, everyone got a chance to survive in the moon, now they are going to the moon after 20 years.  If everyone gets technology then your mother will do it, you did not cater for her, you were playing fire fire, so you only know where you are, what and when, what mother will do. Don't lead life without purpose, on earning money.  Concentrate, concentrate on earning money for the family. If you spend ₹ 10, then will you have to plan to spend ₹ 10? Can you tell me? Do I have to plan when the desire is 50? The expenditure has to be 45 so that the expenditure does not become 52. Planning then.  This has to be done when a man is batting well, making good fours and sixes, then he does not calculate much. If the run rate is on rate, then you know that I will win as many matches as possible.  If I want to leave frugality and all these things, go for goal based investment. Think that as long as I have breath, I will earn money, I will use my brain, I will do networking, I will do skill set, I will do consultation, I will sell knowledge, I will attract people, I will do anything till  My dear, I will earn money and as long as I am alive, you will earn money, then do any calculation, they say that in 30 years this much will be worth one crore rupees.  The value after 20 years in 7% inflation is 25 lakhs, today's meaning is that if you invest ₹ 15000 at this percentage then after 20 years, please tell me the value too, it will be reduced to crores, it feels good today.  But if the crore that comes will be equal to 24-30 lakhs, then why are you stuck in these queues, who will get how much, what will happen today, I have to live my life, in between I have to watch movies, eat food.  When you wore good clothes, your body had to go out, when you don't have to go out, then what will you do with money, then it will become money, then again philosophers will come, other conscious beings will come and they are going to awaken, that too Baba.  Yes, are n't you roaming around, are you saying that you should run away from it? If you feel like this, then it is foolishness. There should be an intelligent way to run away, not the desire for money, it is very important. When you earn money yourself, then you will not pay attention to the expenses.  You will get pleasure from earning money. Whatever I am telling you, you give knowledge on YouTube, right, Dhaba, I don't know how much money is earned from YouTube, no one has ever come and told me properly, but this much is okay.  This kind of free knowledge can be earned so much that you can sit on a higher panel and feel comfortable that you too can do something like this here and there because no matter how much your monthly cash flow is coming, many people  Akshay Srivastava ji also says that my expenses are only two-three percent, then if you give any knowledge, then your story is also adjusting by 97%, but the man has to enjoy himself, doesn't he? A person can easily show a poor back and this is what is going on behind him. It is a good car, the child does not even need to be sent to school, it is necessary to send someone to the house, it is necessary that you send your child to school, it is necessary only if you know your road to this endeavour.  Hey, will you waste your time?  I am staying in my house, bring the best teacher, someone will make him move ahead in the house, someone will teach him poetry, an artist will come and teach him drawing, the math professor will teach him math, it is up to you, then tell me brother, home schooling is very good, then this is good, this is just a matter of course.  It's a simple thing brother, I want money, don't keep your fire behind me in the pursuit of money. If my fire of 24 hours comes quickly, then I will keep that fire behind me, meaning today's fire is on the Independence Rally.  Where will you go to retire OK D Correct you have you generate rate multiple sources of income You have you make your money sir, what is your wife's income, she will have to reduce it and she will also have to do it yourself, you will both earn money and then multiple sources  And only if you do it with your income, you will score goals in this world and be happy. Okay, and then you will not have to think again and again about the expenses, otherwise everything is budgeted.  Keep how much is my expense, why do you have the same sodium currency and expenses, you put the money in the bank, spend with it in a bank or it is necessary to get an app, you have put lakhs of rupees and are spending with this, if only ₹ 80000 is spent 20  If you go to the bank, after your expenditure of 80 lakhs, you have to deposit another Rs. 20,000. Brother, this is Rs. 1,20,000. What is the need to count daily? Today I have given it to you here, today I have given it to you here.  I took the credit card, I took some cash, then I took it out, then I will keep the account and waste my time and show this 50 up to the people, then take the coffee from Starbucks, oh brother, earn money like this, story, drink coffee as you wish, whatever you wish.  Eat this, there is relaxation in it, Johnson shirt, you like it, think like this, first change your thinking, the story is that I am not going to retire soon, I have to earn money till my last breath, then those overs which someone has bowled for 20 overs.  It will be 50 overs. Hey, if you make it 75, then in 50 years, you will have 50 more accounts for your wife. In 20 years, the wife who is sitting at home is middle class. The husband wants to retire in 20 years. Where will I get from here?  I am saying 100 years, this is 20 years, how will it happen in 20 years in 100, you can easily do it in 100, then it is necessary to invest today, you say 20.  In a year, I will stay warm with the thought of today, I will not spend twenty-four rupees, I will do something, no, I will not do that for another 20 years, wait till 95 years, oh brother, you cannot sustain 20 years, if you are 42 years old, then you will have another 92 years.  You will live with 20 years of income and assets and investments can never sustain these activities for 50 years, this is a math now it is absolutely 20  You become a billionaire in a year and you do some startup and listing will happen, that is a reality, that is not happening, a normal job of 20 years with Musaddilal and playing soldier in it, you cannot last 92 years, yes, you can do 42 to 50 and then 50.  You will have to reduce it again, so that your children can do something less or can take advantage of the platform or can start from where you have reached, this is not what you did and that too from here.  If you start then brother, then you are coming again in 47, reduce the power, no, I told you so many years, instead of spending 20 years today, enjoy 100 years and reduce it, even then it will be equivalent to 60 years in front of this, three.  Guna Ye Fire Wali, whatever less I did today, you will still do it for 40 years, you can relax, 40 which Mian Bibi, after accounting for both of them, I am telling you, Mian Bibi, both of them.  After accounting, I am telling you that the cup was very life is very long, it is not going to cut after 75, when you reduce the activity, you have to live till 95, Ratan Tata ji is still investing in companies, still listening to the presentation.  They do n't have any such thing in the future also, why are they doing that, where will that money go now? To keep yourself active, you have to work less and earn money because what is the biggest thing about it, right?  Income and assets and things on which you were relying, you retired early. Technology would have changed things and you became so satisfied here that you did not take advantage of technology. You had a lot of time, there was a lot of famine, there was a lot of patience and that was the time. You did not reach here by utilizing it, you will be happy only with this, so all these people are saying like this that life is not competition, it is a single person's game, the number of runs you can score here, what are these people doing right now?  You will be double sensitive. Now don't leave the bed. You can even score 500 runs here. Unless you get yourself out, you will not be out. Say something but you have to hit tuk-tuk. There are sixes on each side.  By doing this, as long as the game is on, the game is on, meaning the game of life, keep it on till then, you are enjoying later, you are also spending money, you are also giving it to the children, no, definitely not to you, why not give it to the children? should not be given  Have your children got a platform? Have you reached a stage? Is your stomach full? Is your income increasing? So let your children enjoy. This middle class and others will also say that children get spoiled. Children get spoiled, meaning Mukesh Ambani ji is spoiled.  K Dhirubhai was the son of Ambani ji, he has become very spoiled, brother, business decisions come in many colors, there may be problems in the family, there is caste, but it is not necessary to spoil, the matter has continued further and the one who wanted to spoil did so anyway.  Money has to deteriorate, go nothing, you do, it is a big misconception of the people, okay, without devotees' money, a lot of things will get spoiled and without money, things will get worse because if money comes, then you lose something, list brother, this is some incentive.  Behave yourself is fine then please spread this awareness and these people who take your life forward by telling this on Excel so quickly is wrong, very wrong.