Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the youth because he is a popular user and he has a lot of following. Now he has gone to Dubai. Making this video is very important. I, the one who is following me, I had said two years ago that Akshay Srivastava ji will leave Goa in two years.  The same thing has happened, I am not claiming that this prediction was made astrologically, I am an astrologer also but two years, I had said and that is as it has been almost two years. Leaving sa aa pao, I will tell you the needs to answer to his audience. The audience is also common. Why am I making this video? I will tell you at the end, so let's start with the real estate of Goa. He said, come, come, come, I have come to Goa.  Always opposed Govansh supported the video has 1.5 lakh plus views and not only those views there are thousands of comments in the comment section which Gonus wrote  You are absolutely right and today I am going to save many people from many things through this video because what is the I will say danger in following this influence, I will tell you with an exact example, this influence is such that I opened a samosa shop, great.  Make Samosas No one is saying that all the content is bad or education about share market was not good Make Samosas good Make a lot of good Make it very popular  Samosas have become popular, the world has eaten them, so now let's open a Sashi shop. If you are eating samosas then it is a thing of dirty oil and then people are left hanging and dry. Their entire audience is also that and confusion is also great confusion now.  They are saying Dubai, Dubai is right, why should I not go to Dubai, why should I not take Dubai, I will tell you that this video is not going to be just a condemnation that such renting video and something it  Is going to be very educational because this is what will be done first of all he says that I am very transparent and I am selling this and guy its updated and I am living Ek toh by talking so fast in English na that  It Looks Like Things Are Going Right You Don't Have Any Choice But Not to Tell Your Audience That You're Going to Dubai Because Dubai  I have to sell the goods, go there now and sing the praises of Dubai, it will be visible outside. If the audience like you make a video on this sofa, then just keep this sofa in Los Angeles, keep it in Canavera, keep it in Sydney or keep it in Gurgaon, then that.  It is a different thing but when you have to show, explain or sell the goods, then you have to tell about its reasoning and that connection. All the juice is lost. Crypto can be bought easily by coming to Dubai and cannot be easily bought in India, so then here. Why were they selling the world or not, it is not the world, now it has been released that the government in brokerages is like this, government is bad, bad, bad, let's go here, I will do another prediction now, I will again do another prediction for Akshay Srivastava ji, two years from now, I will Leave Dubai will also come back and I am telling you the exact story, how will you say it, write it down and take it.  It will be repeated guys, it's not working out, there is a lot of loneliness here, I am there but the advantages were like this because that story gets played out, the sugarcane story of everything has the same juice, Goa's juice has gone out, Air BnB's pole  Goa has opened, go inside Goa, the local politicians are protesting. Famous top builders of India are not able to launch projects there because of Wayanad land slides and that.  Like things have happened, it will set up for ecological disaster. Govan is folding his hands that brother, don't come so much, pay here and go there, take the property, take it here, my air conditioner has also failed, what is this my biggest problem?  What am I against that I am also a creator, I did this, I am doing this, I am this, I am this, what happens to me, friend, tell me the useful thing, the person will automatically understand from your personal example. Personal Home Family My Wife Has Resigned This I knew from her that if I want to go to Dubai then I have to resign, I had told this 2 years ago because everything like child care leave, maternity leave and all that remains, so it is a fact.  This is what I wanted to say but by giving my examples, many people are getting misguided, hence it is important that any creator should give very personal examples in the  Name of transparency and it will feel good in the beginning but the focus goes beyond that and not on its knowledge. Now the next thing is Dubai. Ok now tell me any shares on the stock market every day. Today I am buying this, I am selling this, I have moved.  Out Now I've Done Swing Trade I Use Jargs Good One Ok Call Put Option Future Or Say This Swing Trade This Trade This This That This That Cashing Out Setting Now Complete  Now I am this oh my God, the next guy is a complete edge exploiter and those youngsters who were thinking that I will become rich by trading, my income will come like this, something like this will happen to me from the stock market, real estate is worthless, real estate is worthless.  When real estate was at juicy valuations in 2020 21 22, they were not allowed to buy it because they said it was worthless, then they bought their own 21 in 23 24.  Showed that there is a lot and everything, it is in the videos only, it is not that, I am making some kind of accusation that it is the conveyance, sometimes what happens is that you impress the people by speaking straight, no nonsense, plain type, that.  The next person says, hey, it's simple, you are right, I will also tell you the seventh point, I will also tell you my new prediction, I have told you two recently, I am not active on anyone, she must be me.  Even today I say, my prediction is that Gurgaon will do better than Dubai ha ha ha ha ha, flats worth Rs. 100 crores have arrived in Dubai, Dubai has the status of flats worth Rs. 100 crores, so many new launches have been made, flats worth Rs. 100 crores and it should be written in it.  Is it true or not that you should not buy here because if you have so much money then you can buy a flat worth Rs. 6 crores in Dubai and buy your car there like this. Hey my brother who loves Louis Vuitton bag.  If you have bought it for 35 lakhs then tell him, friend, you should buy this Alto only, hey brother, there is a Maybach parked near it, the one who is buying Ton, it is fun, he does not want to buy it, those who are buying here for Rs. 100 crores can have it. Is it already in Dubai? May be they don't have the address. Is it already? Yes, it is the middle class person who is buying it for 100 crores. It is like buying a Louis Vuitton bag. Someone says, oh man, this is good. This one buys only Rs. 1.5 lakh Pro Max, that crowd is different, he has different requirements, he cries for taxes 24 hours a day, I also create a lot of content, my channel is only one, government politics, Modi ji and all this.  There is a dedicated channel to create noise, it is not that I am a sycophant, it is okay but ranting on constant government is ranting on taxes. Do this about the country, you should do this constantly, I do not refuse, but without solutions and then you will not be allowed to celebrate being a fugitive. Okay, there are businesses, there are individuals, the country is free, you have to stay mostly there, you will stay here for a few days, 180 days, 200 days. When tax fax is there, that's a different story, it's fine, but don't celebrate it like this and one thing I believe is that if a person leaves the country, then  Whoever wants to go should go for some reason, okay, my video is pending on that brother, then you don't have a moral right, that Dhruv Rathi sits in Nana Germany, brother, do it by sitting here, only then can you get the taste, friend, do it by sitting here. I know it comes with the associated little bit dangerous also it is ok people will say I am sitting here in the dust and here I am speaking and because I am speaking because sitting here and speaking  What is the benefit in listening? The listener will also listen, the government will also listen and the rest of the public will also listen because the gift will be such that you want things to get better. You genuinely want it because you are living here, you go there and go out and then it happens like this.  That's it, friend, you are letting us down. Now I would like to tell you about the feelingless Dubai. After 2 years, this is what will be said in Dubai. Loneliness happens there. The biggest problem of Dubai is loneliness, there is a lot of it and Indians.  Ca n't survive even if you are doing a job, there is a lot of loneliness there. If I am an NRI, please type. Someone living in Dubai is your brother. Write about the failed states of the world. Rich people have come there and have been made artificially rich. Breaking news is this.  Yes N you will also see maybe Akshay Srivastava ji promote others also Sharja will become the new thing now after Dubai Sharja will become the new thing again just it  It is like Delhi, Gurgaon only, same is also Dubai Sharja, now you will get to hear the stories of that place, they talk about real estate rental, but brother, the maintenance is very high, trucks are used for sewerage, the famous thing is water, find out.  Check whether sewerage works in this place or how it works. Maintenance is very high. Second thing is capital appreciation is limited. Third thing brother, citizenship is not available in the soil there. Will you go or come back to India? You will never get citizenship from Mother India. That country has said that it does not take tax from you but it does not even make you a citizen. The country is not ready to make you a citizen. Brother, there will be a waiting list for citizenship in US also for 60 years.  There is some procedure at the age of 50 years, whether you go there, are you paying tax or not, whatever work you are doing, that is not your case here, otherwise you cannot become a citizen, then what is there there?  Clients will come there, they are rich, okay, go here, SIP of mutual fund and buy stocks, stock market, I told these stories for four years, I told them for so many years, it is again like they had served samosas.  Now if you go for Sashi then open a separate channel, this is my advice also because if you have made one because then I will tell you why I am making this video, I am making this video because why am I making it that Akshay All the subscribers of Srivastava should come to me and my subscribers will increase. Guy, I tell the truth, I can't tell lies, it's okay, I have to and no one will tell like this, I am very transparent, you bastard, the cult does not decrease, friend, tell the truth. I am telling the truth of my life. Well, my video is my content, it is layered, call it grey, call it higher order, say anything, I can say whatever.  What do you say because I claim to be down to earth like it is said, I am a leader, a practical person, I have clarity. I have removed the word motivation, I have stopped giving youtube2 and speaking, Vivek Bindra has stopped being a motivation speaker, it is like a curse in itself.  Went because I said that he has corrupted his mind so much. A new word has been coined 'clarity giver'. Now people have started using the word 'clarity'. It is like a word from the dictionary is called ' clarity'.  That's it, don't follow these guys, you won't reach anywhere, they'll keep telling about their growth, now it's like this, it's very good there, guys, look, taxes are bad, it's like that, cost of living is also something, isn't it? What do I get for selling, does anyone charge tax on the goods? Even in India, a poor man does not pay tax. He eats a biscuit of the size of Parle ji. There is tax on that too, so he  If you don't pay tax there like that then it will be taken anyway and will be taken from the cost of living and other associated issues will remain and that too, there are no trees to be seen, no greenery to be seen, there is a lot of loneliness and there is so much crowd. If you are not at that level then you will always feel poor. In India, if you earn even a little salary of Rs. 00 then you will not feel poor. There is so much poverty in India. There are big advantages.  I am here to stay, I am here, Hello friends brother, I can also go, Dhruv Rathi ji has gone, Akshay Srivastava ji has gone, what work am I doing that I have to plant a basket here, I have to sow wheat in the morning and then Crop has to be harvested and this has to be done, this sofa will fly and sit somewhere there and there, there will be a good view behind it, this is a so called dull view of the sea in which there is no life, it looks smooth and minus the sea.  That's why Gurgaon will also become like this in four-five years and it will even do better brother, you are taking more money, buy in Pali Hill, I will tell you which project to buy in Pali Hill, Mumbai, India will do better, doing better and staying in India will be. Better in any way and bar Dubai Dubai Hey in India now you see what is happening with Canada Canada because this video is not to encourage people to go to Dubai Shopping festival in January  I have to buy something and bring it by all means, go by all means, but no matter how many consultations I have done there, whatever consultation I have done with NRIs, one word that has come out is loneliness and that is my request through this video. Because many people look at Dubai, UAE and that side also, if you are genuinely an Indian working there, I am sure there will be cleanliness, there will be some fun, it is a city of rich people, but what I am talking about  I am saying, I am enjoying the taste of living, I am enjoying living, that is not the end, I am telling Akshar Srivastava ji also, 2 years was the last time I had made, I said I will leave Goa now, say 2 years.  I will be leaving Dubai for 2 years. Yes, but the stories will run for two years. Look, this one is so much, one BH is worth so much, there is a rental, a rental, a pental, just like that, they come to me for so many collabs. Because Aa Real Estate is a real estate exclusive channel that now it is not necessary to take the names of the builders, just take the names, do it like this, do the collab, they come, you come, get the ticket, then I said brother, I am not going to come, I am not going to India.  So you will create an environment like that of H and M. Now it is very tasty to go there and stay in M. You have to check yourself, then if the story ever gets twisted, it becomes something like Canada, then where will you go if you have expanded your business and made investment.  Lee Real Estate  If you have bought then what is the exit, the country itself is not yours, why invest in it, then brother, no, I do n't feel like agreeing to the six crores of Gurgaon, there are many more places, Pune is the short ticket.  There is Bangalore, there is something good coming in Hyderabad, no, no, no, in South India, why in South India, if you can do it in Dubai, then there is no problem in South India, there is no problem in India, there is a problem in investing in India by being an Indian, from Jammu and Kashmir.  From Kanyakumari and Apna Bhoot to Dib Garh, the country is so big, there is so much opportunity, there is understanding everywhere, there is kinship, there is acquaintance, there is friend circle, there is so much investment, don't invest in Dubai, Goa has been refused.  Look at the awareness I have single-handedly spread in Goa, what was happening there, the politicians are doing it, people are doing it, I am not going to do that, bring the information and tell the people that.  After melting, you check why I should show the article selectively like Dhruv Rathi, Shik Shik Shik, do a little yourself of Aam Aadmi Party, who are the law makers there, who are the others, who is doing where and what should happen.  And there are protests there, this is going to become a political issue before the elections, the burden of so many people is there because they are not able to buy local Goans, their income is not that big, in India, if you can buy all the Goans with this much money, then the people of Goa will be satisfied. There is no sustainable living there in Goa, other than tourism and tourism also, I am telling you brother, this sea looks good in the month of November December January, otherwise if you go in any other month then go and see Neel Bhate, the silence remains quite empty.  There is no data of Air BnB, it is not looking good, the whole of Goa becomes Air BnB. In November, December, January, Sir, everyone starts living somewhere outside, everyone gives it on rent and people come but this This does not mean that the model is not sustainable, you go and buy it, nothing will be left, it is like running a taxi in Goa, who will drive it, will see it, and people will understand that I have saved many people's money from getting wasted. How about investing in crypto, which may be good, but if you can't do it in India, then why are you so young? Will you start batting with crypto only? If this is your first ball, then go for it. Little by little, buy a small house, do SIP, take mutual funds, take FD, use your skills to trade with crypto, then she will not know the exchange, then she will default, then she will disappear. What is the fate of these influencers? This is a monthly income of crores. You can go anywhere every third month. Anything can tell you a story. Guys, no, this is not okay, no, guys, this is okay now. Guys, this is guys, I like it. Brother, you will become very stupid by singing guys and guys guys, because what happens is, I have released one thing in English, you can impress in Hindi, you will be caught, so Hindi is only used to shrug off such trolls.  For, it is not like that I do not know Hindi, I know Hindi, but what is Hindi in Hindi, if you speak in Hindi, you speak in Hindi many times, you understand that you lag behind in explaining in Hindi, but the same thing in English.  It is said that no one can speak English, your senior guys in a corporate setting, there is a paradigm shift happening in the market place and we are launching a new product and under the guidance of the CO, we are moving from strength to strength and we are Gonna change how the market looks Abe chhutku sa to main naya sauce ko laaye hai Put it in English quietly Why are you telling me friend, it's okay I mean all that is to impress  Things are simple, tell everything simply, stop the presentation, tell the paper as normal, what is happening is fine, so this styling will remain, this money will be wasted for many people and there is more fear, I think this inheritance money is wasted, no youngster can.  Buy Sach Property in Dubai So the crowd that we gathered is no longer of any use because as told to us, we have gathered the problem eaters and now we have opened Sashi Dining, so all I am saying is that it is an advice to you.  Create more channels, we have also created many, many, many, why don't I know how many views I get. By going to social media, I get to know everyone's status that they are sitting with 5 crore subscribers, only 2.5 lakh views are received, exceed the limit of one video.  Pay other wise 50 lakhs 1 lakh and your subscribers are 50000, still the views are 40000. Okay, so how many views are coming and with the views? See how much is being said that makes a difference and what is the impact of what you are saying on the society. That is the most satisfactory. You are not there or someone is dreaming, dream is dreaming or you are not like anyone, dream is you. No one likes all these youngsters, 20, 25, 28, 30, some of them got inheritance money unfortunately, the truth is ok. 14  If anyone wants to invest Rs. 20 crores, it is not there, so I think this was very important that I came out this thing because now Goa's Roka is now Dubai, let's go to Dubai and this was already predicted. Stay away from Dubai, stay away from crypto stay. Away from Goa Go and See My Goa Video. If you have not seen it, you cannot buy so many views and so many comments. You are understanding that it has been typed and written by a human child after reading it.  It is known from the user ID that it is not a fake, it means the English is written in human English and if there are genuine concerns, then this was a genuine video, there is a genuine requirement to spread this message, kindly spread it to everyone.  Do this and do n't stay in these cycles. Don't buy in Dubai is the message just. Here is my video for foreign settlement. You guys have to go out, I am doing a lot of research in it. End  The same thing over and over again, there are always no straight black and white findings that one should go or one should not go, that's why it's taking time because I'm speaking to a lot of people who have done their making, my notes will come out with a very  Very clear verdict brother, what to do that many youth have to go out to study for a job, they should go for settlement, if it is like this here in India then no one is straight yet.  The answer is no, I hope till after Diwali, by calling me completely beyond that, whatever clarity is definitely emerging, a trend and a trend are emerging, a pattern is emerging which I can see and that is beyond that.  If I bring a video for you guys, please like the channel and subscribe. You can also take paid membership of the channel. A lot of mental models have been told. There is a lot more to communication than finance.  There is a lot of paid content on it, it is good, you can try this membership this Diwali and by pressing the join button, you will get it, I highly recommend it, you will enjoy it a lot, so please take that platinum membership, Paisa and Sukoon membership, the name is its paisa bad. Peace can increase in your life, peace will increase and money will increase, or peace will increase with money, time will tell you, this is my claim, if you take it, then give me feedback very much.  There is lovely content and everyone has taken it. If you are already a member of Paisa &amp; Sukoon, then please write something good in the comments for a little information. If you are enjoying, you also get to attend many webinars under that membership. Inside the comment section, you will find Webinar Info Group. If you have not joined any group of mine yet, then you can join it. Like, Share. Thank you very much.