Hello friends, this is a deep topic, it is taking a lot of effort to make it, you put this abstract thing in words, already taking a toll, okay and it is difficult, I am trying and try my best to stay connected, be successful, somewhere, I was able to understand some thing, I was able to explain it.  And if you understand then please write and if you are not able to explain then write that too. It will seem abstract, it will seem like hair order is thinking, it is a topic, it is a word which you remove from your life and your life will change and it  I will also tell you two words by replacing it with which word. If you have understood this video, I will try my best after watching it. I understand that I know that you should remove the pure word from your life, meaning every person would come when you should be doing this. We say this a lot. We have to remove the word 'should' from our life because it has become so pure, that is, like everyone is giving knowledge and the truth about things like the way you are eating curd with curd, the ways in which you are eating curd wrong, that yes, my lap, the ways with eating curd.  would have been  There are seven more ways if I am doing wrong then the right way is a lot of shoot is going on Mummy you forward WhatsApp on the family group Shoot shoot is going on You should shut up A lot of shoot is going on Okay so I just discovered this  This is the thing we have to replace the shoot, I will tell you under the example of want, I hope you understand, you know you should slipperly so date you can get up early, adopt, you are being opposed by many youngsters.  It doesn't happen on time, that's why I took this topic. If you are sleeping at 12:00, 1:00, 2:00 , 3:00, then you should be sleeping. Order is going to go here, so I am telling you in advance, so you should sleep early.  The world speaks, I don't sleep, I don't know why I don't sleep, I don't know why I don't sleep, you have to see this, that's why I can't sleep, because the whole day I was doing something that I was doing for someone and was getting someone to do it, it is not a lesson in productivity like this video.  if you  You see, this is your down time, he needs it and that is why he is getting late, so we have to put want word in it, wherever we are putting pure word in our life, we have to put want there, date, I want you, sleep early, nine, when you put want, your  Want is pure, the world is telling it to be punch in 50 shoulders, want to give you food, put that, let me continue with the example that when we realized that actually it is  Not D I want you to stay late, no body wants you to sleep deliberately late, but his daily routine is going on in such a way that his down time is meeting time, starting at 11:30, now he needs a date of 2 hours to do something like this in his life. Which has reached its order because whenever my penis is not converting into what you want, then there is something which is stopping you in it, there is a scab in it and you have to reach down to this because normal. Everyone who goes by saying 'should', you should respect your parents, you should do it correctly, you should do this, you should do this, then why it is not happening in that, you have to find out, everyone should know everything, everyone should know everything for 25 years.  Suits are known, if you don't know then the world will tell further. As if you say you should get married then yes you should but same you are not getting married no I don't want I don't you want stress  They give and you cannot go in joy, you have to see your want and move towards the want and realize that why this want is not coming, I will be able to continue further because in this learning, the curd of the mind is also of one's own.  Whoever brings the template of I Hope I Will Stop It Only Time, now you write in your book as a homework, how many are supposed to be given to you, how many of them you want to do and what are the reasons.  There are many good shoes too, which you are not doing because you want, what is the actual thing, he is crying, we dismiss him, we become strict on ourselves, no, why are you not doing mine, mother, everyone knows this thing is right.  You also know but why there is no want and you also know that there cannot be want everywhere, so if you are going to the market then through the whole system of the society, you will get 10-15 of your wants which are less than yours.  They  Do it with time, you can increase it. Once you understand a concept in your life, thank you.