Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the youth. Don't commit this mistake while switching jobs. We keep changing jobs. We should change jobs. I also say that it is not necessary to stick to one place, but what mistake are the youth doing? What mistake are the youth especially doing?  It has been and I have got many cases and recently why did I make this video because those cases also came on social media Sharan ji is from Finance with Sharan, he has a startup, no percentage club, he has many people  Now he himself has been fired, he talks about financial management and in Jogeshwari in Mumbai, he incurred such huge rent expenses that he had to cut his job, it is a business, what to do with him, but due to this, many people are upset. For example, if you are employed in Gurgaon, you are like this, Kaju Bhaju, don't go to any startup because if you go there, you will be fired in four, five, six months.  Sir, you have to pay rent there, you have to give a turban there, that is the security which is there in Bangalore and one has to pay a lot for that, a lot of money is spent, a lot of money gets wasted and those who are married and have school children, they are busy with school.  People are also doing such foolishness. I had told earlier in a video that the first thing is to find your work place, do not change it because this instability is causing a career growth. People think about it but you  You should know how much stability you are going to a firm, how much raise you are going for, many people are appointed by some designation changing, I will become the head like this brother, in a big company, small designation is quite ok than in a very small company.  Big designation, when the whole game is about tanka, someone calls me as me, people call me something, call yourself something, what is tanka, I am here, the executive will be called manager, someone will be called VPA.  Who is there, there is no horizontal promotion, there is no vertical, there are many ways to do something, you are stunned, but you consider this, don't do this mistake and this is what I am saying, try inside the startups, don't go because burn out here.  If the rate is so much, so much, so much, then what will one do if no one goes, this becomes a problem, tell me something, then like this, if you don't go to the army, then who will stand at the border, tell me something, everyone's  Do you get fooled by the middle class? Do everyone watch my videos, will everyone follow me? I am saying that there is too much burnout, there is no financial stability, this is why they take it to their heart's content by doing sops. Sops brother, everyone's list is not the same for so many days.  He is roaming around doing soups and soups. He makes rooms. What is the name of the hotel room? It has not been listed till date. Environment is not good. Where will these tents of yours come from? What is the name? Are the losses so high?  Look at any of these startups, brother, how many losses are they incurring? Look at Jagi and Sugi, its IPO has also taken place, it has reached that stage, outsiders will get exit, look at the losses of everyone's scam.  How many are there, you can see this Physics guy, check it out, a few years ago we used to hear the name Baiju Baiju Baiju Boo Boo Baiju Baiju got saved, after that we said, Hey Physics guy is right, Physics guy  Look at the losses, 2000 crores, there is some rain, 11,1200 crores are losses, so better than this, Astro Talk is going on, 99 crores is sitting in profit, astrology is good, people say that it is not scientific, yes, it is okay, it is the stories of grandparents, the same.  It is bringing profit and you are teaching here that there are losses in every startup. Now if there are losses and you will join with an open mind that one of their  A new firm is opening there. Today it is opening in that city. You are being sent as the head and in six months your shop will be closed there and then you will eat because listen carefully to what I am going to guide you, you will become a good person.  You used to work in a very good firm. You used to work in a good firm. You had a good position. You had hundreds of problems here. Okay, a startup told you, come under the canopy, you will get respect, you will get money, you will get power, you will get designation.  Everything is called here, you go, now when his shop will be closed, because you got here because you were sitting here, then you got here, when the shop is about to close, when you run to the next one and he will say, where are you coming from? Coming from Baiju or I remember very well about good aviation because I am into it that when King Fisher Airlines was closed when you know right and its pilots in between you know Sahara was also closed because it  Phenomena has played out many times, Sahara was closed, the name would be King Fisher, then it became Jet Airways, so brother, who is their captain, captain is called captain, this is your captain speaking, he went there and became a co-pilot by going there, he made seven seven eight lakh rupees directly. 3 Lakh, 1.45 Lakh, 2.5 Lakh came directly from Tankha, then it is okay, then the matter gets settled again after many years, but it is the truth of life that when you leave from the position.  Of strength for a new thing it is it is a jump it is going to be a jump but then if you land up in a place where you are not in a position of strength then the next time one you land up where you started from  The stock price will fall the same, so the example I am saying is that suppose you are engaged on 20 packages and the startup brother has called for 25 lakh packages.  So increase at Rs 20 seems very good, however, all that increase at Rs 20, new house, new setup, new rent, new commuting, profit has not started yet, if the shop is closed in six months, will you leave here with Rs 25 lakhs?  Brothers and sisters, when you jump from the ship, who will be your savior, will he keep you at 25 lakhs, will he keep you at 30 lakhs or will he keep you at 20 lakhs, tell me this or will he not keep you?  This is to be seen, do n't just run away with your mouth raised, do due diligence B. Shana Here we have our team of experts who guide you in such things, take consultation, I am not the one, I do n't get in too  Exactly inside this but then and my associates are there. If you are facing this kind of situation and want opinion and consultation from experts then you  CC corporate consultation on the given number which will be found below in the description or somewhere in the comment section, because once before jumping, ask that brother, I am here, I am in this profile, I am going here, if not this company then some place.  Even if you spy, if it is a listed firm then its balance sheet will look the same. Even if it is not listed, then in those startups which get funding from somewhere, these people hire without mind and then release it immediately.  Oh sir, what has happened, after that we give a thank you and then what else happens, isn't being afraid is a psychological issue, it shakes your confidence, you feel that you are lacking, there is nothing lacking in you, that idiot.  I was the one who hired you, the one who didn't need it, the one who didn't know, the one who got the venture capital money, the funding came from outside, the one who had to spend the money, the one who felt that he didn't know what he would do.  Everyone was hired and then they got that funding of Rs. 10 crores. Just like I had told you in this case, the money was wasted. It did not seem to be doing anything great. Now the shop is closed. Now that poor guy had left his behind somewhere. It was going well. How did you like this advice? Do write in the comment section. Like and subscribe the channel. You can take membership of the channel and they are for consultation. People like this and other wise, how do you know from a friend?  Will you do it and how will you find out from him? Everyone is the same on the board, no one knows in the market space, there is a spoken word that what is happening, there is a reputation, many will tell, no one will tell, you may know someone in that company.  If you don't know, he is telling the truth, he is not telling how to know, then there are associates in the market who are experts in these things, then by linking up with them, you can be explained in a very good way with the consultation. And you must take it if you have this decision dilemma because this decision dilemma will remain because if you are not enjoying the job you are working there and you are getting a good offer then is that good offer good? Is this decision making?  Is it worth it or should one stay in the same city? Should one stay in the same skill set? Then the decision dilemma will come further because it has become very dynamic these days.  It has been said that jobs are being created very fast, there is a lot of hire fire, there is a lot of hire fire, so the few employees will have to learn and be wise, so I hope you people will benefit. Like, subscribe, share the channel.  Thank you very much