Hello friends, this will be a very important topic, do not apply for government jobs if you fall in this category, which category is to be discussed, the number of people who are applying for government service, it is going to give a lot of clarity to YouTube, it is very important for my tax audience.  This is a very important topic, please share. If you are a parent, then understand. If you are a child, then give it to the parents. Discuss over tea, discuss in the group, tell the inside story.  I am talking about the latest 2023, I am watching the full video till the end and I will reveal a secret which normally no one wants to do on the public platform of YouTube because it is a very gray and dark area type, you know that is the truth of life and if you  If you agree with this and if you agree with this video, then please shower the comments in the comment area, because of this crowd sourcing of knowledge, a lot of knowledge is generated, people are very good. Many people have written that there is a lot to learn by reading your comments of people of your videos, I am very happy, you have date quality of subscriber based then let's start if you are a person of this category but 18 22 23  If you are between 24, 25 and 30 years of age then please do not come here, I will also tell you the reasons for that, first of all I am telling you the category clearly, if your father  If you are a Group Pay or Group B officer in the government, then please leave the government. Don't even apply. Don't do it. If you are not going to pass, you are afraid of leaving. That is not the belly in the fire and even if you become one then there will be no one in life. Even among clipping and greatness, father was there to meet the group. Even if a boy or girl group is formed, it is not a very fun topic. Father, it was you who were also engaged but the poor or the poor or the rickshaw puller 30 35 city of  India has all these taxes, these are your Pune, Ahmedabad, Bengaluru etc. and after that, count the state capitals which are yours, like Chandigarh, Jaipur, Lucknow, Bhopal, Trivandrum, all the big cities of the South are also counted.  Hyderabad etc. came in the top, you hold upto top 30 35 40 city, if it is a proper city, above 10 lakh 15 lakh is a proper city 20  Population of lakhs is your property, wealth is yours, please do not give it, it is not worth it, I will tell you further, this is the second category, okay, leave the small faces, it is okay for the villagers, Samastipur's will come, Ballia's will come, Arrah's will come, Munger will come.  Ka will come from Supaul, let them come from there, Dantewada will come from there, story will also come from Chhattisgarh, but if you have gone to Raipur, Naya Raipur, then leave Ranchi, leave it, leave the meaning of tomorrow.  If you mean you are from Guwahati then leave it, it will not give you happiness at that time and I will be telling you reasons and this is what Kari said now, the person who is going in selection 23 has to work till 60, 55, 60, till 2015, it is okay, so  I am telling you that the third category is if both your parents work or earn money, that is, even if your mother is a teacher, she still earns Rs. 30-40 thousand. You don't have to join a government job because of your status and that thing is butter, you don't have to do it and the fourth important thing is that I am telling this to boys, it is different for girls but I am telling this to boys if you are a man and you want your  If your wife is working and that too earning money and you live in a good place then please do not do a government job. Wives in government jobs should not do jobs because the cities are such posting places and where else they are not and if he is in a government job then he will live with you all his life.  there will be struggle  You will keep writing letter after letter, tomorrow by referring to the government's letter of 2008 about that policy of location, your hair will become like this, you will not understand what happened in your life, your life itself will be cut off, if ever you are a government girl and she is a teacher, then what?  So don't marry that girl either, I am telling this to the men, it seems that she is taxed by what you have to do, no, who will do it with her, I am telling my audience, there are 144 crore people in India, I am my royal.  There is an audience who can understand what I am saying. I am telling it for them because many times there is a comment area. If you tell me something, then who will reduce it? Yes, some people have to reduce the sewerage also, if they have to do it in Mercury too, then  You do something less, it is not even being told, if you have a choice then you will do it, the world will do it, India has so much population, even after doing all the less things, 20 crore people are sitting without less, so there is no such thing as who means less.  will do whatever Everything is becoming less, the lesson will be learned, if you are in this tax category then don't do it, if you are lower class, come from a poor family, in your family father is a peon, laborer is a rickshaw puller, mother is a maid, then because of men you are doing all this.  As soon as you get a job, you will get a huge jump. You will never be able to get the money from your work because of your social status and the system you have, but I would like to tell you that my second audition is the one that I have given motivation to the lower class.  I am not motivating them, after 4 years or 5 years of doing the job, they will know what I am saying, but it is still okay for them, I will tell them why it is okay, but I am telling them that the system will not give you power in the job. As soon as I am telling you, this is happening, now I am saying it by saying that no one has done research on this and extracted the data. Even now, if you see it on YouTube, see it in newspapers, see it on social media, then you will see your ears and eyes.  will hear a lot  The rickshaw puller's girl has become STM, she took the exam, became an officer there, this became her opportunity, made here in garment, made there, made here, the system knows this, the system is not even giving power now, who is the system, who is the Illuminati, who is the system  Today you will not be worried about who is running it. In the times to come, government officials were said to be good at four-five things. Modi ji took away the red lights long ago. It is fine, there is no corruption.  You will neither get power nor respect brother, if I take out these three things and add dal dun tadka posting in it, frequent posting, posting in small districts, posting in small posts, then are you a Haryana or someone from Haryana, it is a small, very small province than Haryana, you are a  You can do a job in a corner and in a corner you keep your family, Chandigarh Gurgaon bus or someone keeps it on GT Road, then they keep on enjoying the job and the weekend job is the same thing.  Let me tell you with your example, see eight big cities with you which are named, you will start from where you have some education, education is fine, although Lucknow is the best, but you can do eight more cities, do Kanpur, do Allahabad, do Prayagraj. Sorry, do Prayagraj, do Meerut, do Agra, rest like this, I don't know the name, Robertsganj and Samastipur, Mirzapur and even there it is not like that the district headquarters is among them.  If you didn't even know, then you are posted in Ballia, are you posted there and where are your children studying? Are you doing less for your wife? If you ask people in Rajasthan to tell you the names of the lions, then after that they don't know the city. Say Jaipur.  You will say Jaisalmer, you will say Udaipur, you will say Bikaner, in the circuit in the tourist sector, I will say Suratgarh, where is Suratgarh, Anupgarh, Hanumangarh, Sriganganagar, Tonk, Sawai Madhopur, you will not understand what to do, then you.  Don't do a job in Rajasthan Government. Don't go far away and do any other government job. Do n't do it if you have a house in a good city. Why else? I am going to tell you the secret. Listen, I will tell you that only because I think and maybe I am.  You absolutely understand that my words will reach only some other audience, that is the last secret, that is the show stopper, that is the last reason, it is okay if your family was fine, you are not from a poor family, you have a sense of achievement in the future by taking a government job. No  You will get this very big thing, I am giving you a secret, I am telling you a very big thing, if you don't get it, there is no benefit, you will get such houses, if there is a band, then they will not be opened, such houses will not be opened, we will say that the one who is coming from a poor family, is living in a room.  There were six people living in the house. Those who get a three-four room house in the government, there is a sense of achievement for them, but if there is Jaguar, Toto and Kolar in your bathroom and that fresh water comes and it comes under pressure. And all your sanitary ware  The society is good and you have good tiles and good work. Your lions are made of silk and you have made century ply. So please do not cry about the government job. It is okay that you will find termites in the cupboards. You will find sewerage issues etc. in your sink.  There will be grass outside the house, there will be grass in the front, there will be a forest. Of course, if you go to DC, which is only 643 in India, then maybe you can get a system for cleaning the house, otherwise no one does it since then. Saree  Adish and AIDS, the surrounding remains like this, the sipes shoes are there, the pipes are not from the old pipeline, there are sarees lying in the street and whatever system is there, it is the government system of taking the government houses, which are called by different names in every department, now they are not taken by name.  I will defame them but eat a lot of money but the system is there and they don't do anything. If you are an official of consequence and you are in the system, then perhaps tiles, tools, clouds will paint your house, but it will take you 20-25 days to reach there.  It will take years, by then you will be 45-50 years old and there is no happiness in living in these shredded houses. Yes, we are from lower class, live in slums, live in a colony near the railway station and in such systems you have seen it.  If you whip your life then you will lose the sense of achievement and people have to bypass this and in the times to come, I will keep coming to the last point and tell this throughout the house.  Gave corruption, told him that right now something is going to be released on Netflix by Sandeep Bhaiya, he has made all this job from Allahabad, he has made it from Prayagraj. Sir, how is the coaching of the system by tapping and responding every time?  If there was a shop band, then they would have brought out something like this, that region which I was trying to tell about the inner feelings of brothers and sisters, the mother would do this slowly and gradually, turn up the volume a little and put it in your ears and listen.  Because it is not politically correct, anything else is also not correct but people will be very angry but I will make it clear here that I am not giving cast test classes to any class but tell me what I am saying, understand it carefully and with full force.  I try to tell you that now such people are coming into the system who are coming down from the stable, but how to come down then, is it a bad thing, brothers and sisters, should one not become a rickshaw puller, should one not become a maid, should one not become a laborer?  If this child has studied, he should do this and become his own. Baba, where am I? I am from where I am, this saree should be made, but when these people come to you in the bank and you come here to live your normal good life.  There is a lot of pressure, trauma is happening in consultation, I am not getting any dreams, I am not getting dreams that I am coming and making such a video, here I have seen the whole pattern very well, notes have been made, trends have been made and when that form  it becomes  The thing is playing out, tell me, is it a pain of pain that the officer who is above you turned out to be an exploiter and has worked hard, but he is butter, but when you have seen that you are below him, then you can tell everyone about your status.  You get to know where you are, whose house is where, who is dressed how, who travels in what kind of car, whose wife looks like whose children, what clothes they are wearing, the school has spread Raita in your life by playing out their jealousy factor. Government servants are facing problems in their personal life and this Tabla will now have to leave everything. When all of them will become the same then there will be peace. This factor has also become a system within them as to who is the brother and where has he come from.  Then we will take us to the top because every person identifies with himself in life, by his community, by caste, by status, by religion, he is very much ours, he lives with us, we do everything in every way, then suddenly the people of Tabla have been exploiting him for years.  Whatever he is extracting from the collection is right or wrong, does he need counselling, does he need consultation or does he need discipline, he does not come so openly because when he is doing it, it hurts someone, it just gives a little that  There is prejudice within me, just look at it, it says that you are no less good, you don't know how to maintain files, you don't have knowledge, you put him on temporary duty, you go there, you didn't go there.  You, on the other hand, will push her to tie her, isn't it? When she tortures her daughter-in-law, is it at all logical? Is it just because she has to control me and I am irritated with you and you are a spice and Hello to me, this is my basic feeling, isn't it? Rest ask, hold someone's hand, today the food was not cooked properly, when I felt relaxed, today the milk was taken out, today the kitchen was not cleaned, today guests had come, you did not listen to Chunni but Audi above, you Hello, that is not good, anyone can give any reason, it is okay to do the trouble, but that is the trouble, then from this trouble, whatever I do to a tabla of India, today I told the audience, this is only my audience, rest of you also learn something.  If you go then Guruji is Guruji but the audience in Guruji's class is that someone from outside has to learn how to learn. Please understand brother who is a man because you will definitely get to learn because I am not at all like that. He has made up his mind that he will pay this much fee for the song and this man will not come, but I am telling you people and those who come even from a small poor Tabla, you too will not get the taste, now you will start coming from the very bottom.  Meaning absolutely below, because the population is so high, there are so many jobs and out of them, brilliant people will come out mathematically, out of a thousand poor people, one child will turn out to be very intelligent and among the rich, if a little, if from the upper middle class or middle class.  If even one out of 100 is being selected then they will number you out because their number is so high and the income is so high, so if I am becoming an officer every time in India, then by setting up an exam department, I have done all the year's Group B exams.  And brother, if you remove A's then hit the limit, it will be 5000, all together it has thousands, invest ₹ 10000, invest 20000, you will make ₹ 20000 from the net, you cannot make more than that.  Not only this, there are not so many numbers, even though the numbers are less, now this is the maximum crowd, what is wrong in this, they should be given a rock, if Swarnim has a category in it, it is for poor people, then it has become a rule, the one with 50 is there, so it is.  But now what choice do you have and I am telling you that gradually the flow of government reservation should break because no political party has taken power back then, there is only one way for this, to make the government like this.  Do not do any lookup for its look forward, however, rare steel, oil and after 76 years of independence will go, now it is 75 years of government job, its courage has become a company but in the coming time, there will be less, a system is running that postings of one's own choice.  There is no taste of meeting, he is a poor man, he is hungry, post a story to him, he has become an officer, there is no problem because that is his life, even a story was nothing, post it, dog, children are not in school. His social status in the family is not visible because nowadays he does not speak much after calling, brother, earlier you used to be an officer, so you spoke less, it is said that something has happened that today if less is right then it would be right and  If it is wrong then its risk factor is so high that no relative or friend will take it for you, that means no one will take it for you in 3 funds, then it is a fact that when you will not be able to reduce it for anyone, when you are not getting anything which I have done to get it.  Hey brother, I told you three things Sir, what do you say, you must have got it till now, friend, till 2030, I am talking about 24 to 2055. Those who are employed today are already employed, where will they run to yours now in 5 years, 2 years, 3 years, 10 years, 15 years? As many jobs as there are new in life, tell me who am I talking about, have you seen these patterns, are you going through these emotions, are you  Going through the truth, what I told is that he is prejudiced and on the contrary, what used to happen earlier was that the man used to come from the Lat Saheb family and he used to oppress them as if the social system was going on for 5000-10000 years, that too was wrong, now the story because time has told.  Gave it to you, how much do you keep telling them, I am in the bus tomorrow, I am too busy brother, so he has to send yours, whatever you put, on which day I have to know the reservation.  If you want to go on Diwali, then he will be sitting, your reservation is not happening, he will not sign your leave until he makes you a waitlist, if you do it before that then he will make you move one day back and forth, he will do it like anyone, do n't say.  This is going on the date, go after a day, you don't know what is going to happen on this day and you have to be there, it will just be thanks to you, then ask this, hold on, hold on, hold on, this is the visible pattern, avoid them, leave them.  there are two toxicities  Leave this, it is not a job, it is very secure. Do you want to know in detail how much security is there in a government job? I will tell you what is the security in it and everyone else is crying about that security. On what basis will anyone go to the government job, what they are doing?  Now I will also do a workshop on this, how to prepare for the government people, if they want to be expelled, if you want, then write in the comment area that you are working so hard in a government job, etc., that you will get a job.  If you do more then you will get 10 times more money, people provide your back, you are from a very poor family, your parents are not like anyone, they do not help, they are poor or there are differences or they are not getting money or they have a kind brother, keep it up.  Keep it up Munna Bhai, as long as you are engaged, who is expecting you, but if you have a good family, then how did you get an ID? It was a boy from Chennai, IT Chennai Mechanical Engineering, 2 years job with his friends around him.  father has  Forcefully send him to a government job and that boy is in depression type, what's the matter and his salary is Rs 16 to 18 lakhs and the package of his colleagues is Rs 50 to 55 lakhs, it has been two to three years since he graduated from IT.  This courage is ruining the children of the world. Somehow these jobs are created, leave them bananas and their further sense was only supported then, sir, the power that is new in the system has been removed. Like it is said that there is a poisonous snake or something like that, I will not compare the government people with snakes, but the one who is a fan or whatever he is, has been taken out, it is moonlight, it happens, you can destroy the life of the world.  This one is also there, sir, it seems good if it is present, but it is going, brother, if you get it, then keep going, who am I to believe, but at least check the number of A's that you have kept, see this which is a sign of corruption.  The water was running at the speed of a peepal, otherwise it would be so much that it is moving towards the pipes like drop by drop and everything is getting tight. System, band this note, change this, take it out there, give paan.  Two have to go out, have to stay in hotel, have to give here, buy jewellery, fancy fit and in both of them this rupee coin, this digital e and one rupee digital currency and all these come, then it will be Block China and you will know this. What will happen and we came to the government with the thought that it would not be less than yesterday, no one would say hello to you or ask you, earlier passports would have been made to you, how they were made, how the system was, now see people, it has become such a wonderful system. Leave it, don't waste your time, 2 years, 5 years, do n't even give 1 attempt, don't even fill the form, leave it, too much is pending, will not proceed further, if you see the pension now, you will know how much it is, even that has not been made, you have seen everything.  things are getting tight  The government will not be able to tolerate so many employees, productivity will go down, everything will go down anyway, then the future will not be good for the government and after three to three years from now, any girl who has brains, intelligence and looks will be a government employee.  You will not get married and this story will become like this, then the one who is prepaid, your name has been changed in six years because in a government job, it takes so much time to pass that by the time you, poor fellow, have passed, your job is gone.  It will seem that your value will reduce in the marriage market. I am telling you this by making a prediction while watching the trade. Now whatever this is is my original thesis, there is no video on this thing, it is made by copying me, we will become but this is original.  If yes, then tell me how much you agree in this thesis. 100% 50% 80% zero percent or none. Government jobs will remain sexy in India in 2100 and never.  Khushi, there may be many who will be like this, even if there are extremists like this, I will write, okay, that is not going to happen, one thing is sure, so please share, like, thank you very much.