Hello friends, today's topic is Do not disclose this fact to your bus, if this is a fact of your life and that fact is that you live in your own house, especially if you are a junior employee and have not even reached the VP level in the cooperative. Whatever it is, whether it is your family's wealth or whether you do it yourself or what your father is, keep these things hidden a little or keep them hidden completely. This is a very practical advice. This story is on YouTube. This kind of thing is not available. If you have not subscribed to the channel, then please subscribe. You will say why, there are many sirs who are very different, then how come they have come after hard work, have you got lucky or have you got some other support? Do you know the system?  The system also seems to be a support, whatever may be the reason, these people are not telling things as if it was not their fault to be born in this stable, it was not your fault too if you were born in this situation because your struggle has never been this struggle.  He will not agree because he will see his own struggle, this is also a fact of life, his butt is a jealousy factor, these are counter videos, because of what they say, people get distracted by talking like this that people think it is a matter of classes. Brother, sorrow is sorrow, even if any pain from the story is a pain, then don't tell me, now don't think too much of them, say yes sir, we keep on passing, it's okay to tell more jumps and I have also seen this, if you have two things  are there  The thing which is a little less good is that people are bigger than the bus, there is relief on the bus car, there is relief because they live on the bus, they are richer than you, their salary is more, they are also qualified, they may be from ITM, it is fine but it is a liability.  Father is from a very poor family, his two sisters are married, so he and she are late in life, meaning he has come to a big city later in life. If you have been living in a big city for 40, 60, 70 years.  You do n't live in a prison, that is a relief in a prison, even if it is a very posh society. I am a relief in a prison, but in a prison, there is a relief in the prison. You live there, don't tell me this thing. These are the pain points emerging in my consultations, when I ask the priest.  People don't even know I am an athlete, I told them and they are also like this these days because I am late for their separate training, many times, when I have to talk to them, I have to say, find out, you will know everything. So this is my request, please don't tell me most of the information if you agree with this advice and if you have faced this prejudice arising out of the situation where you are in some personal details by defaulter and other vices, what should you do?  Sometimes the disclosure is done, sometimes it happens in an interview, sometimes it is asked casually or in a conversation, sometimes what happens is that you don't just tell it, you tell it to your colleague. He is a walking loudspeaker, sir, what is his, his house is his father's, you are the flat, there is relief there sir, there is relief in Central Park, Sona Road, sir, there is relief in sector 48, sir, the foot rate is ₹ 2000, maintenance is going on 14000.  His inner behavior is straightforward, I talk with my mouth open, in the same way, he is putting 50 more pressures, then when he will see which of the five employees, he has more influence in Jalaun.  You are in the top list because of that, you have to consider yourself privileged. Many people are not so privileged but are being considered as privileged and they are under the influence of forcefully binding you with the social status that is in your form. It is possible, father. Maybe you should know that your dear father, you are keeping your daughter so lovingly, you may have given her a gift, a bill note, another word, what was given to her at the time of marriage, later.  You can also give many loving fathers in Dr., because the luck of the world does not seem to be 498. Many people are roaming around with tickets of the lottery. Well, you know that car. You have got the car from the story also of father or father in Dr.  So don't go around displaying it, you yourself might not have taken the off course and many people also take it themselves because father has so much money and so much support that he was not ashamed of taking his loan, I was not ashamed of tying it, people.  will give to  So he does n't understand the live film, he didn't drink, he didn't know, hey you are a fool brother, so how if you are born in the right place then just put your finger on lips, I am a people hit people in India and I have privilege, I will make a video on this in the future too.  I will stay, there are different channels, there is a request from you people, launch a new channel Guruji, I will pierce a hole or something like this, there is some meaningful program, so please you people, who watch so much here, Jain there too, people have something to learn and empowerment type feeling.  Hogi but now I will not tell you this thing, I am of you agree with me please type yes and if you agree with me then give you can disagree apna aa newton then apna maal aaye by body hota hai to i bill do date de that lot of things bill happen  Then you don't know, then you go, why is this happening with the astrologers, why with us, why with me, this is what Rahul has done here, Rahul has messed up his mind, that's why you are doing such things, is n't it?  Open a little less, if you are in front of the bus or in front of the police, then the office is well managed. Those who are the ones who know everything the most, are the ones who are the most troubled, right, just check the various reasons in the office, or it could be yourself.  Or do a test run, everyone in his family will know where his house is, what his wife does, what his parents do, what troubles he is going through, they will know everything about him. It is a big reason for him to know all that. I am again and again  I want to speak, I have to keep a little sign, I have to keep a little meaning, I have to keep my fingers and lips, do n't consider it as a lie, because next time when you are getting angry, you will say, 'Hey Rohit, Papa roams around in BMW. Have you ever bought a car like this and this?'  That's why you should say that you want a race, if people ask then why does he work, this will also become a fact, your father has so much, you are a relief there, children of such houses work hard, these people will also ask, don't you? Tell me to agree with this fact. I am hearing that you will agree but will not do it. If you have any other star to contract this then please tell me. If you have not yet subscribed to the channel then you can subscribe. There is a membership tree in the channel. Membership money and peace can be given by pressing the membership join button. I will tell you something of little importance and I will tell you a thing which no one will teach you. Chhena Band's Shayan Maa  You can do a lot of things in life by being smart, you have power, don't be a scoundrel, I am making it, okay, so if they want to take it, they can also take it. Thank you very match.