Hello friends, it is a very good message for the war, it is a good topic, the video will not be long, watch it till the end peacefully, there will be a little delay in hair order thinking, I will try to understand and if I was able to explain it to you people, please write in the comment area.  Listen carefully do this activity topic name is milk milk this activity one is everyday that is 30 minutes 30 minutes me ho shakthi hai or one is sour ho shakthi hai but less than 30-30 Don't do it for 30 minutes 30 minutes Here I am not talking about any axis, nor am I talking about any meditation, nor should I talk about anything else and this is very important for the youth, that is what is ideation. Whoever is there, where does social media come from, someone from there, from newspapers, from your WhatsApp messages, through which friends talk to friends about what time they do things in life, then they say, we are not able to know, because you are the idea.  You are not doing what the thought process should be. If the thought process is to earn money, then instead of finding the idea for it, people first look for the idea to do this and then ask someone, but they call it the thought process.  Don't develop here, like me, whoever is having curd in his mind, then I am sorry, okay then I will not be able to help you, but whoever has a little idea of ​​what I am saying and  What is the difference between this set, what is the difference between animation and idea, so I am going to bring very very good membership on this channel and this thing I am going to make a lot of templates for you guys, would you like to learn this thing and not just this thing and also  I will teach a lot of things, I will teach a lot of things, okay, so only IT bill, note, be on date, recording details, but first I want to know, is my audience, if you are going to understand this thing that I said and  If you are going to enjoy, then it will be a gym membership. Just like if you go to exercise, if you have a membership, then there will be a mental gym, so you will come, you will benefit from it, your muscles will be built, if you will enjoy the mental pleasure, then if you do not know how to stay, then there is something like this, no membership.  You can take it anytime, leave it anytime, it depends on brother, if you are enjoying then take it, if you are not enjoying then don't take it but what do you want because here you will appreciate that thing, not for free, time has a lot of courage.  No, less things have to be shown in actual, very less things are different in platform and different, there will be a little fee structure in it, so the platinum which is my separate membership, but on this clarity, if I do diamond membership on youth, then it is okay.  Because rest of the gold and plated memberships are gold and plated and I want to open them by typing diamond membership. Please clarify, how many of you will be interested? Only if people are interested will I open it here too.  This is the kind of thing we want to learn, rest of the things I am teaching different things, but here I am targeting the youth, I am only targeting the youth because parents want to impart knowledge to their children by watching the channel 'Yudh'. Those men who also want to come and some youngsters who have not yet become youth, they are 15, 16, 17 and 18 years old, they are also on my channel this seeking clarity note of motivation, why am I early in the morning?  Why should I reduce that gold, I am not yours, I am not yours, I will tell you as soon as you get a lot of life and your friend has to do something, Cooker Buland himself has done so much, this is not a program like this, it is my program, it is a genuinely practical program, tell me here.  I am not going to tell that in the scheme, brother of multi level marketing, making two men wearing suits and speaking like this and that is no less than my practical templates, you will have to work hard, you will have to work hard. Understanding other things, we will also read about the thing of performance, no one understands either in school, nor in college or anywhere because everybody is just having this think and is doing that. Idiot, bring fresh history, make thought process, what thing will be done, how and vote further.  Thoughts will do things in life first if you understand them, look and catch a trade which I say, there will be one who is an idiot and creates things by processing thoughts and the rest will be the crowd. Absorbs thoughts and then if you want to speak history then how to do this idiot behind these ideas like say chai pe charcha type then that chai pe charcha wali my channel, they can also keep chai pe charcha in the name of membership so infant membership. What should I name it? I also want to ask my audience. If you have some interesting names, please tell me. Is it a good thing to have a discussion over tea or do something else? There is also a name for the membership, isn't it? Yes, it is.  There is so much more in the membership, it will be around 500 plus minus 100, okay, this 500 is also a rough idea, I am telling you, it will remain the same and this much means friend, you go for pizza only once in a month, you go many times. If you want to learn something then it's okay, so if you people want to learn then please join and tell about it and this difference between idiot and idiot is very big, many people are okay.  You don't have time to sleep and the one who doesn't have time to sleep does n't have time to sleep, because you know how to think, because once someone has taught you to think, then you people also take out time because you know that there is benefit in taking out that time. What is your head wasting time, from here to there, time is wasted in life, time is wasted in scolding, teeth are wasted in scolding, or time is wasted in entertainment, if you find a way to think in your free time.  And if someone gives you some advice, please give it.  You bill not waste your time so hope you see me of you in de membership please write in comment area thank you very match