Hello friends, start a small playlist or start a series and if this video is taken by a very pragmatic and intelligent audience, then what happens to the creator many times, the story code gets more posts and the creator becomes silent.  If it does n't happen then it is good to do good because I have a lot of clarity on this subject, so today we will discuss with him. Is it okay to become a doctor in future in my career because children are not doctors, that is, T.  I have to pass the exam to become a doctor, so I will tell him about some such aspects because if we have made him advice wise, then he should become moralistic, then he should become a very noble profession, then that is a normal thing, it is a different thing, mine is less to give you clarity.  Feeling good is not just sitting there with whatever your thought process is, if I come and do this then there will be clapping but if you reach there then there will be counter view in even one of them.  Or maybe you don't want to hear this because even a doctor is not going to tell you what kind of profession a doctor is, what kind of profession a doctor is, now you will say, are you a doctor, are you, can you say, no, I can say with a lot of experience and consultation and Look at all the points I am giving and also go and ask a doctor. First of all, if there is any doctor in your family, everything, mother and father are doctors. Mix a lot of sense in you.  Tu vikam you me note want tu vikam ise n different think this series and this bill b par people hoon are asking give are ready tu vikam anything give are asking how if you don't want tu be comment doctor give then you don't have tu watch this  Na this on this if you want to know then these aspects should be learned from you whether it is a boy or a girl whether it is a boy or a girl look today if you are becoming a doctor in India then you have  There are two-three choices, one is that you have become a doctor now, then you have to study further, you go to the government system, no matter which department of the government, the doctor is there, from Railways to Defense Forces to Lake Normal Government Government Service, Haryana Government, Rajasthan Government. Central Government has all types of systems, your doctor's one is that one, your salary will be fixed in it, in that you get decent salary along with non-practicing, it is less.  It means very little to the government people because even if the infrastructure is not that great, there is a lot of physical movement of people in the hospitals, it is okay that there will be a struggle in satisfaction, money is the only thing for you, the second thing is that you become a private doctor in which you can work in a private hospital.  Start practicing, the third thing is that you start your own consultation, okay and one more thing is extreme, Papa Ji Mummy Ji Gayi Kuch Hai, if that means Papa Mummy is a doctor in the family.  Uncle, close uncle, uncle is like this, that is, it is called nepotism, which I do not consider wrong at all, okay, if there is such a system, then you can fit in here too, then by doing these five things, where you can fit in, then salary in this. Whatever is there in the government is fixed, there is also change in the government and the salary is fixed. When you are sitting here, you are the owner, the next one is your corporate and this is the salary wise, something like this is very picky.  No, but the young doctor is struggling a lot, doctor, and as long as what is there nowadays, I will not call the message customer, patient, it is the other side of the table, okay, so I will tell you my mind set, but whatever people, whatever doctors are listening to my request to them.  You please tell me whether what I have told you is right or wrong and incidentally, I am going to work for a doctor in the near future, can it increase the fear of income because I am personally a full doctor?  Note getting given date is me this think lord people bill se doctors are like this I had also made some videos hospital like that and the same I am feeling on bed d doctor's private if you see it is like school teacher's life fool after  I became a doctor after a while because the public is paying the full amount as if education is not cheap but neither are our teachers who are doing jobs who have made a name for themselves, the hair becomes so hairy then the notes start coming before that.  not coming  So this program has started very late, marriage is late, studies are late, then that sir, the whole life is late, and after that, he starts earning money and becoming a big man. The quality of life is very affected. You tell me, I talk to the doctor when I talk to him.  If I talk to 100 doctors, then I have a little regret, if you tell me in 5 percent, if you are a doctor, then you have worked very hard, but you are not getting that much and to have a name, your hands are clean.  You have become your name, you have become a name in social media, you have become a brand, then it is sky's the limit, then brother, there is nothing bigger than that, doctors are like this, they are hard doctors, they are doctors just like us, Medanta City is so big, that is theirs.  Its IPO was also taken, that means where did it come from, Doctor Area Shetty ji, he is from the school, some of his doctor's names are famous doctors, so there is a lot of scope, but what is his struggle, this is very bad, how much do you think, don't you think so?  that people call you god  It does not seem to be known to the public that Maa's Aarti will be performed like this because there are limitations for the doctor. You know this. I have my personal opinion that the doctor does not get as much as he should, because the money is used on the platform which he has in this hospital.  The hospital is a corporate one, the one who opened it is making more money because the doctor is sometimes here, sometimes yes, sometimes yes, sometimes there, sometimes he poached you here, sometimes he took a good doctor, he took a good doctor, he took yes, sometimes there, sometimes yes, this is an affair.  And then whatever is good for you, then there is relief in it, I will not call it greedy, but now there is a consultation with a doctor, now there is a consultation with a doctor, it is very unfortunate for me, I am not a doctor, I have not studied to be a doctor, sometimes I do doctor's consultation.  I am ashamed of my caste because my fees are so high, compare them, you fear the fees and I laugh, that too, I have to laugh too. You did this, did this, studied so much but cannot ask for that much fees from a common man.  You, because there are many doctors available, it is about this that if the solution I provide becomes popular in the market, then my fee will also stagnate and it will fall. I am making an impact consultant because of my happiness course and real.  State course and astrology course and consultation course and all those are running on the channels. They are running on the big channels. You can also do less than platinum number one there and what time.  Saying this, when the doctor comes to the house and then does the consultation, he charges a thousand rupees. In a small town, he charges Rs. 200, 300, 400, 500. In that, every person goes for 15, 20, 25, 30 minutes and then only one goes, but if you add  Nowadays, only four-five ₹ 6000 is earned, if you multiply it, then if you work for the whole day, then ₹ 180 will be distributed in 30 days. ₹ 180 That is divided, then if you are in a story, go to the post, you have got a story, go to the post, that is Sensoplas to you, then if you are in a job, in a government job, story in the job is a different thing, but in that, I have seen that the doctor has now got up.  So demotivating is motivating, no, I am giving clarity, I am not saying that you doctor, believe it or not, it is your choice, but look at your working today, in the shift system of night, day and early morning. When accountability is very stressful, brother, when it is very stressful, otherwise, if someone has to become a doctor, then he will become one, what am I, what am I, will he become a doctor, will he become a doctor because of my food, will he become a band, will he become one?  There is not much shortage of doctors in India who are being supplied. There is a greater shortage of medical workers which are of nurse level and medical assistants. There are too many of them. In the medical system, is it the story or the body or the doctors themselves? Government is there, something should be done about doctors, I feel like this, you make it a lucrative career, according to me, it is not lucrative, noble is noble, there are many things, noble means if those people do not reduce it, then they fall many times because I can't do it. Already friend, is he going to speak like this or are they sewerage workers? Aren't they good? Are they not needed? Don't we want those who lift the country completely and do n't want those who bring it down in the beginning? Opening graves in the cemetery. You don't want those too, but what do you want to become? This question is your life, someone has to become someone, someone will become someone, there is no shortage of anyone in 140 crores, okay, plumbers will also become electricians, everyone will become doctors, everyone will become this too.  Industrial Entrepreneur Film Actor YouTube So here I am seeing the same pattern on different careers that if there is someone in your system then you know the elder brother who guides you.  You are also a doctor, which is very good, then after becoming a doctor, now the limitations are to marry only a doctor, if you have to bring a working wife, then now you are a Pardisan wife, it is a very strong combination, you are giving birth to a child, you are looking after the child, after that, she  There was not one patient, when the pregnancy came, the pregnancy lasted for 9 months, she got the delivery done, she caught you here, you saw her for three-four years, then the second year went on for five years, then she had her second child, then she was the one.  If you find a couple, then together they become your customer base for the year. It is a very good thing, but the question is that after MBBS, getting a degree in Pediatrician, then meeting that girl, then getting married to the girl, getting married and having children of your own. And then while doing this program to manage, when will you be 45 years of age, caste is not known, tell me, I have been there for six years, after going to 45 till the breath, then you were working on big money for 18 years.  When I had given the NEET exam at the age of 17, he used to say that there is some trouble in life, if you have to leave some corner for yourself, then you have to check how much corner is there, how much study you have done in 17-18 years, you have not lost, it means you.  If selected, if you add 25 years then you will be 42. After 25 years, you get a breather, where the doctor has to be respected, he has to say Namaste. Let's start with brother doctor.  Get the mail from sir Get it from sir By doing this, it is a long journey till then, in today's era, people are running this fire system, for those who are financially retired, people have gone to dream of retirement till the time doctor sir.  They are set then from 42 to 62 it works very well but the biggest problem is that the doctor seems to me to have the biggest problem that I am talking about such a profession here again and again moral.  Don't be a stickler, please no, it has to be physical and there is stress. I have seen patients in medical colleges and all. I have data too, that is, the doctor is looking at the patient etc. that he is not my relative. You do n't even want to be a doctor.  I know because for the sake of the patient, he is killing the patient who has come with him. The doctor has to drink tea and has to go to his doctor. Brother, no matter how much it is an emergency for you, how can it be for you? One income from my heart is 200 income per day for him. He is  He also used to be a doctor who smokes cigarettes. You must know that the one who wants to smoke has to smoke, brother, you know that his head will get fat. If you want to drink tea, then eat biscuits, then you need energy. The whole situation is about eating and drinking. I talk to girls who is a doctor.  These are the things that are in my pocket, I have a lot of support, I need such people in every way, because I feel that I will cry many times, so I asked who made this video that you don't even have a corner to mentally prepare, you will get a lot of money in the water.  If you get the ultrasound one, this radio one or many other things, the one that is available is like this, but brother, look at its fiber, it has 50000 seats, it has 10000 SIMs, these doctors are making 50000, mother, only 10 of them are being made in a year.  There are its fibers, there is titration, then there is that reservation system, this system is mine, I did not get what I wanted, I got money, I got the college, I did not get it, they consider me a consultant and I also give it. Now tell me friend, how do you give the advice that doctors can give? They ask me, Sir, hold this one, I am not gay, hold it, hold it. As soon as the message comes, many of you will say, friend, where are you, Doctor Saheb, after getting qualified, ISP also gives consultation.  I know that this type of grip is like this grip, it is in great demand in the market, it is in great demand, it is the best combination for marriage, which I have told you about Gyanni and Prediction, the best good one is  The sweet has to be increased by doing an operation at the same place, which means the child has to be increased in the department where the child is born. The rest of the story is that the stomach gets cut, that sweet is not there and there is so much of it. How many tanks are used in a cesarean operation and there is clapping, so the profession of a doctor is stressful.  Demands You are a particular kid of nature, a little fixed and a little belligerent and very clear if you are a little emotional person and you get respect.  If issues arise, then basically I would say, if I speak a little from within, it should be like this, I am a doctor, I am doing great [ __ ]. Every doctor should have the same attitude that I am doing great [ __ ]. Never ask all these crazy things.  You will not understand because if you go towards the public for a doctor, because then what happens in the system, when it becomes so much yours, then the story starts with the wrong practice going forward, this is also because of that.  Back  This is a journey of collecting things which started from the age of 18-19, I studied like this, I know how much I have to do, this note is made, do this, do this, do this and this, it is the same thing, it is the same thing, it is not going to get distracted, it is okay, cleanliness.  No, this is not Banda, you know that staying in the middle of the whole day is the Aadhaar letter, but if you choose a career, I feel that some systems should be like this, the doctor's incentive is fixed, very nice, it is written to me in private. This is one thing, they take a lot of money for the bed and the rest of them take a lot of money for the equipment that comes, keep visiting the doctor, if the teacher is getting money, then there is a big offer for the doctor, you can increase your income.  How can I increase it in an ethically and legitimate way, in a good way and you do not have to resort to these doctors? The story is better by reducing the salary of your hospital which is less, because you are a doctor, you can earn more money, in this regard.  In  I will do Wagner, you can subscribe me which is inside the comment area, whenever the information comes, you can join it or you can WhatsApp me doctor, okay doctor, I wrote it because I want you tell me doctor something witch  Give it no, they will say, not only the doctor will teach you, the doctor will teach you how to do your marketing, how to improve your life, the hard work you did for which you are not getting that much results, your income should be exponential.  I don't know how to do that and the public is also benefited in it. I will not tell you anything that will be of any harm to the public. How to connect you, what all you can do. So I bill, I want you to reach out, you doctor, you give help only because of the great feeling from inside.  For a doctor, I myself feel that the hospital is a dog of money, some doctors may also be raising money and some doctors may not be that good, but in the matter of one or two percent, the condition of 97% and 98% is also not that good.  More videos like this can be made on career and also on those. If you want on which career, then you can tell me, maybe in the coming time, I will bring some expert who will give genuine inside information because you know when my  So I know the thing, but when I talk to the expert, you will like my questions very much, the inside talk because coming out and telling only the good things about your profession is a natural thing, so everyone will tell who.  Told that it is there in me, it is there in everyone's life, you know about everyone, then you have to see that friend, that is, which one is more suitable for me, according to my nature, according to my life situation, then you have to understand that you are good.  Because you have seen the life of those whose parents are doctors. The one who does not have any doctor at home, he knows the system either by watching a movie or by seeing a doctor. For him, he knows what is going to happen in reality. What will happen to me?  I will reach the account, how much will I do?  Because if people who work less hard than you or are less educated earn more money than you, then you feel pain. You feel pain because throughout your life you cannot go on the fact that I serve, I serve because those whom I serve,  Even if DK goes to the street, you feel proud of me from inside that I am very close to him in the profession, it is God's distinguishing, which I also agree, but he should also be a flower, I agree, but you are not a flower at all.  someone else would have spoken  Is it or anyone is telling you anything like this? You are feeling helpless and under a lot of stress. If the doctor will definitely respond then I will try to remove it. I will try to remove it from the middle of the tower. I know your issues. You will take some issues, we will discuss them and you will  Please Jadeja will take you to the best level, there is a video for doctor, Sher Karega and those who want to become doctors, thank you very much