Hello friends, do you get the truth, it becomes like this by eating, pick it up on time, pick it up in Brahma Marat, this is your problem, this is how life is, it will be like this because at times, the youth speaks to the mothers, this is that, a little.  After listening to this, then after doing further research, they give all those videos to the children about food and this one is about mothers, in general family, there must be some relative like this or some woman, there is poison in this food and that in food.  poison like this  By doing poison here, poison here, this disease, because of this, that disease, because of this, because of this, this is very common and there is an important thing which is not being discussed, no one is making any video beyond that, that video is not being forwarded, that  This video is that one, this video is about who should India talk to, Indian families and in our WhatsApp2, India has the best choices. Historically, they must have been in India for the last 75 years, which means hunger has also reduced.  Choices have also increased and now food is not so much an issue in India. What is the issue in India that needs to be discussed and which I want to highlight. Rest of the diseases are already being highlighted. Do it like this, do it like that.  Be it, everyone is wishing that nothing comes of it and everything is like this, do this, do this, do this, do this, do meditation, calm the mind, the main thing is not being talked about, that is.  Emotional Health Son, how are you, daughter, how are you, how are you feeling, what are the issues, do n't eat on that, eat right, eat right, eat right, all these women who were born in 1950-1960, did not know how to eat in childhood. Food must have been a big motive. These parents have fed their children well. This generation has fed its children well by making sacrifices in wearing good clothes. Now this is the thinking.  Those who are the next generation because these forwarders are mostly grandmothers and more of them come, these food issues will also be there in the next generation, by eating good food you can remove the problems of life, so this is the message to the very elderly and  With great respect the message is that now India does not have food issues but emotional issues. When India was struggling in food and clothing, yes, it was a big thing but now it is not so. Now you can hear this again and again to a youngster.  If you send a message like this he will get irritated, he is saying that you are an elder in my family, you are so senior than me, you do not understand what are my actual issues, can't you really address them, can you actually talk about them, this 24  Wake up in the morning and eat this. Get up in the image of Brahma. Do this. Hey, how did you wake up in the image of Brahma? Madam, at 7:00 am, 7:30.  He doesn't leave the boss till 8:00, he doesn't reach home till 8:30, he takes bath and then eats something and then he won't be able to sleep at all because you yourself have said that we should eat 3 hours before sleeping, so that means 3 hours after eating.  If you want to sleep, then you have to eat. If someone has a meeting at 9:00, you can't do that. Go and talk to his boss. No, he can't eat at 5:30 in the office itself. Brother, that's it.  1200 12:30 He is sleeping, he will not wake up in Brahma Muhurat 3:30 pm People Have to Release This That Nobody Has Told This In historical mankind, not all people used to wake up in Brahma Muhurat, it is not necessary for everyone to wake up at the same time  It is not necessary that you tell me this, take the example of Historic India or go to the ancient hunter's age while hunting.  There was no agriculture, so everyone used to do some work all the time, some hunter would get up early in the morning and go, then he would kill the animals and bring them back, then he would have some program, he would do something else, some would sleep at some time, and stay awake at some time.  There was a shift system, there has always been a shift system, so the people who work at night, the work goes on in the world, so what should they do now, they are standing in the same way as in the Brahma Murat, they are standing in the earlier position, so to each his own.  is every  According to the tendencies of a person's body, it is said that we are Kapha, Vata, Pitta and according to that balance, his body tells him what is good for him and what is not, for many, only potatoes are fine and they eat them.  Now there are many elderly people, they did all their programs and some of their bodies got spoiled. Now their bodies got spoiled and they did all the programs, so they thought that they should do this program, hence their body got spoiled. There is no direct research on this from medical science.  and other wise  Emotional Health and Emotions and How You Feel About Life Has Got Direct Bearing Charlie Late Charlie Manger and Apna Warrant Buffett Still Eat This They Used to Eat Junk They Used to Say We Eat Like 11 Year Olds That's 90 Crossed Karkar Direct Link I am not here  I am not promoting junk food at all, but your gut, your stomach, your mind, your tongue, your system will tell you what is good for you and what is not good, then the world will die.  Go and eat these. Benefits of eating garlic in the morning. Even if your heart will do so, fill your stomach with garlic all day long. What is the biggest benefit of eating garlic? No one will come near, no one will come near, otherwise there will be no trouble, only trouble will happen.  If it is not there, then health in life will automatically be good. Okay, eat so much garlic in your mouth that no one will be able to talk to you, no one will be able to talk to you, don't pick up the phone, no one will come near you, otherwise life will be good.  of everything  Disadvantages, Benefits, Benefits of drinking tea, Disadvantages of tea, That person gets confused, what should I do, There is poison in everything, Benefits of everything, Disadvantages of everything, Whoever shoots the video has made the video, 100,000 crore videos have been made and no one else He is a nutritionist, a doctor, what is this? No, he said like this, he said like this, he said, eat detoxification leaves, you idiot, this is the biggest scam, this is the biggest scam, wherever the word detoxification comes, it is there.  The biggest scam is that the body does its own thing, earlier the fads used to say, eat breakfast like a king, then came intermittent fasting, eat in six hour window, then eat in eight hour window. Hey uncle, someone is sitting there to feed you, your window is on.  You are not getting food, your boss is not leaving you, what will you do, change the window, all these demanding programs and all these things happen when you reach a stage to do something in life.  No, and all the work is done for you, now sit and keep doing it like this, hey, eat when you feel hungry, eat a little less than what you feel, just eat whatever you like, because whatever the soul is not liking, eat it. Sometimes what happens is that even if you eat that much, perhaps there is no benefit. Many times, I used to live in Gujarat, they don't have very healthy habits and I used to like this one. So Amit Bhai used to say  Tell me, what will happen with these meals, I said, you will eat well like this, life will become longer, okay then I will leave all this, then what will happen from that, I mean, their philosophy is that they are parties with money and you know everything, then they would say, friend, follow you.  I do n't know whether life will get longer by doing this or not. Amit Bhai, it will definitely seem longer. Life should not seem so long, so I am again saying that by going to the extreme, I am not saying eat unhealthy, it is okay, eat yours healthy.  Must eat only Discover the good things but talk about emotional health Emotional health How you feel Where are these toxins being formed inside the body The kind of cleansing that is being done whatsapp-web It will have to be corrected, so I am Ramdev ji's here.  It is not true that he is absolutely right, the program he speaks is of those who have been annihilated, who were living their life like this for so many years, now it will take many years for them to recover and become normal.  If it takes 40 years to get ruined then it will take two to four years to recover or become normal but I am talking here of the youth who have not yet lost it, neither have you lost it mentally nor have you lost it physically.  So, whatever needs to be done on the physical plane is already being discussed, mom is already forwarding it, do it yourself and see what suits you, but on the emotional level, talk about it.  Talk about stress, talk about anxiety, talk about yearning, talk about yearning for promotion, talk about yearning for relationships, all those things also shake things up because when you go into that zone, then you don't care anymore.  If there is one thing I am telling you, if you remain happy and full of joy in life, then you do not feel hungry much, this is a fact, many people do emotional eating, fill the vacuum of life with burgers and this in between.  A normal person is happy if he is eating his normal diet twice or thrice a day. He is happy with that. He is not looking for happiness in eating a lot and when you are looking for a lot of happiness then you should look for a little.  I am also a foodie, but you are looking for the happiness of relationships by eating too much of everything, the happiness of yearning, the cure of bitterness, then brother, it will be like a dawa doll situation. Keep your emotional health ok and talk and discuss.  About it, let this video be forwarded on your whatsapp2, you don't have time for 30 minutes, you don't have time, never ask anyone how are you, he said fine, this is also a culture, a video will be made on this too someday, stop asking people, sales, goods, selling.  And call Sir, how are you, how are you, I am having a fight with my wife, my stomach is hurting, I feel like drinking tea and my head is bursting, this is how I  Am Why did you ask how are you? Speak sir, can I speak to you, then I will say yes, do this. How are you? Keep this how are you question only for your very near and dear ones. For your parents, for your wife, children.  For your siblings or very close friends and when this genuine society asks how are you, then emotional health will be discussed.  Friend, are n't the children listening? This is not happening, he is not getting a job, I feel very stressed. Okay, then he will benefit from it. If this thing is not being discussed then be very careful about how are you. So someone asks how are you, I say, come sit, let me tell you how am I. Come, you were thinking that yes, how are you, you will say fine, say, I am ruined, my mind is at an end and I am crazy  And now you will ask me, ' Your sales marketing is done, your work for which you came sir, how are you sir, how are you today sir, as are the fun of yesterday, I enjoy all the fun, okay, but how are you sir,'  Mirabel Yesterday, now tell me further, then you would ask why everyone in the society has to reply like this, so that should be asked genuinely, how are you, this how are you has to be given a lot of importance, see how much video is there.  I have brought beautifully, there are some long videos but there are so many learnings and take aways that now at least you will ask this question to the people closest to you and if you do not have any close person asking casually like this, then say brother, don't do this. What will you do by asking me how are you, how am I, I am bad, then you come for your work, go out after doing the work, why are you showing intimacy by saying how are you, otherwise sit and listen to how am I and help me because this What is the reason for asking this question about emotional health because how are you is directly related with emotional health. It is about how are you feeling whenever someone asks you how are you. Its actual meaning is that brother, how are you feeling at this time.  So when you say I am fine thank you so that I am this is what is inside this it is not may be in this hand this hand is not in this hand  Feel good and may be feeling good but this is our mind from inside, so do more on this thing, make noise by saying how are you today, it is okay and talk about emotional health and also the emotional health of parents has to be discussed, youth and  May be the mother is sending something again and again that she wants to connect that she is connecting now for your benefit that my daughter will listen to this, tell these mothers also that your children do not even open and watch the video.  They know everything about what is inside it and what they are trying to tell. Sometimes ask your children that they do not sleep at night, which is very easy to say that they should sleep. Benefits of waking up at 9:00 in Brahma Purat.  Benefits of sleeping, why can't you sleep, just ask once, what are you worried about, can I, you can actually do it, I get forwarded to people for that, I talk a lot, words do n't come out from parents, from rich parents.  Also from upper middle class upper middle class people who can solve actual problems by forwarding it to others, you will sleep on time, we used to wake up on time madam, you used to wake up on time because you were a housewife, you did not have to go anywhere because you again  You can sleep again at 11 o'clock. Please don't give the knowledge to someone who cannot sleep at 11 o'clock or cannot sleep at 2.30 in the afternoon because you can sleep, don't you?  After watching that Anupama serial for the third time in the afternoon or after watching its old one again, you do n't sleep, don't you chat, do n't you relax, you remain relaxed the whole day, how will your body get sleep, you don't need that much.  So today I have a very humble message to everyone, this knowledge of sleep and food is a very private thing, stop both of them, who needs how much sleep, India, all I can say is that India is sleeping less, it needs more sleep, but why is it sleeping?  If you are not able to, address him instead of saying that no, he should not sleep and why he is not able to sleep, what are the reasons, what is happening in his life, those questions will be directly connected to his emotional health, eating is fine, waking up is fine, sleeping is fine, pranayama, all these are big.  These are good things but why is a person not able to do it even after knowing this? Is it just a lazy thing or is there some other reason? Those who live in homes do not go anywhere, I too go, but I am sitting here on the sofa like this.  shares knowledge  I have been saying that the public is not raising children, it is useless, this society which has been created by the previous generation, if the children today are bad, then it is called bad, not according to me, but if it is called bad, then it is those of the society.  Were there previous custodians or are there custodians now who are senior people? You don't see in India that a Prime Minister became at the age of 35. One of them was Rajiv ji. Apart from that, do you know at what age ministers are made in our country and that is fine.  Some 22, 25, 30 year old people are not running the country. People above 50 years of age are running the country. If it is okay then they are direct of their generation. Guidance is also needed and not judgement. We used to do like this, you used to do like this then India.  It was different at that time, what did you do to India then that if emotional health is not right now then we will talk about GDP, GDP growth and all this will be fine, I talk about everything on my other channels but emotional health and  As soon as this happiness index comes, India becomes like this, don't talk about this, we will finish at 126, this is fake, why is it fake, why when the ease of doing business comes, then you become very happy, this is fine, where the ranking is good, that and that. We don't believe that everything gets better even if it gets bad. Why brother, talk about emotional health. We have to go up in the happiness index. Those countries like Finland, Norway, these countries in the upper part of Europe are okay, there is no sunshine here.  comes  There is no night, there is no sunlight, there is midnight sun, man, they are so ahead in the happiness index, take all your countries, Denmark, Norway, Finland, it is so cold here, they are the happiest and here it means so much blessings. Our country has everything about the weather. I am saying that our country is the best country in the world. If you are a human being, it is a historical requirement which has been of mammoth and all kinds of temperatures.  Extreme temperature is nothing, even after doing that we are not there, so there is something wrong somewhere, brother, the potential is complete, geography is with us, history is with us, the rest is what we have in the present state, after geography and history are with us, which one else is that?  The subject is left, we have to fix it and in that emotional well being is a very very very important thing. Start talking about this word emotional well being how.  Instead of how are you, start asking how are you feeling emotionally so that you can know the answer and discuss it and there should not be more than five to six people in anyone's life who ask this question, five six is ​​enough, five six in the family.  Seven people just single digit array don't keep asking everyone how are you I'm fine thank you I'm fine thank you nobody is fine nobody is fine people are struggling and late  That thing came out, yes I am struggling, everything is a struggle, it is not easy, let that be there, Amul Macho, life is not going smoothly for anyone, it means it takes effort to make even this video, come, sit now and like this  I will keep feeling scared that the cook will come and the bell will ring, chi chi chi chi chi, it's okay, everyone has a little, my only thing is that chi chi chi will not happen, it's okay, whatever happens because of this.  Abhijit, I make the videos of the day at a particular time only. How did you like this video? Please share it in the comment section. You will find Subscriber Info Webinar Group. Please join it. For true webinars which I conduct on 80 90 PM. Join Free Some Are Charged so that we can touch things in our life. You can also take membership of the channel, there are webinars and videos in it also.  And all these are included, there is a very nominal fee, you can explore by taking two to four six months, you will be benefited from here, you will be relaxed, I talk absolutely practical, I do not speak after doing moral science, I do not speak, get up in the idol of Brahma, brother, I do not get up, it is okay.  If it is to be done then do it, they are making an idol list but it is not fulfilled which could be this one, then even this is not done, the man says that I am a failure, nothing can be done by me, so please.  Mummies, mummies, mothers, women, please spread this one a little bit too.