Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the youth. Do you have an agenda of your own? You have to understand that the agenda is mine, my own gold, my own less, my own agenda. Why is it important because I am especially looking at the youth and I want you to tell that off.  People, I am young, I am in my 20's and early 30's and it is also okay for those who are older than that, then we should look at the children as well and apply it in our lives because This is applicable for everyone, however, it is based on the fact that too much youth is wasting time because they don't have an agenda of their own, so if you don't have an agenda, everyone is roaming around with agenda. There are as many business houses, political parties as there are  There are as many leaders as there are actors on social media, including myself, because what I said is that everyone should have an agent. Do they have an agent? Do I have an agenda?  I lower my flag, it is not yours, if you ever go with it, I am not saying to run away, it is not that you should not watch the video, I am saying that you have an agent of yours, who will take you there.  You are going where you want to go, but before that you should know that you want to go and eat, you are free if you are sitting, friends, did you want to go to see the plot or go to see the flat, you go to see my clothes, you can go to your grandmother's because you have to.  Nobody cares if you have an agenda you don't speak  I have to attend Guruji's behavior, one child is from 1 to 3 o'clock, in the decision making model it is being told that I have to attend that, it is my clear agenda, friend, what are you and after that now they will not let you reach for 2 hours.  Went with a friend, it is better to go with a friend, if there is no story nearby, I don't know date you want you to make flower good, there are other ways to make good, by making those flowers good, you will reach the story, if you reach there then you will feel good. feeling of  Tikki will remain in another vice. If you waste time with a friend or relative or with someone, then his agenda has been solved. He needed a partner to sit on the left. I have seen many people going from Delhi to Chandigarh.  Do n't want to go, take someone else, he feels that he will get food and drink, he is going with me, I will become a court driver, let's pass my time, oh brother, his agenda is to go to Chandigarh and make money, he has something to earn, he will do it to you.  There have been and there will be many people who when they have less agenda, you go to them to pass the time in such a way that they will give you a start up, you will also feel a little big but they will come to you anytime because it is yours.  No, with what mouth will you say that I will not give time to you, then there will be nothing left and parents, I have seen these days even the parents tell their children, 'Hey, she is coming, she is coming by train, leaving today and aunty.'  Today uncle is coming, it is good for you  He is reducing his driving time, he is going to go in an Uber car now, but that is not your time, he knows that he is draining your battery, if he is reducing your driving time, if he is making a relative happy, then this is something that the parents also have to see, you too have to see it.  Are you not a part of anyone's agent and do you think this should have an agenda? Your money also, Lord of people, doesn't have an agenda. Anyone goes alone. Anyone goes alone. They ask me, Sir, he was asking me for a friend. I gave it.  Gave, brother was asking for it, gave mine, he was asking for it, gave it, relative was asking for it, gave it, father was asking for it, gave it, oh, it should be given because these are relationships, your agenda is his agenda, to build a flat, to build a house, not to do anything, but if I help him. If I don't do it then he won't help me tomorrow. This has to be removed from things because right now we have him in our consciousness. Inside, he was there ₹50,000 years ago. There was a command that if I don't save him, he will come to me tomorrow.  These Brothers and sisters, all of them are definitely and do not depend on us. If you enjoy this video then write MG Yes after pausing and I will tell you one more thing related to this that is in this and in this.  One problem is that you need gold for the agenda that is set and people are very afraid to set that gold for themselves. The same agenda will be of your life, won't it? If you wake up in the morning, then what is today's agenda in which they talk about a meeting?  So  The Date Agenda is Driven by Goals Where You Want You to Be Rich and Where You Want to See Yourself  If you want to do it, you cannot set your own agenda, then there will be someone left for you, I set your agenda, it is not in your power, when the ideal bill sets the agenda, brother-in-law sets the agenda, you are on the agenda. REMEMBER IT YOU WILL BE A PART OF THEM, HE WILL SET THE AGENDA AND TAKE ON GOLD, HE WILL GO IN A SUCH WAY WHICH IT IS BENEFITABLE, SO THIS IS AN INDEPENDENCE THINKING YOU PEOPLE HAVE TO DO, I WILL BEND THIS TOPIC ONLY IF YOU PEOPLE  If you enjoyed this, then there is more to talk about it, but I think there are too many things that people don't want to understand or don't understand because I put a lot of emphasis on abstract things, this topic is not something that can be found.  To you  Or someone is discussing these, I bring something very abstract, if it is liked then it will be discussed further. You can also take Paisa Hai Sukoon membership by pressing the join button on Youth Pay on Clarity, in which I am providing workshops and vaginas and decisions.  I will continue to do such things like making and you will enjoy it a lot in life, first of all, how to set up an agent and in that, how to make your mental model for him and then you will realize that I will never work for someone else. I am Jhanda's partner. Now you will say that you are also setting our agenda but to make him learn things also you have to be a part of the bill. You understand my point, this is the attraction, just like a singer, he gives the secret to him.  He is a poet, he takes me, this is how I am too, I also take these things to the top, I tell myself as mine, I also understand you, then I do the same thing with him, then I understand him too, I hope.  do you understand this thing  It is coming and this is the fun, it is called mental massage, people do it for the body, how will they massage the mind from inside, this is mental, I do this massage for those who want to do it and if they enjoy it, then you take membership.  Can join thank you very match