Hello friends, do you want to be an engineer, we will do the engineering profession, there is a little trick, it is not easy to say yes no, but still I will address an audience here that if you are a brother or a child, should you do engineering or not?  This is very loss ended because you know engineering is also ETP and from the nonsense below, engineering is also from college, so I am the first one who is crazy about the people in IT and the leadership and is very brilliant at his level.  There are students and if they are going to be expelled then I am not addressing them because those points are not even 5%. There are close to 16 lakh seats in engineering. India does not have that much GDP of China and that of America, if you add that.  So the GDP of both of them together is 10, 11, 12 times the GDP of India. Add whatever figure is fine and India produces 10 times more engineers in a year than both of them, which means as many engineers are produced in China in a year.  Are produced and are in it, combine both and India's figure goes 10 times and the GDP of both of them is 10 times more than ours, then we are out by 100 times, this is simple mathematics, please motivate it, first of all, practical.  We want only one out of 100 engineers who are making it, now we want only one, the rest are engineering Haj Vikum D New B.Sc. Like earlier we used to say, if you had done B.Sc., we would have called you an Engineer.  15-15 2025 ₹ 3000 worth, they are roaming around like this, okay, Aadesh is roaming around doing stand up comedy and who is roaming around doing what and those who are fired for IT fighting are also fired, if they do less than those related engineering then What would I like to tell you here? Have you not written off in the exam? It is definitely not an engineering thing. Which one should I do? Computer is doing well. Coding is doing well. Do this one. Today I am going to do an engineering thing.  I am going to talk about the branch of engineering which is considered by most to be a branch. This is my opinion. Discuss it with your parents, it does n't make any sense otherwise parents will ask that am I telling them engineering is the right one to become an engineer?  There is no competition, if you want to become that person then you can pause here and write which branch of engineering is the most money caste and I am going to suggest the same and also tell you the logic and what to do.  I am also going to tell you, okay, so write which branch is the most popular, which branch is Civil Engineering, okay, in Civil Engineering, it means no SIM, in IIT too, maybe there is a vacant caste in that, okay, no one was interested in Civil Engineering, and IT is it.  Note consider this think if you become a civil engineer if you are not a very intelligent child whose rank is one in lakhs then it is known as one in lakhs in triple I means rank in lakhs which is right not in thousands but lakhs comes after lakhs.  So now you also know the story  You have to go and become an engineer because only then you have taken PCS, given engineering exams, if you are preparing then brother, do civil engineering, it is not necessary to get many jobs, become a civil engineer, India is in great need of civil engineers, they are building houses.  They do not have any knowledge which makes the contractors who are becoming Plus 4 these days, they have not even gone to ITI, leave aside being engineers, what else is definitely not taught in engineering, is the syllabus of civil engineering of IIT or any other college?  There is a lot of difference, there is no difference, there can be difference in faculty and stamp, Apni Bhaiya, how to stand the pen, where to put Bhim, how will the door frame come, how is its strength, how to rate cement, there are basic 25-3050 questions which you can use to gain knowledge in the right way. By doing this, by stopping it and doing it practically, you can earn good money throughout your life, there is a lot of money in it, that is why I am telling you, I am not talking about the rest of engineering, I am coding.  Is this going to happen in a wedding? What will happen to electrical? What will happen to mechanical? If it is evergreen then it is sitting there and has sold soap and oil to anyone. Anyone has sold phones to anyone. Anyone has done engineering and has kept themselves happy. I am talking about real engineering.  I have been a Civil Engineer for many years, there is retirement ahead in Forms India for the next 30 to 35-40 years because today if you are taking the decision of engineering then your age is 18, 19, 20 years and 60 years.  If a man has to work for 65 years, then in the next 50 years, there is a lot of construction in India, there is honey and there is no blue ocean opportunity, the more you enter in the beginning, the more experience you will get because this is such a degree, what kind of engineering degree is this?  With this degree, you can earn your living, like the Tata accountant I mentioned earlier or a lawyer, I am a lawyer, so I have a degree, just because of this, I can earn my living, I am a notary.  It is like giving an affidavit, making a rent agreement outside, or whatever the story is, I don't trust anyone to do it, brother, please do it for me, all the other engineers are like this, brother, if I have done mechanical engineering then it means that I cannot do it myself.  They will set up a factory and a company, they will come with a dog and a machine and make something, people cannot do anything like this, go to the story and join the elephant, the one thing in this is that you can start with less and you can start with your team.  You have got the project, the project owner will give him the money, you will become the society by buying it with the money and that will be your profit. People don't find it sexy in being a contractor, but in reality they are small contracts, road contracts, there will definitely be many big ones, these are the big guns. Youngsters like you, who are 23, 24, 25, 26 years old, do less than a small team of 100-200 people, no man is like this.  He himself has hired 1.5 thousand engineers because what is going to happen in the future will give you a small commission as it is said inside the puzzle that brother, you convert this one by doing this, how much is it like this?  You have less than 15 days, do this and as your portfolio keeps coming, keep creating a website of yours, keep posting it on the website, take a photo here, take a photo there, you will do well, you will not commit theft, you have the knowledge because you are a civil engineer.  and yours  It is a good team, then you will test it, that is, brother, he built my house, it is very good, there is a photo of the house, and building a house is such a thing that it has to be done honestly and well, look at the relief, I have built it, it has been erected there, it is word of mouth.  It will be less for you but for that you have studied civil engineering for the course, now what is keeping it in the market, there are some colleges like Daily University, there are some colleges, very sexy and good men go there because boys and girls like them.  come from  Something has been prepared like this, mine is done in it, mine is not done in it, you have a cook, if he knows how to cook good food then he knows how to do it, now where does he find the time, if he has to cook the food himself and sell it ready, then is n't he like a hotel?  From where you have done management, it is important that you should join civil engineering. Even if you have to become an engineer, if it is okay then join civil engineering. There is no competition and retirement is very high and till the time the country releases you, you will  You have gone ahead, how much do you need this realization, civil engineer will come to India in four-five-six years, I have to tell my trade here first, I have to tell people who know my analysis of trends and you can read all these things in the newspaper 6-8-  After 10 months, this is mine, you will get someone to write your report, you will get someone to write your report for 6-7 months in the newspaper, you will get it in some or the other, India needs a civil engineer, then again I will do it, it is like this, the coder, the coder who had started, is white, junior, was there.  Give this thought, all the children will also become good, they will become coders, that is our country, then this husband will also go, but the one who became in the beginning has started less, the one who has knowledge will always have the advantage, the first mover advantage is always there in life, there is relief in anything.  No matter how small a business I am, the shop that your grandfather built is there, it is just that, it will always have the lifelock advantage from someone, bill start date match letter and bill.  Note Delete So today I told you that after four-five-seven years you will see a lot of trades but this one is a lip off fake. Discuss with your parents that if you have to take engineering, then reduce yourself in it.  I will do electrical engineering. Can you go and set up a company? How much does it cost? I will not do engineering, you will just do a job, you will reduce everything else here, and in reducing it, you will have a lot of initial capital.  The investment is not very much, it is like you are in Hawaii and you reached there to make Aloo Puri, first he gave you the money, then you went and bought oil, bought potatoes and your people cut them and you started the business, then slowly.  -Slowly you are again buying the society and this is dangerous yourself buying the society of shuttering, come yourself, keep your things, keep the story in place, you can do it slowly when your money starts making, otherwise in the beginning everything will be at a cost, shuttering will also be done.  Pay  That machine is going to rotate, it will also come on the car, everything will have to be taken like this in the beginning, after that gradually the money will come, then you will start doing all the work yourself, then you will start increasing your margins, that is a journey, but how did you like this thing? I am telling this idea in a practical way, I am telling you in detail about the profession, you can also take the membership of the channel, I am telling you this in details later, you can easily watch and understand, I have made it on the doctor, it is on the lawyers, it is mine, but it is the doctor's. Webinar has been done and it will also be updated in the membership. Whatever these are, their detailed things will be like this, like if you want to understand properly about civil engineering and if you are proposing or have done civil engineering, then you can definitely do it. It is perfect and they are roaming left and right. Either these people have become civil engineers or are doing so because even in the third year, a small business can be started. Brother sir, if you make a little in the future then it may happen that till that paw to me  Till the time I don't come to prepare bhaji, I ca n't send some more parathas as per my wish. Start doing less. Your normal contractor is normal, he is not even 10th pass, not even 11th pass. We have kept him for now in the North East and from the side which is here.  They are doing less in Gurgaon and North India. I do n't even understand this language. Let's do less. Okay, you can make a good team. I can do a workshop on how to do this. If you are a civil engineer interested then please type C.  CI will type the short form of civil engineer on my WhatsApp number which will be given below and you will see the number. You will WhatsApp me, if there is no audience then I will hand hold the details in it that brother, get this street job for civil engineering. Start this small business, you are fine and how to do it, which company to join initially for two-four years, how to gain experience in it, then how to bring your personal in it, how to create its brand image, what is your  If I want to tell you how to do it, I have read only this one in Puri Engineering, okay, you are very intelligent and that story and something else, okay brother, I am also there for those people who are poor and are not able to write, they are one in a million, okay, lakhs.  I have to put in it even once in life, this is a triple thing that brother, if the salary is above 1 lakh then you will get civil engineering, anyone can get civil engineering who wants it but it is getting it from someone else, it also has less value.  no caste  There is a lot of money in this and then those of you who are doing this job don't pay 40-50-60 thousand ₹1 lakh in life or you will beat the IIT people, this is Guruji's promise to you that how much package will the IT people get?  It will be done, it will be more than that, okay now I am not guaranteeing to beat all the IT people, but those who are from below IIT and those who struggle, look, it is not about toppers, now it is not about beautiful back, not here.  so beautiful as soon as you say it  Then you take these 10 names, okay, there are other people too, there are people who are below in IT too, they are equal to them, you will be removed above them, okay, so please, if you want to do me after Civil Engineer, then IF.  You are doing civil engineering please get connected and let's monetize your skills otherwise you will keep roaming like such thoughts, what should people do even out of shame, I am in civil line, you will make the country, civil engineer will make the country and who else will make it sitting?  You poor people used to sit, stand in the sun and watch Dharmendra in his old pictures, like this bridge is being built inside the village and that bridge is being built in the other side of the picture and then there is the same heroine and two-four songs and a dacoit and  The villain is in these kind of movies, isn't it? Engineer Saheb, he was an engineer in civil engineering when the country got independence. Who has made this Bhakra Nangal Dum? Who has made Bakra Nangal Dum? I mean, what is the physical construction that has been done?  Those who make engineers, if you tell me, is it a very good thing, it should be of great value, according to me, there will be more ahead, so become one now, tomorrow you will get respect for your experience, if your college is also not great, then no problem, 10 years of experience.  If it is there then you will get its value because when a thing has value in the country then even if you are not an experienced engineer, I am telling you that if you have built 10-15 houses then just witnessing it is fine like.  If you want to play a builder, then you should have a lot of knowledge about caste, sir, supply chain, do you know what to buy from Chavadi market, where will the plumbing work come from, how to lay cement, what fibers to lay, which brick to take, number one, two, three, what? Which Indian or fly bet of five key up should be taken or what new technology has been introduced or which cement blocks can be taken, what are the types of blocks, you will know all that when you do it.  Sir, it will be done in 8, it will be done in 10, it will be done in 12, it will be done in 16. Okay, who will come to do my shuttering and who will come to tie the iron, what is their rate, so I have all this knowledge like I have complete knowledge.  I am not a civil engineer, I have complete knowledge about which door frame, I am surprised, how many wooden ones, Burma teak ones, how many ones, education, where do I get the grill, where do I get the iron, what is the rate?  It is going on, I have to install Italian marble, I have to install tires, I have to install Kajri, I have to install Dushmani, there is another one too, which one is one by one me, which one is 4/2, which one is to be installed in the bathroom, what is Toto's fighting?  You will know everything, but you are a civil engineer, your team will be ready, you have to hire a plumber, you have to hire an electrician, two-four masons, strong cooks, laborers are definitely available, okay, you just have to hire an electrician, you have to hire a painter.  All good team, I will type everything and give it to you people who are in North India and around Delhi, even if you are cooked, you can definitely cook, there is no learner in the market, the next person in the market is not going to learn everything, gun, all.  Who are you, take the cake, take the cake, take my cake, no one is telling me how to make one, that brother, it will be made at this temperature, it is like this, and we will make this eggless cake, we will make the eggless cake, the good one is very soft, that and this one.  I have something to tell everyone  If you are ready to sell, then I am teaching you practically, I am not a civil engineer, it is not necessary for you to become that person, this is also a fact, it is okay that your degree is yours, you will bring that knowledge as yours, you will be billed as others.  Give match butter, give me because you are already butter because you are a civil engineer. If you are roaming around in the degree lake, then your knowledge, practical knowledge, which you will go to in my comment area, I will either make you a WhatsApp group of civil engineers. Like this or you WhatsApp me something bill b daan so dat you can get connect which of dem if you are only i bill teach I will also not tell you holding two do five 10 so if there is enough okay  Do you know my friend, how to do this, how much money is saved, what are the margins and how to go and how to do it. Zero means you are studying now, you don't know anything and your father is saying to mother, hey, do a government job.  Do it now, you don't know anything about engineering, this will give you some courage, so whoever needs courage, please thank you to the civil engineer.