Hello friends, today's topic for tempered glass is on the topic that if you are not getting the job of your choice or you are not able to work with something so called fashion, it is difficult in life. It is often said that fashion is  But this pattern is fine, it is said a lot that due to this the youth are getting very confused and running away from jobs, so I will tell you my take on this. Is it okay with you guys? The question is nothing but a strong feeling and  Feeling to change is just because of you, you are getting money today, I am also not the pension for tomorrow, this is effective life lock, second thing is you have to work Pawan Shiv Villain Shwetlana only you will meet people in this you will learn new things and  Which was your money, so good money, in demand in subscribe market, networking and working on scientific money only want to give back to power in later life and time but you can work  For Your Passion With Them Money Is The Account You Have A Home To Stair Car Basic Everything Stupid Boys Club Screen Less Fuel Normally Text Sure Investment This Is Very Foolish By Motivational Guru First thing is stop the motivation and get ground in life  How long have you been focused on the same [music] in Chittor's house, if the household work is done at all by the Sangh, then it feels very good.  It is very apparent love love love love all of you but they sit like at home neither is anyone doing a job nor do this work at home, this someone has also brought this subscribe and by taking a job you can stand on your feet and invest 2540  Live with but he takes questions, let's see 40 of us, 25, is doing such a thing that he manages his expenses in Rs 15,000 and after pregnancy. My brothers, if you turn 40 then only it will be meaningful, sometimes with a smile, sometimes with a 120 because it took 5 years to update the juice that I will make Lal a superhit, so he shot me with 5 years of experience, made me an apprentice, shot me with a networking site, made me Dhruv.  So much of possibilities for junior home I am Singh Dashrath A high percentage sitting at home To unemployment figures come that those who want to work and those who do not have a job  If you want to do a base line job, then you also have a son, I will not slow him down at all, that job has increased, the unemployment rate has decreased, the unemployment rate has decreased here, the people are the ones who want to increase improvement, then they have to increase improvement and this means a job with dimples, so first if  You people were looking for a job and 20 people were not getting it, then 20% should be from the job market out of 100, now Rishu gets separated. In the market and it does it to everyone because you had entered Chennai UPSC, Scheduled Tribe etc. Unlimited Unlimited 3070 16 attempts means you have made rule rule, it sounds good and you have done it for 16 years here only then it is not getting cleared.  When the chora became main then there was no refilling, sometimes it stopped somewhere, sometimes it started and life is going on and the person who was preparing for IAS then felt scared to clear it.  Because lots of people were thinking about their dreams earlier, then this is the example - government job, many people are wasting time in government job, private job is not available because brother, there is no stamp of ATM, there is no stamp of ITI and also remove the soil.  In some cases, there is a schedule, there was a job, service is being promoted, depending is good, it is giving more happiness, then you tell the husband, it is not bad, you do the charts, you go, learn, work hard, learn crores. Soft skin cheeky add value to networking. At least you will learn to wear clothes. You will learn to go to office, you will polish your shoes, you will get a haircut, you will shave yourself. If you are a girl then you will work like a girl because you will be sitting inside the house in kurta pajama and boxer short pants.  And you are brushing your teeth at 9:00 in the night without realizing it, I am late on the internet, you have woken up late, my parents look like this, brother means I am mother.  She says, at this age, I had become a mother of two children, that too is progress, I am not speaking like this by texting, as a protest, Gulab says, " Dude, what are you talking about me at this time, it has been 4 years since I got the job."  You people are preparing for a good job here because you have to work for money. It is okay to take photos on Instagram because of corruption. Now your face is so sexy, it cannot be used to earn money and fashion is your passion to have 4000 friends on Facebook. Chrome  If you monetize, my brother, then you can get pension, if anything, it can be inverted, then take it as a patient, I am not refusing to pour cold water on a hot pan, but brother, start doing real work in your real life because our friend is in real life.  The population of callers is really less and the competition is actually less, people are running away from jobs worth Rs 40,50,000 because that too is not being used. Okay, so it was.  There is not so much competition, there is so much interest in the job, yes, government jobs, Group A jobs or we go to this kind of job, so you see which job is not much, in the coming times, I will make some such videos, if you want.  I will definitely make that such kind of jobs and tax ES can be joint here. Even in the competition universe, money will be spent, a little will be more, but there is no competition, so in this way, if you want any career information for you, then this  If you guys want to know how, please write in the comment section. Please tick the alternative career choice that I am a doctor. This means there is no competition here where you are your own competition. Yes, there are many such things that unite you. You meet many things, that's why do it.  You can do it and it is necessary for you to do graduation so that you have to go there and do it because if there is another option then you can go. Please like the video and subscribe. I will openly discuss on this that some people were killed in the war.  I will do an interview, subscribe and you will get to see it and this channel is also in fashion there, subscribing does something else to you, now it does something else, it changes with age, so what will be the benefit to you in that, then tension.  Leave the light, otherwise running after money, people have become compassion net, less money than fashion, net is ok, we don't want to go in Ustad moment, ok, so please stay connected, like the channel, share and end videos. From very soon thank you are a