Hello friends, do you worry about your future is a simple topic, the answer is like this for many people, some people will be rare, it is okay, those who are more connected to both of them than me may not have the answer, but your answer is also no.  There is a video because mostly the answer is yes, so first of all we will think that if your answer is yes then do you care about the future, then many people will say yes, that is what should not be done. Kaveri is not very heavy, somewhere it is said that it is very heavy, like if you talk in housewife's bade, then housewife are very very pick up, other housewives pick up in 10 and talk, you are other bade housewife, especially in D.  30 and 40, that lady is very worried, will her husband be able to build her house, where will her children go, if there will be a marriage, what will it be like, okay, so the elders live separately at different levels, the students.  The story remains after 12th, I will go, after 12th, someone is going to college, we will get a job, if we get a job, then how will marriage be, if it will work, then how will children be, these are normal worries in many things, other vices, this means big marriage, advice is small.  I don't know how many worries there are at this level, there will be promotion, my impression will be good, the presentation will be good, there are many worries, then the channel will reduce them in one, I told you that brother, money will increase the peace.  Incidentally, if you have paisa sukoon membership, if you have not joined then my recommendation is please join by pressing the join button. iPhone users will get a separate link. If they do not see the join then why are you bothering brothers and sisters? That is why you are the same.  You are doing it because why do people care about the future because your present is not going that well? The one whose present is going very well does not weigh that much One Think Future Note Planning  But the future is negative, if you are appearing in the second air of IIT, then you are slipping but you are not very worried because you think that you have to spend only two years, then if you see your future after 2 years, then you do not give it that much weight because  Your present is fine young man IIT Delhi and IT Chennai and IIT Mumbai is fine and doing some good degree good branch you have got so you are like I just want to grind it personal I have you come  IT But there are a lot of people, majority of them are like this, they are not great in the present and I do n't see anything happening in the future, the salary is 35-40, no girl is visible in the age group of 35-40, okay, what will happen, don't take it to my house.  As for my parents, I have a house but I will not be able to live with them or even if I am able to live then I will not get a girl or I will not be able to achieve this in 20 years of my life.  Beating has passed, reducing the age of 40-45 years, children are growing up, their fees have been taken, it is not certain that they will settle down and this wife keeps on troubling, these programs are going on as per the wishes of the parents.  My wife has not become great, my parents' requests for the program not to be reduced and the children have started, I am just crying my heart out, it is a relief, I know how much capability I have, is my hair all falling out or my body?  It is declining and what does it mean now? The power to enjoy life is decreasing. If there is any juice in life then this is this marriage, this is this worry, because the present is bad, you are very because of you, the present is bad, first understand, take.  Come til you know this present is not good and that's the same your worried about the future talking to parents late or giving tax money to them because they have no spices or nothing for children  Is doing or is doing, has something happened to the children, Right Dr. Everything, Right Dr., which is your Taurus, there is not a single thing in the future, now stop thinking about the big things, because the present is not good, if you are not getting lunch then dinner.  There is no point in doing seniors, fix lunch first, if in lunch you get three yards of paratha with good pickle of potatoes, then yours taken care of will be required in dinner. If you have made good arrangements for the present, then you have to see that whatever things are wrong with you in the present, you have written down how many things are under your control, address them immediately and those which are not under your control.  They are not in control, those who are spreading raita, those who are giving negativity, giving toxicity, giving stress, because they are giving in comparison also, because neither story nor story will come, hey, you haven't gone for a walk, hey you.  You haven't bought a car. Hey, you haven't bought a house. Hey, you will get that naturally. You will get it naturally in friendship and relatives. You have to see whether you should do retirement and travel. Fox is going on in your life right now. Half of you are going to visit India. See what rains happen in the mountains.  Me too and other vices too, recover tax from there, recover ₹10, record ₹20, this traveling trick is available more because we have to skip the present, but some other detailed video.  I will make it on this psychology, I do not say at all that one should not go for a trip or should not enjoy cars or should not buy a big house, one should not have luxury, one should have everything but not everyone can have everything in life, this is also because if you look at it is middle class.  If you are extremely rich, then it is a different matter, there are very few of them, so the middle class will have to pick and choose, either get their children stuck in a very good school or go on a story tour which will help the children.  Brother, you should study well, compromise in the car, no, you have bought a good car, children are also studying in school, you go out for a lot, you are wearing nice clothes, then brother, there is no home in the whole of India, if you have a washing machine in your house. And there is a TV, sorry, there is no TV, there is a fridge, a washing machine and one, if you have these three things in your house then you are in the top 16% of the rented houses in India. If I ask about the house, then it will be very less but  Only three things remain in the story  Yes, you have a washing machine, a fridge and such, if you have these three things, then India's top one means no matter how old or new it is, one is not in every room, there is one washing machine too and then people take only one, if it is okay then India.  I have you see where you are right and in that you make your percentage merit list because what used to happen when you used to study was that you used to know the numbers and in the numbers you used to know that you have more in the subject. less in subjects  We used to work hard according to it and then the numbers were seen increasing till we came to 45. My rank out of 55 is 18th out of 18 out of 45. If I have children, now I will be 12th then brother-in-law, something was happening in today's world like I have given this example.  The thing is you are not checking this thing in such a percentage, our camp has been made our friends, now many friends are like this, it is the biggest disease of the middle class which is only  You will be able to save your money if you are following your correct lesson. Ship the ship, take it at home, do something of your own, then someone will come and take the car, why did he go in the car, will he ask who should go for a walk, what did you say to him, your children have to study in school.  This school is not good, now that one is very good, I don't know what magic will happen there, people, bill, comment, your money, this is the world, which I want you to tell and explain, you will have to come and do it, and then what is it when your present is under your control.  I don't give relief you start becoming worried about your future so first thing but you presentation note satisfied with present d second think which I want you tell because of two things I bill b finishing quickly kiss whose present is not under his control  There is a lot of variation in the future if you are very settled in your life when it is paying, Manish is ok but your finance  R and control you know where you want you are rich you know what you can't achieve c fear are some batsmen who were earlier they knew only two shots and they made their career by doing those two shots, they did not have much variety flamboyant only He was not there, hit a six here too, Mr. 360 Suryakumar Yadav type Virat Kohli was not like that but he used to go for a long time with his singles, Mohammad used to hit the flick shots, definitely hit one, hit this again, I mean very absolutely.  Random example, I don't remember it at all, but you realize that there are many people, they go through one or the other thing, so you have to see where you can fix it, concentrate fear and move ahead in life there suddenly.  That too of release will give you a lot of happiness. You have set up the children in your own house. You have made five by two. The children have not been set but they have been very good. You have set up a house for them. Young son, this is your daughter, this is yours, make this yours.  40-50 thousand job on the story and look at yours, I gave you the house and also gave you a car, that's it, the story means do something in any way and be relaxed in your life, it is very important, this is something which I think.  Most of you should start thinking this way, whenever I think about the future, first of all, my present is not right, what is wrong with the present, how can I fix it, second, why am I not in control?  The idea is to start cutting off the people who distract me from my control, be it relatives, be it friends, be it your nearest and dearest, start cutting off people like you, start getting started, because is it some stranger, now I do n't know you, so I can't control your life. I can't control you, I can't bother you too much, so you watch my video and it goes to your house every day [laughter] Before you can take control of life, you have to take control of your mind, your fear R F U people.  hoon do it on d  But also, it is not like this, many people, close relatives, especially parents, siblings, those who have very close relationships, they are probably doing it for the sake of torture, so it is not that you have to give any part, you have to check your feelings also, what are you saying friend?  Maybe you are wasting your time and resources, which are limited. We have time and resources and are locking them in the wrong place. Come on, my friend, this is wasting too much, don't spend it here, you can spend it here also.  Fool Left Out is also giving the closest advice, so it means divide it or else I will do it only with this much experience. Do you have a thousand photos on Facebook or ₹ 10000 photos? Bill note of the story. Define your quality of life, then if the future  If you are worried then you will have to change something in the present. Date is last message last date. Take away from this video is if you are worrying about future in your life.  Give you the bill Have you also changed something in your present? First of all, what is control? What are the controls in your life? What can you do? Then you have to see whether life is under control. It seems out of control. Auditing physical people.  Then after that, the last thing which I told, people should follow this one, if you have not changed anything, then it is the same moment, you change something like a simple thing which is worried about health in future because.  You are seen detouring right now, that's why it is the other vice, if you are running well, good, there is no pain in the story, there is no problem, the blue report is extracting fun, then bill, you are very but, something wrong is going on.  If something is going wrong then you can change it, what will you put inside the mouth and make it work like the body, how will you make the mind work, just give me two things, you can make changes, but I hope you will like the video.  Share please please share thank you