Hello friends, in this I will tell you all a secret regarding success and if you know this then you will get a lot of clarity. Normally I never give personal examples in this, but in this I will also give you a little personal example so that it will be easy to prove. So the secret of success is that many people are motivated, many people are coaching, many people are like this, if you look left and right and look on social media, we find very successful people. Okay, but no one is going to tell this secret which I am going to tell you and its secret is this thing, there is no secret of success, what is the reason, even the one who is successful does not know, I will tell you under some examples, okay Surya Apni Yadav ji  It is Suryakant Yadav ji, it is sky speaking, how he plays, how he throws for success, it is inherent inside the animal's body, it has some advantages, I will now tell many people about IAS coaching.  This is how you become, whoever tells the story, someone did this, I did this, I did that, thousands of people are doing it, it is not happening because even the person who is being created doesn't know, this is what I want to tell because so many factors are at play.  We are making out that even if a person becomes successful, he cannot analyze it correctly, so there is definitely a recipe, the reason behind people's cut and copy pasting of finding a successful formula. Do your own interpretation in the successful life of the people.  Your interpretation will be done by the people who themselves have achieved success in something, they don't know and I will tell you one thing about me, I will be a little curious, you guys are okay, I will tell you with my example and but what happens when you put a mike and ask? I don't know how the man should say, it is a very rare case, if everyone speaks then he will say region, no one can tell because region is a tribute, I used to wake up in the morning like this or I used to sleep late at night or I used to make notes like this.  It was like this, how many combinations can you take? Lakhs of people are already doing that combination in their life, so why is it not successful? If an actor's voice comes out in some way, it comes out only that, what that comes out, that is just the frequency, people like it. So, when you believe in this belief system that I am telling you, when realization comes in your belief system, then your chances of success will increase because then you are not going to do anything, you are just going to do things.  Instead of copying from side to side, you are in a process. Go away, come with my one take. Now I will also tell you my example that you have a process in your hands, do the process, read something, if you are a student, if you are a business person, then a business job is a process.  You have to follow that process, keep doing it, keep doing it, keep doing it, keep doing it, keep it consistent, so those are the factors which you do not understand and which lead to success, I will tell you through my another personal example.  There is a channel, I think many of the subscribers here should also subscribe to that channel. If you are not its subscriber then the request is to subscribe to that and if you do n't have this then do this and for both of them then do both. Okay Sangola this sutra.  You my YouTube journey, I have been on YouTube journey, I was there for 2 years, in 2 years I used to upload a lot of videos, I used to upload them in the same style, I used to upload very good videos in my life.  Pay and subscribe to his channel was increasing, it was fine, it was increasing, it was increasing, my subscribers are more in two years, my subscribers have been increasing in 2 years, my subscribers have increased 3 times in just 25 days, now someone say something in this, brother.  How did this happen, brother, I don't even know, did I give a very high quality video, did I get any injection, did I get a consultation consultant, magical type or someone, did I run Ad Run?  Did it or by running Google Ad, I did not separate anything, I still haven't done the infection, that means it has been added to it and you have something in front of me, I am telling this but I had my process that I will also come, I will make videos for my 700 video channel.  Pay 7075, I have to come on this channel also, I have to tell some small thing which adds value to the listener. There are very good comments on that channel also. There are very good comments on this channel too. People are saying that I am very happy.  You talk about what we can understand and I have not been able to get contact on the other channels since the beginning, Rakhi, but it is not that I did anything suddenly, I am embarrassed myself, I can only say that I am pleasantly surprised, I am happy.  Your brother will only consider it a success. The number of subscribers increased by a person after making a video for 2 years increased by 3 times in 20 to 25 days. That's when I discovered this thing. I also did other research.  I keep thinking that if I stop making videos then I stop making videos or I think man, this is just growing so much, it's a very slow pace, I had to go so fast, this is what people do, people get fed up of process  Because that big routine is less, come make a video, you run out of history, it is okay, to make 700 videos, you also need 700 history and you have to be ad, because it is okay for people to like it, otherwise the channel will definitely go.  Today I want to tell you from a personal example, I don't know anything brother and honestly there are no people who can tell you this because if you become a man or someone and someone tells you that the reason for your success is the first thing that you have become like by taking reservation.  Someone told me that if I had not actually had a reservation, I would not have made it, so I got the benefit of reservation, no one would talk, everyone would say, everyone would tell their story, how much trouble I had, how would I wake up in the morning.  How would my father carry it? Keep your Sonia in front. There are some actors, some are successful in something and the sportsmen who are successful, they do n't know their name. I will link up to this one, who is my mental model of swimmer's body illusion.  Also, because the swimmer's body is the same, that is why he is a good swimmer, he is a good swimmer, that is why if his body is not formed then what happens to us many times, many things happen, what do we have to do, we have to reduce our lot a little.  Do different things and keep doing them consistently, keep doing them, keep waiting for growth at the same time, Charlie Magar told us a phenomenon in this and told us that after doing Lola Police effect, you Google when what is it that you are doing one thing and then something else.  The factors should also be lined up in a line, then one plus one plus one is not three, it becomes a punch, it becomes 6, which means that the value of this individual factor was one, you are uniting this factor.  There was one and this normally should have become three, the 3:00 to 5:00 became six, this happens in life, but in this, if this fact was in my hands, then this factor was there, now this factor has also been added, this should also be added.  I don't actually know how it got added, what happened, but it does happen, but the most important thing is that I keep doing something consistently because if someone else doesn't do something then nothing can happen.  There is an exam question and you don't know the answer very well but you attempted it. The writing was good. If you had written something then perhaps the teacher would have given one or two marks out of the punch. But if you leave it black then no one will notice you.  If you understand that I can't pass, then what is there in life to do something? Now after that, brother, I got number A. I used to work hard like this, used to work like this, look at it, a person goes away after studying so much and after studying so much. Everything has been learned from this very beginning, read it more so that it can be asked from this, but what always happens is that luck is like this, someone has read only this much and mostly what about this because out of what he had to read so much, he has learned so much.  Read, more came out of that and some brother had read more than that, but it does not exceed the threshold, meaning if it was total then this brother read this much and came out of this much and this one read more than this but only this much came out of this. Confused in I Hope  You are not able to understand, I don't understand like this by drawing any diagram and everything, I believe that my audience will understand this, so to be successful you just have to do it, don't look for formulas and because the world said, he himself does not know what anyone is feeling. Many times, what happens is that someone is preparing such a dish, it is like making Golgappa water, it is like he makes it with some kind of chemical formula, something like that is not that much, he gets success and goes away crying on behalf of someone. Chutney chat is what makes the world, how did that one get its name, we make it very well, very good, why do you make it, our formula is yes, it is a secret formula, we will not tell mom, the things to say in our house, to say all that. This is what I want to tell you and if you will learn this science then there are many people who are saying that I have formulas and are selling formulas, all these coaching people, hey brother, if you know how to make people like this then  brother you  Why don't you become a simple question, give me a simple answer, or whoever is sharing knowledge with anyone, it is okay that I will make you this by coaching you, then brother, why don't you become like the coaches who coach all the athletes.  It is important that he has performed better than that, many times you must have seen that he had got a date versus claim, he earned a lot of money, did not score runs, but he did well on the coach because there are other factors in it. Very the end and also boat something, so what happens sometimes is the Lola Plus effect that these other factors are right, now they said that their coaching was good, whose coaching was good, whose now Sachin ji is the best batsman in the world, but the captain is not good.  You could do it only when you became captain and when you left it, you also set it. Okay, if you don't know then there are many things which you cannot tell, behind these formulas, don't send them. My advice is that you should discuss your process and  Keep doing date process and where something will work for you I will not say it is luck also because luck ko bol denge to then people sab lag bharose jayega and that dress was found and something good happened so this is my secret I can Say for success there is no secret it just happens and it happens for people who are doing something so the most important thing is that brother  Keep doing something for 10, 12, 14 hours a day. Keep doing different things. If you can't do one thing, if you can't do one thing for more than seven-eight hours, then do one hour for two. What is the reason behind doing this, so that the tax remains high?  They are doing this to reduce some benefit. This has also happened with many people. You will hear the story of many people and they can't actually know why that happened but they are doing this. I hope I have not. Confused people, this was my attempt to tell you that do not read anyone's biography, who was born when, how, what were the circumstances of whose life, what was the accounting book, all the things can never be brought out and date the person himself.  Even he doesn't know, it's okay, this is forced motivation, people have made something up, what was someone's life story completely actual, no one knows what it was and what is shown is not that.  You know, focus on your own life and stop doing motivation completely. If you want to learn, then let me teach you clarity in things. The name of Thought's channel is Clarity for you. I don't give motivation, I want you to give clarity because once in a lifetime, clarity.  If he goes then once the wiper of your car becomes like this, it is raining from above, then he is not giving motivation, he is cleaning it if there is water so that he does not come forward.  You can drive no matter how much motivation you give. It is raining and the wipers are not reducing. How much motivation do you have? You cannot drive safely. You do not need motivation. You need clarity. If it is too much then your fog lamps are on. And why should he [ __ ] it and if you can see something then the car will move ahead, if you are so motivated, it has no meaning. If you have to go to the bathroom in the dark at night, at some other place in your house, then everyone goes in the dark too.  If you have to go somewhere in the dark, you cannot see anything in the new place, then you will need clarity of light, otherwise no matter how motivated you are, if you cannot go, then my request secret is this, there is no motivation, don't try, follow others.  Big Success Every Big Success Extremely Unique Likes and Thumb Prints Sometimes you can copy someone's thumb print, you can't copy everyone's when that success will happen to you wherever you are.  Doing Reasons That Will Be You Need You Don't Try But Failure Is Something Which You Can Learn People do everything the wrong way by looking at the songs with failure, otherwise why is there a failure, how did it happen, what happened is not discussed because it can be checked in a more tangible way.  There are too many factors in success, there are 100 factors in being successful, think of it, there are only three or four factors in failure and if you avoid them, then you will probably be saved from failure and those factors are less.  I will discuss K20 in more detail some other time and will teach you on this. I have understood it very well and there are 100 facts in success, only 10 are in your hands, 90 are in your hands. Why are they coming? How are they coming? Is it under your control? If you can do something then concentrate on your 10 factors behind it. They will come 90 at a time. They will come gradually. I hope you will like the video.  There are some deep videos, if it is a little difficult to understand, then please write the difficulty and those who have understood, please write like this, we will show 15-20 in the comment section, A content creator, I will enjoy, not like this.  You will feel that friend, I don't know what I am thinking and no one is able to understand, it is okay if you see everyone found it difficult and did not understand then I will try, you know what and hard work is okay because these are abstract topics, cut copy paste topics.  It is not stolen knowledge from any book, it is not stolen knowledge from any other content creator, it is an original thought process and you may not have even heard of this thing before which I have told you because it is a counter narrative.  The belief system that has been taught to you and explained to you is different from the one that you have had for so many years, so it takes a little effort to understand and sometimes it does not work in your mind, it is nonsense, okay, the old belief system is a habit, it takes effort to change the thought process.  If you understand then please keep it. Thank you.