Hello friends, taking the series of my profession forward, today I have brought this video 'Lawyer as a Profession', everyone should watch it. If you are already a lawyer then definitely watch it. You too will definitely learn something and at the end there will be some surprise for those who are lawyers.  At the end, it will be for those who are already studying law or are practicing lawyers. If you want to learn this and want to get into this profession then watch the complete video. Even if you are already working somewhere.  You can become a lawyer, you can do law because you know that law can be done later also, so I will also address those people who are parents, they must see, students must see, spread, discuss, the way I explain the profession inside.  They go and go and do some youtube 1 dum prose based on the psychology of understanding and then go away and in the end I will also give the verdict that what to do brother, I will give the verdict of my doctors, if you people have not seen it then watch it, it is a very good video. Many doctors have made it when people of that profession give praise to your video that brother, you have told this very well, so today I will ask for feedback from all the lawyers because those who are thinking whether to enter or not, they cannot give feedback. They have to get clarity on whether it is good or bad, but lawyers should tell whether what they have said is correct or not. The first thing I will tell you in seven points is what type of lawyer one wants to become after going inside the law.  What to do, then which type of lawyer means it will depend on who you are, that too I will discuss what father does, the lawyer is one, the one with Jolly LLB is the real law criminal, he is standing in the court fighting for divorce, that lawyer is fine.  Movies show a murder case, this case, that lawyer, one is fine, the corporate law guys sit tight because which lawyer do you want to become and will they decide which college to go to?  Because I did not talk about the entry earlier that give me the [ __ ], give me this, then he will come, you have to go, I will not tell the things that he will tell in my videos, I will not tell that thing.  So, if you tell me, first one is done with corporate law, second one is English stylish one, second one is yours and Jolly LB lawyer, two third one is also one who is preparing for Judiciary, so brother, I have done Judiciary law for 23 years.  For 22 years, if I have to appear for Judiciary paper, then I will address you all. Judiciary people also, when should I give the exam? If I want to become a judge, if I want to become a judge, then I will address these three people. I will tell these three people. Okay, so come to the entry.  Whatever be your club, if you have good colleges etc. in NLU etc. then if you want to go for corporate law etc. then by all means because  What do they do? If you don't want to do your work, you have to do a job, then you need a filter in the job, he doesn't have patience, you are judged by sitting in the interview, he scores marks in the class, because only on the merit of the class, you will get college.  Then the college will also get HiFi, so what is HiFi college? Law is the same in India, you can study from Chaudhary Charan Singh University or Chhotu Ram College of Rohtak, you can study from someone somewhere and that law is the same.  that is  It is the same, there is no difference in it, it is not here in India that this law is taught something else, here some other method of teaching communication skills is taught English Hindi Hostel Boy Girl Crowd That is the difference between that and that somewhere people go on dates.  Somewhere people go on dates, that's the difference, okay, so I am telling about college, okay, go on a date and understand the difference between going on a date, okay, it is a joke, but I hope you have understood, okay, then entry will be done.  Decide this, if you have to become a law lawyer and your new number is coming then go to some good so called because then if you have to become a Jolly LLB type, then if you want to become a Jolly LLB Jolly LLB type, then go to any of your  Also go to college. Becoming a lawyer is not difficult in India. There is not much competition. If you want to take a degree then if you have thought about it then you will get it. What is the advantage of it?  Think better than just doing, you can just do graduation because you get graduation, you can prepare for competition, you can do any job in government because it is a stamp of graduation, plus if you want to do your practice then that way is an advantage for you.  There is a positive thing to be done here and it is okay to do so let's move ahead if the third point is an advantage if there is a lawyer in your family.  Brother, it is undeniable that a lawyer's son, a lawyer's daughter, a lawyer is a very good advantage. If you yourself are lawyers, you are listening to me. Now what happens is that many times children are not born because of what is there in the law, I will tell that in the profession of personality law.  There is no respect for the lawyer, there is fear of the lawyer, there is fear of the black coat, there is no respect, this is also what I would expect from those who do not need respect very much because  Look, sometimes respect comes from nuisance, so if I tell you the truth, it is not there in any profession, it is about everything, it is about nuisance and the nuisance of lawyers is very high, many people are afraid of them, many people are afraid of them, this is a fact and in future also I will continue with this.  I am stopping at this aspect right now, I will go to the fourth point that brother, if you go to corporate, then what kind of salary is there in corporate in the beginning?  It seems that you get to work in smooth spaces, in air conditioned type and you get work from the front that brother, this is the work, you can do it and now you are working for some associates and some buddies and your life seems like it will be set.  This is suitable for those people who do not want to do any ground related work and who have to go into a salary bound thing. You will not get much change from normal corporate life. You will definitely get a salary in your life and so on.  Crowded space is also visible, it is fine to me and you should not have any such great promotions that if it costs so much in the beginning then it will cost you six times more, it should not be like this, it will run at one rate but yes, there is definitely safety security like that.  Even after sitting, I get the loan papers, just check them, is it okay or do I have this agreement or something like this, things are made as per the rules and regulations of the company, you get a low rate.  Jaga is very big and that too, it is not that you can operate everywhere, it is okay and the second one is the desire to become a judge, okay, here people are doing a lot of mess, I want to give a warning to all the law graduates that in the beginning  Do prepare to become a judge, but start your law practice. I will give you some practical advice. What is a judge? One who knows the law well and you know what a judge is, but if you have never practiced as a lawyer, you will never be able to do so.  You did not even stand, you do not know the procedure of the court, if you do not know many things then your chances of success are less. What are many things? Knowledge comes only by practicing because you are in theory. You started practicing Judiciary at the age of 22. Curry law and yours becomes 22. Law becomes at the age of 2, it is okay at the age of 22. At the age of 23, then you have prepared for it, you have prepared yourself 27  You are 28 years old, you have not done law for 5 years, you are not an advocate anywhere, if you had done law and actually practiced in these 5 years, then you are practicing law, so the same question is asked in that judiciary also.  You have to prepare for the exam, even if without that preparation, people will say no, no preparation, I would not be able to do that much if I practice there, because I agree, you are right, then in 2 years, whatever you study will be lost.  If you are doing it, then you can do that work in 4 years with practice, right brother, so much in 4 years of practice, if I don't do it for 2 years, then I can do it, I divided the time at 50, but I can learn things from my practice. I will take it, I will ask questions to other lawyers, oh man, how to do it, how it actually happens, that practical knowledge is also very important in the exam, those people also take the IAS papers. IRS was there for four years, it was an officer somewhere, it was somewhere in the government system, those things are understood, how are the rules and regulations, when you enter into that system, you know, this is a Patwari and then these are the lawmen.  Then it happens that it is a Tehsildar, first he becomes Naib Tehsildar, then Tehsildar, then the brother will be appointed as SDM, you automatically come to know about the problem, you understand the Panchayati Raj system, once you understand this then one You get practical knowledge about a portion of the exam and no one forgets it because after studying everything, you study and study and study and after studying, you are not even capable of earning a living. Brother, she is giving it, there is reservation, there is quota for the people, I don't know what the system is, we are left with number two, then we are left with number three, we are left with number four, then I want to tell you one more thing.  What will you do by becoming such a judge? Yes, what is the judge? You will find a home somewhere and then you will keep roaming in small districts. Some are going to Nu, some are going to Mewat. There will be posting here too. I am talking about Haryana, Haryana is one. Of the top states of the country and more than half of Delhi comes in NCR, I am not talking about the big state Maharashtra. If I say, then in Maharashtra you will find Mumbai, Pune Nagpur, not ahead, Pune Nagpur, I am talking about Maharashtra. How many districts are there? Later, later, yes, there is later too, Aurangabad, and more, and UP, should I ask? UP, Lucknow, Kanpur, Meerut, Ayodhya, tell me more, Varanasi, more, Bareilly, yes, yes, Amethi, Amethi, Rahul Gandhi's Amethi, tell me more districts, Robert Ganj, Mirzapur.  There are 80 districts, how many districts are there, where will you be posted, you will get power, you will have to sleep in the jungle, who has seen before whom people are getting power, you want that power.  Understand, those people who, if you are from a middle class family, my audience is lower class, not my audience, I am tired of telling you, what is my audience, I am tired of telling you, but still people, being in the lower class, automatically  Considering it to be middle class, they say no, we are not, hey brother, the lower class has to go, the lower class has to become a judge because they have got a lot of respect for so many years, neither have they got power nor have they got anything, it is good for you.  It will happen but if a person wants to live in a smooth place, earn money like that, get married like that and be a little urban, then that judiciary is not the place where you go, let anybody go and that, then don't write a comment that this is so.  This is how we earn, this is how we earn, how can no one earn, it is becoming tight, there are many agencies sitting on top, and India is becoming very tight, which is what you call corruption as n.  Have you seen the incentive that cannot be an incentive for next 40 years, you will be judged by 30 24 till 60 62 65 then it cannot be an incentive for you because India itself is changing and then if your big idiot gets cut then be very noisy.  According to me Judiciary is not something which you should start off at 23 24 25 Take a Call Understand  That law should penetrate into your soul's blood. It is a little okay. Third thing comes a lawyer who will practice under someone else and then he will say, bring tea, coffee, pick up the paper. Such work also has to be done, one has to work for six, seven, eight years. But I think it is better to do that work rather than preparing for Judiciary and not passing because by 28 29 30 you will become a man of your own, you will get a case, one or the other, a good one.  You have to work hard for five years in every profession. According to me, I will tell further also. Okay, in the fifth point verdict, I will tell what is my opinion. All the lawyers, whatever they are, tell as many children as they are, listen. These are the ways to know, but that's it.  I want to tell you that law is a very safe profession, no one dies of hunger, you, those notaries, those who give notaries, those who have rent agreements are also lawyers, don't they, they keep sitting like this, go outside to the courts.  So it's okay, so they keep sitting like this, right, they also earn 10, 12, 15 Hajj by sitting, yes, Son of So and So Lizzy and Lizard, yes, by doing thak thak thak like this, doing that, doing that quickly, the whole template is made for them.  Changing the name and surname, the affidavit turned out to be Chi Chi, you have to sign the affidavit, he is not doing anything, from somewhere you think that he is a lawyer, what does it mean to do law for him?  Yes, he is signing and he also earns money, but respect is not visible, people feel that oh man, some lawyer is spitting paanwa in his mouth and he is made like that and like that.  Now there are many sexy generation coming up, they don't want to become that, then friend, tell me one thing, what do they say about you, when Kesari, your Ajay Devgan and Shahrukh Khan are also doing it and that is surprise and  Surprise, Akshay Kumar has also come, so now don't look at these cycles, he too is coming, neither are he falling, nor are so many top stars coming, Zumba is money, brother, there is money, don't think too much about which one is this one.  Which one is this? You should not sit with him, you should not associate, you should not eat. Don't start doing that because ultimately you will rise. It is not necessary for you to be at the level of a notary and a voter. You can do it slowly, case by case.  You can become a very good lawyer. Lawyers are very powerful. Fifth point, sixth point, power and influence are very high. There is no respect in respect because there is nervousness, just as there is police, police are also nervous about the police. Where there is nervousness, respect is the default setting, it is stuck.  That genuine respect would be a half profession with difficulty, where it is in the heart and where that respect is, they are not getting respect, respect is in the heart, I am that.  I will also cover the profession, tell me which one it is, I will cover that too. I have a lot of respect in my heart, but he is not feeling respect because he is standing far away, it is okay, he has a lot of power influence. You must have seen top politicians whether they are from BJP or Congress.  The country has been governed by only these people so far. They are very powerful. You must have heard their names, that is, they have been ministers, even if they are living in Chidram. First of all, what is the point in even taking the name of Kapil Sibal? They are lawyers, whether your Ravi or not.  Shankar Prasad ji is the first, our late Sushma ji and Arun Jaitley, no one won that election, he also lost Amritsar but he was a very powerful figure in BJP for a very long time, very articulate lawyers, what is there at a stage? If you become a good one then according to me it is a blue ocean opportunity. I am saying blue ocean opportunity gal.  What does it mean to do, there is no competition here, I have to clear some exam that these five people will be able to clear, there is definitely an exam in Judiciary, but there is no one who would like to become a lawyer, brother, you become Chaudhary from Chhotu Ram College. Charan Singh University, you can go anywhere, there is a law college, no one can stop you from becoming a lawyer, you need a particular college, there can be trouble in not passing the exam.  If you are a lawyer, as I was telling many people, if you are doing a job, you are also doing a government job and those who are officers, they should do law, there is a lot of demand for young lawyers and this law is against them also because Your Articulation is Good Communication Skill is Good Personality is Good Wisdom is Good Now You Have Lobbyed Now Like Arbitration is Something Which is Catching Up in a Big Way But Lawyer  I have to become like now I am now there was a meaning I have become very busy because my work is very spread I do different types of work I do other wise I found that when I settle the family and I do this if  Had I been a lawyer, I would have got the stamp of a court as well as an arbitrator. Such types of real estate scams are prevalent among the builders and their common public that they take decisions in the courts and do arbitration. Because that problem will remain stuck in the court for 10 years, there is a great need of law qualified people here too. Law is I think a very important thing than investing in some B.Tech, P.Tech, which dozen lead you anywhere, it will really open your mind here. You will know the law. After knowing the law, it comes into your personality. You will know your rights. You will know everything. It is not allowed to be written on the vehicles like many people do. People write 'Gurjar Boy', 'Jat Boy', it's okay, doctor, journalist, they also write lawyers like this, it's okay, you must have seen that there is no loudspeaker on some vehicles, challan is issued, there is little difference in writing 'lawyer', I should not write it.  I am not teaching anything wrong here but I am telling you what is the thought process of a profession and there are lawyers like them now, I also give consultation to many lawyers because of them. Do so much of jobs like in real estate etc. I do n't give real estate on rent to real estate lawyers, people are nervous, as a result lawyer buys his house quickly, he does n't vet it, it's not SIP of mutual fund.  He used to say that I will live for 30 years and then I don't know if I will buy a house. He knows that I am not going to meet him. I will go and say that I am a lawyer, so this is a kind of dis. Now see how beautifully I age.  I am bringing the poet, is this a disadvantage? If you did not get anything, then you made your own arrangements, took money from father, took a loan, it was as if you took your own child, you took it yourself, this is a fact, I will tell you about girls because  I am also a marital counselor and I am the number one clarity giver in the country because I bring a 360 degree perspective. I will not just tell here and go on.  Let's talk about girls, girls will do law, now girls who are married to someone else are afraid of doing law because there is tension of section 498. Now a days, now she has become a lawyer herself, so she should not even hire anyone, this is the psychology.  There are issues but she will definitely get settled in a lawyer family, so if there are girls then by all means girls should become lawyers according to me and then they should become lawyers only like doctors girls.  Should you marry doctors, it is very beneficial because what is the matter, you will do very well. Just imagine, if you are a girl, a woman, you have become a lawyer, you are good, then you have to have children tomorrow, you have to raise children too, do not go to the court and stand in the sun.  It is possible but your husband is a lawyer so he will get a lot of work done by you, he will get the drafting done, he will get this done, both of you one and one become 11, you may not become 11 but you will become more than two, one and one you will definitely become three.  There is a family, the father-in-law is also a lawyer, the son is also a lawyer, the daughter-in-law is also a lawyer, the fun has come, the fun has come and your thought process should be like this from the beginning. All the lawyers are there and you are listening to me. Whatever difficulty you have faced in your law till date.  You can feed bread to your next generation. You know what I am saying, I will also give a verdict but here I am making a promise for the lawyers. If you are interested then please call on the number given below.  You write as a lawyer on how you can create your brand image individually. Those who are working in corporate will not be included here. The jolly LLB types here will tell you how you can increase your income by creating your brand using social media.  For that, if you want to join because I give this in private consultation, but today I want to reach out to maximum people in one go through video, come and listen, you are a lawyer, how do you know?  If you want to use it then please, if you are still watching, you are a lawyer and you want to use it, your income is Rs 50000, Rs 2 lakh, Rs 2 lakh, you want to increase it, then please write to me as a lawyer on the number given below. To give a verdict, I will tell you one thing, as India is becoming a more educated country, awareness of rights is increasing, businesses are expanding and contracts are being made in India.  It is becoming very difficult to implement, I mean because the law is like this or there are issues in contract implementation, basically litigation is increasing in India, if nothing else then you know that brother, divorce cases are increasing only, so if you are a woman and  What is safest for you is not even known in law, what are the different specializations, someone will become expert in how to deal with divorce, someone will become expert in getting compensation.  In this case, it will be a real one, it will be a consumer case, it will be a murder case, and someone with such a case will be a completely different meaning, it will be a corporate one, so in this, you have to take specialty in it, like in case of husband and wife, I tell the combination of doctors, wife is a gynecologist and husband.  Paidit is that the child is born from here, the child is here for the next three to four years, there is a lot of this in law too, so you like, if the husband is the wife, then the wife has caught her divorced person.  Husband caught hold of his other one, both of them are lawyers, they can also help each other, it is a blue ocean opportunity, according to me, people should do it, there is no time wastage in it and it is not such a study that if done, nothing is wasted, what do you mean?  Even if you have not practiced law much, you are a woman, like women study a lot, it is fine and do nothing for it, then after that it is fine, but there is no use of that study because I had done B.Sc., B.Tech. etc.  It is better to be a lawyer housewife than her and sitting like a housewife. At least you can spread awareness and join an NGO. There are many things in which you do not practice law but you need a law degree. Like if you are in an NGO then you have women's rights.  If you want to teach someone how to do something, then brother, you go there, it will cost you Rs 50,60,700 thousand, you are coming for two-three hours, you have to go, if you want to go for four days, then Datchi because if you have studied and explained the law of India, you know the law then you are an aware citizen, on top of that no one can come and fool you like this, neither a policeman nor any other person. If you also know your rights then according to me it is great.  Is it a safe profession in today's times and what is less in quantity? There are 140 crore people. If you look at the number of lawyers per 1 lakh population then it is relatively less and if you follow in America. Do it like they have a serial, Suits, you watch it, you know the good method and what is so hard about it, what is there in a law lawyer, even if you are not very smart, you still have references, you should know what the work is.  Where are the things that you can become good and the last thing is that no matter what is the impression of the lawyers but if you want to serve the society then I think the lawyer has the most direct connection by filing a PIL, he can directly file a lawyer. is public  Interest Litigation: Although many people are very politically motivated, this and that question also gets resolved in the courts very quickly, but if someone is not politically motivated and you genuinely want to help some section of the poor in the society, then you will also be a very popular person.  You can become one. I have seen many lawyers who go to areas where there are slums and poor people. Took some fees like 500 rupees, that too for paper work etc., clubbed whatever issues were going on, fought a case against them and became quite popular with them, later on became a politician, earned respect from those people too, earned a lot of money as well.  What happens is that even if you earn Rs 00 from lakh people, you become Rs 1 crore. It is not necessary that you have to earn lakh rupees from 100 people, that means multiply 100 by lakh to get lakh. Do it from 100, if only that number of answers comes, then there are lot of mechanisms, then you can teach law, then you can give consultation even if you do not do direct cases in law, because you know the law, then you can help someone like you, a real person,  Enter the estate and grab the builder buyer agreement as you are, refunds are not being done at many places, some issues are not happening like this, is anyone facing any problem? Blue Ocean has specialized there.  There is an opportunity according to me, so if you are not able to understand what to do after 10th and 11th, then I thought, when you are not able to understand, you have to do something, look brother, if you are very clear, then I want to become a doctor.  So, if you want to become an engineer, I am the same brother, if you want to become an IAS, you can also do law. You can also do lawyer. Law is a degree, whatever is left from that degree is fine.  The work of degrees is normal where there is no specific work, so you can do it, you can give any government exam, you can give any government post, you can give any government post, that is a facility for you, it is of Judiciary.  You can also give the exam, plus you can sit anywhere and become an advocate by taking your license and practicing law. If you take a license from outside, then according to me it is quite safe. And how did you like the video? Firstly, this is  It is okay to tell that people judge a little, it is okay to be afraid and do not give respect to others from the heart, everyone says that the lawyer is very sharp, he is very sharp, this is the lawyer brother, he is very sharp, so being very sharp is not a negative thing according to me.  If the society thinks you are smart then it is good, that is, it is better than a fool than a scoundrel, right? And do n't we need lawyers? Don't we need lawyers? When some scandal happens in real life, then what is the point of standing up?  You don't need anything for this. Reputation comes from word of mouth. I am saying it again and again. If you are a good person then you will also become a very good lawyer. You will be genuine, you will stand with the truth, you will take good cases and you will also have some passion inside you. And India needs good lawyers, so that means not those who do networking and jugaad, but those who are good at heart, according to me, they are needed and like many people do not want to go into politics, they think that only a few lawyers are needed.  It is the same work, friend, I don't know what will have to be done, it is like this, this is also your advantage because people do not come in it like what is a normal man in politics, he will not want to come in politics, if a different kind of man comes in politics then he is a normal man.  If they don't come, then they have got a free run. The day an educated, intelligent and sensible person comes into politics, many people will die like this because by the will of the people, hey brother, this too has come, it is okay, the same is the law, many people like this are old.  This way  I am convinced that if a new fresh lot comes then it will attract more clients and more public and there is a need for those people. I am seeing a good opportunity. I normally do not recommend any strong profession like I told about doctors, so I included in that.  Told that my friend is in it because I want to avoid struggle in life. Where people's chances are only half, one or two percent, why are you taking chances in becoming a lawyer?  At 90, if you decide that you want to become one, then at 90, at 95, you will become. Now that good bad, next time will tell how you become, but you want to become a doctor, what is the desire, the exam is not going to be passed and then that.  I have to spend Rs. 1.5 crores and 1.25 crores, I don't have father's money, so it becomes tricky, so I tell all the professionals. If you like this series, then please support me. Tell me how should I take this series further and subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so yet and lawyers, if you want to increase your income then I will do a workshop on it and will tell you the tricks of the trade. You are more than intelligent anyway.  A wise person needs a hint. If some of you are geniuses, then in less than a hint you will understand that if you are Shane Lauer, then how many people know you. Remember in life, how many people know you. Is More Important Than How Many People You Know Nothing To Do With Lawyer Much More Important Than How Many People You Know You May Know Five People But If 50 Lakhs Know You You Will  Do Well in Life So Use What I Tell You I Don't Do Any Time Passing Workshops I Tell You Exactly What Is To Be Done So Join Thank You Very Much