Hello friends, today's topic is job videos, I have shared them, first there was the lion of the zoo, then there was the lion of the circus, today we will talk about the lion of the jungle, do you want to become a lion of the jungle, okay, then for this there will be some attributes and some qualifications. And it is not very easy to become everyone. By lion of the jungle I mean someone who waxes up whenever date person has you up nobody tells in what to do when to do your  Hunts his life accordingly Lives his life This is not the first of all And it is happening Come 22 years of ahead You will have you go through the role of life Okay and Sam struggles Does n't happen on the first day If you are my  A little bit of the videos directly which I don't tell but my push is there if you watch it but you know we are in a situation where double income has to happen Vikram Singh Necessary double income i.e. husband and  Wife earning both earning money, now how many army are there from the people's will, this is the need that when you are earning well and by earning well, you will be free from the job, then the wife who is less than a stepney, you will give her four tires only.  The comment itself is fine but it is there and those whose wives have done or are doing jobs, if no one came and told them that their husbands can become lions of the jungle, then their expenses got reduced anyway.  Well, if they don't do anything then I will not discuss it because I will not make you even a little bored on Clarity for Youth, here I will tell you a simple thing that you need to do to become a lion of the jungle and it's prediction also I am doing.  For one people and you will be releasing next 30 years where will be maximum jungle ka sher only this cooperation and they will get this job 5000  Employees: 10 thousand employees, all of them will gradually become one 10 employees, each person will work differently and his work will be added, meaning it is something like today, what is happening, there is one man in this company, he works for 2 hours, 4 hours.  It is his day's work but he is an employee, you have kept him for the whole week as well as the month, he also needs security like this and you also have to rub him but the money is going more but he too.  If you want to keep it, then it will become less tomorrow, your projects will be wasted, if this is less then how can you do it from somewhere else, it is so less, you will get so much money, you can pick it from less than 10 places, now there will be no more hire and fire system, this provident fund, then give insurance.  Then give security and gradually the government is very protective, it has imposed such laws, labor laws, so basically wherever the economy is tainted, it will do the same thing as before.  Something like you don't employ plumber you don't employ again and again you don't say someone like electrician comes when needed he does as many houses as needed he has his number he goes does his own a goes this it d  If you give an order of D then start acquiring skills like this because if the skills are like this, if you have to leave on Monday, then it will also come out like this, then when you leave, the receptionist is sitting and will make you sit like this.  The one who speaks a little more English better or looks more buttery, if you seat him, then stop doing this Monday in these jobs. If you are in it for the wet version, now you have got it now, many people will not be left out now, it will be very.  The key to being alive is that we have to do less in life which we can do alone, we can do it as per our own and add value and only then you will go into such a state that when no one tells you what to do, then only that.  Actually Rich Will Be Full Because What's Happening I Will Tell You Right Now As long as you keep selling your time to him and create some small business or some equity in this business you will never become rich like a lawyer or doctor.  And architects will never ever become rich and they keep charging for any case because they are steel selling date time, they don't have to give time for consultation unless  You don't do something like this, you grow up and you are sleeping and you are living like this, till then you cannot go to the point of becoming a lion of the jungle, like if a doctor pays a thousand rupees for seeing one patient and sees 10 patients.  So a person earns ₹ 10000 or ₹ 15, let's see, he has a job somewhere, there is a person earning two to four lakhs, there is a man earning five to six lakhs, he is a pilot, he goes and flies planes, his salary is seven to eight lakhs, but he has a system on an hourly basis. so many hands  This much will be added, his job is not welcome ever, there are 50 lakh persons, this spy, seven necks, looks very nice but he is not a lion of the jungle, this is also only a share of the circus, okay, then he will have to take freedom from this thing, what about the people now?  It is happening, people want to bid pearl of their time, they want you to succeed, when the next time, when you say date, you want to promote, Namaste people will do it, money will increase.  Because you get so much money on this post, you get so much money on this post, but the thing is that it has a cap, no matter how many times you are doing one less thing, more of your time and energy and brain juice will be spent on the posts here.  Will come and you will get responsibility and your free time will be reduced and that free time which is in your early 20s is the same which is establishing you that now there will be less skill set or save brain juice so that you can get freedom from this thing.  Jaaye it is something like I will tell you Now you are running on the treadmill You are running on punch campier pe punch game pe Jab bhagne chali re to chal chal re to you can listen to the song You can understand the song too You are watching the news If you are listening then you are also watching the cricket match score. You are live in this situation. It is okay. You are also thinking about something. Your brain is still sucking. It is okay but you are running fast on the same treadmill. want to drive away  Now you have become eight, then 10. Campus 12, 13, 14. You can't divert your attention anywhere in the camp, because at one step your mouth bursts and you have increased your capacity within you. You are very happy that Bhagat was there on the first punch. 14th part.  I am still an achievement but now you have to chase him away at 14, aap aap aap it is like riding or tiger ek hota khud share banna aur ek hota hai like riding un lion ab What is the problem in riding shares? It is fun that I am riding a lion but ca n't get down, can't stop. Late, late, late, late in marriage, late in buying a house, doing all these things and becoming happy by living in this SAP mutual fund.  That I have collected 2 lakh 10 lakhs, I cannot get more freedom than this, I want to get married soon, good life partner, no money should be wasted in marriage, life partner is also working, already bought the house, the house is loan free.  In 32 33 34 35 36 37 years, took another one, took a rental, did all these programs, and the wife also raised some children, the children also grew up, the wife now has time to earn more money and her concentration.  You supported my wife the whole time because you knew that by taking freedom from this job, I would become a lion of the jungle and you supported me even thinking that I would get a promotion.  No, I do n't want to do well in the job. What a mess the husband is doing. 27 28 30 32 32 35 year old husband who does n't know about his job. In the job, the ring master is standing there to get your juice out. When he hits the code, you are the wife. You tell him, you see, because now she is doing a job, she would like to run the house too, brother, you also do something, I will not do anything because he is beating me, I have to do well here, decide at the same time, every man.  Who  I have decided that if something happens, I lose my job, I lose my promotion, I have to eat on the streets every day, I will get my wife's job done and see, every girl, every wife in India today is capable of morning love and doing her job, it is just a date husband.  Support D Fast Dajan Support D Mother of D Girl Dajan Support Even after having a child, she goes to work in America within a week, all that is there too, there is a Naripatta for her. And they don't have any system, neither does their mother-in-law, daughter-in-law have anything, nor does their mother have anything. If you can do it, then I am revealing the biggest secret to you. The biggest secret of becoming a lion of the jungle is that your wife is less.  She should be a doer and the one whose wife is a doer of [ __ ] leaves him and then does something and then tells very openly that I have left, I have done it like this. Follow me do this just like all the people who have left their jobs.  in their life You will find a common pattern, you will find their wife to be a money earner, this common pattern will be found, there is a very less percentage where the wife was idle, was a housewife, did not do anything, the children have also grown up, then maybe there may be support from parents without much support.  There are a lot of YouTubers, so this is very easy, just by typing 'Mol Metro', you will get a job like this, the job is already there, don't give up, yes, even by mistake, it is okay to be humiliated, it is okay to die of hunger, it is okay to remember.  There is no need to become a Pushpa. To become a Pushpa everywhere, there is no need for meanness. Some people are of lesser importance, it is okay for her that I will do it like this, and what was the biggest thing in Pushpa too, it is okay for her too, when  There will be a marriage and it was happening in fact, so see how it had become in the same movie. If it is okay then it is given realistically in life. I am giving advice like a down to earth leader. I say this again and again because it is something.  Understand things, work in English, become a super specialty, and on top of that, go away after making a video and feel that yes, it is okay, but if it could not touch your life, then the biggest secret you all learned is in your relatives, in your friend circle, in your colleague circle, in the group. Look at those who have achieved freedom, did their wives do less? If the wife did not do less, then perhaps their parents were rich or they might have got something. Such brothers, no one has the courage. This is also true and if you have  If I don't have the strength, then find the journey, let us take the journey, brother of self-esteem, if it does n't happen to us, Thakur, he did it to us, so it doesn't happen to us, and don't be like every gamut, let's collect chances and mind, maybe it was his fate, maybe it was Shayna, maybe he  This is the knowledge of Amit Sangwan that I am giving you in the knowledge that maybe someone had given him the war to all the people and he knew about it, today you have come to know, you know what you have to do, your madam is sitting, don't you have to speak?  If you want your husband to become a lion of the jungle, then you will become a lioness, as it is a practical thing in life, if you want to become a king, then life will have to make your wife a queen. If you want to become a king, then you will have to make your wife a queen. You understand what I am saying. Like everyone, that is according to the quarrel.  Guruji no, did you make your house a heaven? You have made your house a heaven. Will your wife be on the table because of the table? Smiling brothers and being romantic, giving flowers, mummy.  You are torturing your wife by doing such products, you will have to go through me, make it seem filmy, your mother, before saying anything to her, you will have to go through me, it will not serve you, the registry of your plot is mine, I am your plot, I have to make you a destination.  If you have it, then make it on me, this is an independent plot and the registry of this plot is mine and I will speak in it like this, when you say, neither she who will stand behind nor she will change the world, she will change your world, she will make you whatever you want to be.  Respect vices, while the society is facing inflation, the government is on YouTube, this secret has been told to the world, yours will continue like this, alas, the wife is working, money is running low, she will not let you die of hunger, the school fees will go away, the house, you have already made everything.  Something has happened, grinding is slow, friend, I will not become hungry, friend, I will take less now, I am living separately, I have no money left to pay tax, friend, I will do this much and after that I will come and give the world  I would say that the truth should be told, the limits of responsibility, parents etc. are normal and parents and not rich and wife and not working and he is just left. If someone has become one half then the first thing I say is no, if it is neither then it is not to leave.  Will give, then you don't let me leave, this is also a story of ghosts, brother, we are grinding, you don't let me leave, do less than your wife, only then will you get freedom, your wife will also get it, you will also enjoy and Mian.  There is a different pleasure in the little things that your wife does together. Maybe you have taught your wife some such small business, it is okay to do anything in which she is doing, then she needs energy, man and time to go on a stage, she is good in creativity. 12 hours of fighting life does not come out in the veins of the body, it will be spent in creativity. Keep your husband on a job. Keep your husband on a job. Tell your husband, why do you listen to your boss today? I am your boss, if you don't like me.  So equity etc., whatever you do together, when your husband and wife work together and earn money, the quality of married life increases 100 times. Happiness comes whenever your wife and husband do anything together, if you give meaning, because look what you wife and wife have done together.  May we meet a good one, may we give birth to beautiful, wonderful, happy children. Whenever we meet, there is always something good in any sense. It can never be bad. Let us meet you immediately. I am the sweet ghat of sherbets.  Water is the water of sweet ghats and the color of sherbets, both have to meet only then you will become a lion of the jungle. Respect and vice will give you the knowledge of the world. She will try. Today I have given out the secret. After today I want to do some jungle lions. I can make you sick, right?  I can tell, I can do pet consultation, I have liked it, there are its methods for you guys and there are more, it gets old in 17-18 minutes but now UK imagine because it starts from here because if this  Is not dan you forget it kitna gyaan le lo kitne padh lo kuch kar lo you can jam from other web time [music] banayenge ok thank you