Hello friends, today's topic is I should have friends, a lot of people will run away left and right in this, I know how to make friends, how do we make friends, those who think like us, have belief systems like us, with whom there is no argument, with whom we have fun.  Well, we make such friends, but in friendship, I tell you that those who make too many friends then do not progress further in life, what nonsense are you talking, everyone has to lose like this, what I am trying to say is that when you  In  You will progress, you will meet them, you will respect them, maybe you will help them sometimes, but your lifting, sitting, eating, drinking and meeting will not stop. This is what I am teaching you that you have to leave friends. Friendship is an overrated thing for you because today it is war which is understood. Who is the friend with whom can I make out with? Who is the friend with whom can I drink alcohol and talk dirty with whom can I talk politely without being intrusive. Who is that friend?  He can talk dirty like this, I can smoke cigarettes openly, I do this openly, he is my friend and friend, I have not seen you that many times anyway, there will be a fight in the pub, this is what I call my friend.  He is a friend who will not question my small, useless actions and will support me with his eyes closed. He is my friend. This is the basic system of friendship, I will even give up my life for you. We will not break this friendship. He is Amitabh Bachchan, Veeru.  Concept is the same concept, if we have to have friendship, first of all, friendship is a loose word, you should be very nice and cute with everyone, but if you have to have emotions, then keep parents, wife, children for them. At the workplace, people call colleagues as friends.  No there is a lot of fluff because hey friend means because if you want to get something less from someone then it is very easy to call him a friend that he is our friend but practically he is not a friend, you also know. And it is not possible to have 3000 5000 friends on Facebook, can you have 4000 friends, this is the terrible need of people, you have friends, how am I looking? Our mind has become such that we think about how our face looks in the mirror.  And now we need another man to ask how I look. We have become so far away from ourselves that we need a confirmation by which we have made friends.  You will see that it is okay to pick any Hindi movie, sometimes happy, sometimes sad, Pooja Fu Fu of her three friends who look less sexy than her and she is a leader type and everyone is grinding her, this is how we have made big friends in life so that we can live in reality.  You can check the comparison by saying that this is my friend, the someone who studied with you, he does not become your friend, you will say in college that someone was with you, he was not a friend, he was in the first job, he became a friend, then you went to the second one, then what happened to him, no, he  still friends  Sometimes you call someone, you call someone, you want to take advantage of someone, don't call him a friend, even if you have friends in life, they ca n't be more than the fingers of one hand, I'm not counting us, I end  That friend is the one who is your definition of a friend. He will be less in sorrow. He will be less in sadness. I will also tell you that definition. Check your quality and friendship. I am going to tell you a very big thing. A real friend is the one who can join you in your happiness and sorrow.  what did he just say  What did you say, in happiness everyone is in sorrow, yes-yes, listen carefully, so that you can be genuinely happy in your genuine success and genuine happiness, in sadness everyone goes, this is the actual saying of life that is counterproductive but you are the one in life.  Look, that's why it got messed up, a little bit, he is not a real friend, friend, the one who is happy in your happiness, is happy for you and adds value to your life, his words are devil's advocate, not by confirmation.  You are about to start a business, he is telling you how stupid your ID is, he is able to make you say things that you may not like or maybe question your belief system, crush him, keep such friends in your life. Those friends of progress are few in number. If you do have them then you have to cherish them. They will be happy and they will never have anything to do with you. They will never say to you that they will not care about you. If you are my friend then make me happy.  I want to tell you the same thing about girlfriend- boyfriend relationship, that's why marriage is also love, don't associate with any such girl. If you are a boy and if you are a girl, then do n't associate with any such boy who is jealous of you.  Try to put this burden on me that you make me happy. A good friend is that friend who is happy himself and is ready to share his happiness with you and is also ready to share your happiness with him and he will never let you down.  That brother, you make me happy, you make me happy, you did not come with me to watch the movie, come with me to watch the movie, you did not come with me to watch the movie, you are not my friend, if you did not come here to waste time, then you are not my friend, who should never judge you, judge.  There is a big difference between judging you while not doing one thing and opening your eyes and telling you your real perspective. The difference between the two things is friendship. Yes, if you are a real friend, then I am saying it is overrated because of your quality and its like that.  their  There will be such a system that even after 3 years, they will talk on the phone even after 2 years, they will talk directly, they will forcefully come and go, eat and drink, alcohol, super fish, only there will be no relationship, no one has come to meet you, has come to meet you, food and drink in the hotel.  It is there but that relationship is not going on the basis of let's drink and let's party, it is not because of him, it is because of the people who are adding value to each other and are surrounding themselves like this.  If you make a friend then there should be someone in your life who is your books and who is your knowledge. You can make any creator a friend in YouTube too. Talk to him directly without being yours. You understand his words and you write in the comments. Such friends add value. You may have many such friends. If your definition of a friend is not actually the same definition of a friend, but if you try to make it like this then whoever brings value to my life will be the one who will come to my mind.  I will not take people with me because what kind of action do I have to do that I have to tease a girl, then her boyfriend will kill me, then I will call my friends and then I will tease her, I have to create this kind of circle, many people do this.  Do you know that you play in numbers, we will make friendship like this, I will never leave you because of my friends, men please very polio of your family life, parents do not get along in the family.  Parents do n't understand or don't listen, brothers and sisters don't get along, that's why friends come into the picture, because what is a friend, why do friends like it, because friends don't care that much about you and whatever you do.  Do n't share the bathroom with someone you don't know. You can't do stupid things 24 hours with a friend. Your wife knows. Your parents know what kind of person you actually are. Friends, maybe they are just like you and only.  two alike If you collide then you will support each other then you will feel that he has become your support system and that is a bad habit of yours, don't you understand that he is your mirror image, your clone, he is not a friend because a friend is someone who helps you. Take you up in life and if you reach up in life, then be happy in reaching up. In this definition, how many people come into your life, they will be called friends. Now write whether you thought this thing was good or very bad because  That's what we saw, friends spread in the purchase.  If it happens, it feels a little bad, but if you go first, then it feels worse and you lag behind, and you heard it, friends, friendship is nothing, it is just date in date time and frame, date time and space time pass. We give him friendship through best means and friendship now I say that there is no brotherhood between two brothers, if one brother makes a lot of progress and the other one is not able to do so, this is also a fact of life, then friendship will be lost.  Is This is that you can also say that the Kingdom and there is no fighting among themselves then there is friendship because they want to grow each other and do not want to attack, that is a different thing, you have become very rich, you are a businessman, you have network and  You want you call dem friend it is ok mostly people who are network friends call them friends I hope not confused d only thing what I want you tell date do not get  In this, there is a lot of friendship because of business. In this, it is the friend's friendship and the obligation will increase. He has a lot of personal problems. He is helping you. No, we should help him because he will help me. I have to live a very low standard of life. What friend is there in 20?  What issues are the girl having? Are the girl's issues happening? The boy and the girl broke my heart. Now brother, today you are brother, today you are mine. Hey, don't be like this, why am I for you, why brother, why for them.  Hold on like this, you have to put someone inside you, you have your own life, you have to take your life to the best level, then it may be from such people that you may get what you are listening to, it may be you who are the friends who cry and cry and  Expects my friends to come and help me and set up a harem because you can't do such wise things with your parents Concentrate on your life do something Time Table If you have ever wasted in gaming then you have spent time unnecessarily in drinking alcohol  You have wasted it in cigarettes. He will not eat his friend's cheeks. He will not say how much we are enjoying our lives together. Brother, I am having fun. Brother, I am having fun. You are the only one who understands me only because you are here.  If you need stupidity to understand an idiot then maybe you are living a stupid life and to understand him you got another idiot and this is what you are trying to date me oh ho this friendship we  Will never break because anyone else will come in talk sense and will try to say please don't do this, you will not like it, nor will your parents like it. How will your wife like it if they are talking like this?  Those who are interrupting you in the society for your actual growth, you are really white, these are overrated things and you should not force yourself to have a big.  Circle of friends have limited and three you have sounding boards where you can talk to someone about investment, you can talk to someone about job, you can talk to someone about venture, you can talk to him to do something, just keep it to him, force him to do so.  Do n't take too much because there will be many people who have to do something with you, first they will create a role, today you will meet, then he will ask for some help from you, now you will say why did you waste so much of my time, you should have asked earlier, this is what happens in friendship. If he is your friend then the best friend is an insurance policy. Whatever happens, you will get money. He is also a friend. If you kill him, you will get money. He is also a friend. So look at the definition. Now you want an emotional man who is manipulating you or  If you can manipulate someone, then please do this. If some of your friends start filtering you out after watching this video, then you will filter out your friendship. F for filter F for friendship, please right.  And those for whom this video has completely hurt their belief system and they say that if the video is ridiculous then please write it also. I should know what it is about my audience, so I said it is coming from higher order thinking but I want you to know that I understand.  I could not explain it because if many people say it is ridiculous then it is not that there is no point in it, I will just date it and what do you have to say on this video and this information which I have just shared. Thank you