Hello friends, do you follow Andrew Tate and why Andrew Tate is getting popular among Indian men and young men especially, we will discuss this in some videos, I don't know, even in my comment section, I tried to make it so that I told you that you  Des Desi Andrew Tate Bhai I am not here I don't know him and you don't know me so I make it clear I don't endorse Andrew Tate I like someone more special No, but why are Indian men following us? We will discuss about that. Whatever is happening in the West, he is the one getting popular because women are rising, he wants to show his status to women, he himself is rich.  The body is very nice, if she talks like this then men get attracted, especially those who are addicted to porn, they masturbate, there is no juice in the body from inside, they cannot attract physically, they do not have money, they are not heard by anyone, they are real. Can't attract any girl in life, can't handle women and whoever is called that in real life will feel bad after hearing it but it is a fact that in real life there are not that many men, they like it because it is ok, you can become like that, can you first?  So show me your body, he smokes cigar like a jailer, there is a feeling of Rajnikanth, then I don't know his body is exactly like that and those things are like this and then do that and then that don't.  Woman has to be seen in that place Why on money Why would you do job All those dreams are your dreams Fantasy is yours What you are never able to achieve But that is fantasy And ultimately how is that fantasy She awakened the fantasy in everyone Made a course of my own and converted 000 10000 few dollars into 10 lakh 20 lakh and it became 50 60.  100 200 500 crores and he showed cars, then showed one car, then showed 2, then showed 10, then showed T, then showed girls, then showed boys, then showed like this, Oh brother, he is a confused soul, his entire journey, if you see, you will not follow him, there is still a lot of journey left.  Isn't he in jail, he has gone to jail, there is a drug scandal against him, there are 25 types of allegations beyond that, he does n't understand which one to follow and which place to stay.  He doesn't understand but that's what attracts you in him, that's his one tension, he goes everywhere, he feels like speaking in your face, so he is not a talent alone, nor is he a talent alone, but he  He has attracted people with his superficiality, his thought process is that treat females like this, they need this, men they need, by doing like this and that's it, Indian settings.  Me it is not working may be well settings that thought process may actually work on the real ground because there may not be enough India is also being made in the same way oh no it is being made brother something is 100% and here it is at 5  So now it is no no, it was three a few days ago, now it will be five and tomorrow it will be seven, yes but it is still below 10, still it will not work, this much will not be visible in your life time and till then  He would have dealt with it, his bad habits would have come out and these are the fads of his. Kim Kardashian had never come before him. The ideal that I am telling for girls is fine from the point of view. What is one's claim to fame? He had turned out to be  Pon video, they are famous just because of that and then this is not real life, following them is not going anywhere, you listen to them and you feel good inside, but there is nothing beyond liking, isn't the ideology very good?  So do it or do it in India 498 It seems like try and see and it will go like that here, there is no Andrew Tet, no Ender Tet courses, no money, no car, no lawyer, but the education was closed in two minutes just by watching the video.  It is fun, this is what I am saying, it is fun to watch the pun, but it does not seem to reach anywhere, dopamine is being secreted, adrenaline is being secreted, this is what is happening, testosterone is doing something, without any hard work, some work is being done. real world  To achieve this, now I am going to explain all these things very well in the Happiness Course, which will be my Happiness Course 2.0 after Diwali, so if you want to enroll for that then do H2. Oh you too, yes, I too. Then yes, Andrew Tate counter is Andrew Tate, Andrew Tate's is 000, mine is only 00, so mine is $30, okay, so give a tip in 30 and 7000, I am okay, okay  If yes, then the fact is that do not follow them, they are not reaching anywhere, they are just enjoying seeing the one, they are not taking you anywhere, they are not getting any clarity in life, there is benefit in just seeing them because you are in real life. Neither can I attract girls, but this so called person is taking photos. In real life, your body is not becoming sexy. A lot is being made of him. The one who is just making the body sexy gets some money. No, in India you cannot go to the gym.  become a trainer of  You are left with 50 6 thousand 1 lakh 1.5 lakh, there are very few people who are able to make much money, they have moved ahead, they are gone, but nothing is happening just by becoming a body, this is also a fact and there are such women who become bodies too.  She is not coming, it seems as if she will come, she is not coming, she is coming, Shik Shik Shik Shik Kari, she Shik Shik Shik Kari, practically no one has come, keep roaming around, it seems, then there are the cars near it and all these cigars.  And he is doing all the scandals, you don't even have this, where will you get the car, where will you buy it, he is buying a car worth 2 lakh dollars, multiplying it by 2 lakh dollars, it comes to 1.8 crores, buying a car worth 1.8 crores, you will have to earn Rs 3 crores.  Because that 1 crore 20 lakh will go in tax, only then 1.8 will come and after earning 3 crore you will buy the car, then what else will happen, down valuation at 20 when the car comes out.  I will study further in Indian Roads, again I don't know what is its value, so is there any practical thing, I am enjoying, I know why I am enjoying, I told the reason why I am getting popular because Indian men don't want.  To work hard in the real life, there is only one Acharya in India who is awakening the wisdom and consciousness. Those who are not enjoying there, then one is Andrew Trait who is awakening their wisdom and consciousness. Andrew Trait is becoming popular saying that earn like this and keep them girls like this, keep them on toes, keep them as slaves or treat them like that, that good feeling comes, yes somewhere inside BDSM type feeling comes, the dirty one is okay. Keep it like this, leave one saying, this game itself is bad, this is nothing, if you get it, then what is the happiness of the body, it is an animal, it is okay, so this animal is becoming an animal, this animal is telling, this is saying.  Become a big animal and the youth should understand only this. I am telling you simple and practical things. Remember in your future life, get married at a normal time, have one or two children at a normal time and the marriage has not broken and you are living a normal life. This will be repeated by the parents whose youth is listening to me, this was a normal thing, it was not a great achievement, what a great thing, got a job, got married, this is also a life, do something higher, do all this.  Will go to such an extent to elevate that whatever was this thing which was the most normal thing of all that a wife who labors every five days out of every 10 because it is her religion, you have made the rounds Ramesh Mabu, the price of a pinch of vermilion. Many know that a pinch of vermilion has a huge price, so all Ramesh babus will look like winners 10 to 15 years from now, this is the message so.  It I the Clarity Giver is saying become Ramesh Babu don't go Andrew Tate they don't go this way then after that 15 more years will not come because in 15 years that pinch of vermilion the wife also becomes a little relaxed and the children also grow up a little. A sense of achievement comes, a family has been formed, your fulfillment will happen, purpose has been found, this struggle was immediate here for 15-20 years Chetna Buddha Vive  They were running Uga here, some people say go to Bangkok only, go here, you need to get married, ask whom you want to marry, how many times will you go to Bangkok, okay, we will go to Bangkok, we will go there, if we go here, then there is HTD also, there is some HIV also.  Syphilis also happens, Gonorrhea also happens and let me tell you 10 diseases, what are they and what are the incidents, I am going to explain all these things very well that why you should not do all this and  What effect does it have and what is energy? What is the body? What is the memory of the body? I am going to explain things to you in a very good way. Those who would like to join the Happiness Course, after Diwali, I will have an iconic course on h2 at the number given below.  There will be a full house for noise shots, there will be five or two hour classes, there will be over a period of time, notes will be made, you yourself will become the giver of clarity, there will be no one who tells anything vague in happiness, no one who will teach spirituality, not much.  Just do it like this, not like this, and I will teach you practical things in life wherever people have doubts that this is an addiction, this is a pawn addiction, how to overcome, how to overcome, what should I tell in two lines and less, just raise the consciousness and the addiction will go and will not arise.  What to do, Guru ji, I don't wake up, I don't wake up, it's not like that, just set the alarm clock and you wake up, how does it happen in a practical way, the matter is correct, there is no prayer below, you have to wake up.  But what is the procedure, no one wakes up after reading a book, no one wakes up after reading a book, this is what I am telling you, so do not take the help of too many books, if the work had to be done with the help of books, people would have figured it out long ago.  By the time the public is hanging on the books, no one has read it and has not been able to understand after reading it and the writing is also vague and the one who has written it has turned the whole world into a super power, so don't relay so much, I am not going to dismiss them.  there is something Also these and these books, which are old books, have their interpretation and half of them are also wrong, who will decide that it is okay, it means your teacher is checking your copy, but who is checking the teacher's cap that he is checking the copy correctly?  It can also be wrong and yet it has come from this system only, we think that this person is capable but only he is really capable, it is possible that he may make mistakes in spelling, make mistakes in grammar or he may become strict like that.  One is giving four out of five, the other is giving three out of five, this can also be so easy, so teaching things in a practical way is my USP which I will teach, you come and join, thank you very much.