Hello friends, this is a very popular question, this is asked to me also a lot, today I am giving you clarity on Law of Attraction, Law of Attraction on everything, people normally ask this, does Law of Attraction work or anything else?  It works, how does it work, why does it work, you have to understand one thing, when the British write books, it is okay, then a lot of things are followed in it, science finesse is not asked in it because the British.  Has written Law of Attraction, if someone comes from astrology, Vedanta comes from old Indian knowledge, then everyone needs scientific research and proof, then today I want to tell the same thing on this thing that life You think yourself, what is the law of attraction, I will think something and I will attract positive manifestation, positive thinking, so I am telling you the take on this only, first of all I will tell you on this.  What is too much, this is for lazy people, it is the exit route for them that I have thought something good, it will happen to me, you have to understand what else to do in life, I will tell you very well, you will get clarity and that is logical.  It will seem okay, first of all, if anything happens in life other than accidents, then someone must have thought, if not, then it will happen. For example, if you have to eat rajma rice tomorrow afternoon, then your wife or mother. You will have to soak it in the evening and night. You cannot say at 12 o'clock that if you want to eat rajma rice at one o'clock, then you should not soak it, then you will have to get it from outside only from Sugi, so there is something big to think about it. If that tea is also to be made then milk.  If there is no milk then there is milk to come, now that is also the law of attraction. I want tea. So the way people think of the law of attraction is that I want tea.  It is necessary and I thought very hard that someone will come, will appear and tea will come, it does not happen like this, it does not happen that it will come on its own because what is it, no, but this happened with me once, I was thinking like this, hey.  If you have 10,000 thoughts in a day and in 360 days, if you put in 10,000 thoughts, then by normal probability, five or six things will happen, then what do you think, is the Law of Attraction a theory?  If you have so many thoughts by doing something, then some of them will remain the same, then the Law of Attraction has to be thought that there is nothing in yourself, which is our knowledge of Geeta Ji, that is Karma, Karma is more important, your Mer  Act of Desiring Something Wanting Something Change Something Dozen Work Second Thing is Positivity Positive Emotions Thinking Too Much Positive  There's Something Called Negative Preparation It's Not Thinking Negative Every Time When You Sit in a Car and You Wear Your Seat Belt You're Not Thinking  Constantly an accident will happen, an accident will happen, an accident will happen, you are not  Thinking is a negative preparation that if such a situation comes, I am wearing a seat belt, it will save me, it is a safety protocol, it is called negative preparation, now why don't you think positive in this situation that nothing will happen, nothing will happen, don't think, child.  Thinking it is a getaway for those very lazy people, L for losers, L for lazy people, L for lethargic people. And there was a book called 'Secret' which then became a movie and then something happened beyond that and then many people started doing one thing. These things have been told by us and explained. First of all, if you do not have any plan in your mind that I want to buy a house.  If so, where will the house come from, but you tell me, it is the law of attraction. I thought that if you want to buy a house, it will come. Hey brother, if you want to buy a house, then first of all you have to see how much to buy, where to buy, how much money do you have, how much can you tolerate?  How much down payment is there, how much father-in-law is ready to give, how much is father-in-law ready to give, wife likes the house, 00 and other things, interstate is increasing and decreasing, job is confirmed, it is small, will not be missed, how much consideration is there, then that thing happens.  So, if someone catches hold of the Law of Attraction, then I want a home, I want a home, I want a home, the same thing does not happen like this, the Law of Attraction is mine, every man needs a good, beautiful, polite wife, every girl needs someone rich, very rich. Understanding Feminist Type: Wanted a very beautiful, handsome husband, so both of them started doing Law of Attraction, Law of Attraction, but what are you yourself? This girl, who has a dimple on her left collarbone, will spend her life living with her mother and work.  She is also active and beautiful and she also knows how to cook. These are the traits of five different girls. Now you want to attract them with the Law of Attraction and marry them, but these five are So first of all these five are not present in any one and if there is no one, then how will you attract and what is it in you that will get attracted, you are the one who is roaming around with the desire for this, then everyone has their own individual law of attraction.  Roaming and then they will create another new thing 55 55 Write any five times or 55 times, write for five days, write like this and then it will make your mind realign and it becomes like this and then  This is how it happens, if they are so weak minded, then maybe this means that for those children whose marks are perhaps 51 out of 100, hold them and make them write something repeatedly and make them mark 33.  If you have done this, it works for them, but the child who is a thinker, has a little bit of awakening of consciousness, intellect and conscience, it is okay, he is sitting at number 60, 70, everything is enough for him, he knows what he has to do, how to do it, best of all.  Big What is the problem in this, you have to think, you have to attract it, it is told how to go about it and there is no discussion about it, so many people are sitting like this is coconut, if it falls, then I will eat it, if I want to make banana, then it will fall, if it is fruit.  It will fall, you keep sitting under the tree and keep attracting it, keep doing it, keep doing it and don't move, brother, someday it will fall, but it is also possible that you are looking at someone else like this.  He came, he hit you with a stick, broke it, hit you with a stone, the stone fell on your face and the fruit fell there, you picked up the fruit and went away, you kept playing the Law of Attraction, this is a very good way to pass the time because there is no action in it.  And you see that whatever knowledge does not have action, that knowledge becomes very popular wherever you say that something has to be done, you only have to do it and it is you who is lacking and you could not do it Munna or Munna you.  Do it Munna Munni, if you are not able to do that then it will irritate the youth, but where something like this is so common, especially if it comes from the West, because if it is coming from here, then they will say that it is a superstition here. Apply something, if you do something of your own then there is a superstition as to what has been done but something is coming from outside, not let it manifest and let the nature and the world and the universe give this.  Thing and then all that universe of yours, that dialogue of Shahrukh Khan, the whole universe will align it like this and that is what happens, I have experienced this, you try and those people there have told me that I am also an astrologer but I also know this. Know that if you keep making 10,000 predictions, all five will be correct, there will be rain, there will be no rain, there are only two things - the sun will come out, the sun will not come out, whether something good will happen in your life or not.  There is a 50% chance in a thing, okay, so you are carrying a charge of 50%, the same is the case with manifestation of anything, if you manifest it from morning to evening in the Law of Attraction, then something will definitely happen.  There is also that tea example that yes, maybe mother or wife will ask, I have been manifesting since morning, hey, get up and make yours, are you okay, I woke up at 6:00. Manifestation is going on, make a maid and give it without asking, she also went away, make a wife, give it, the wife also left, Oh Mummy, at least someone comes from somewhere, at least something happens, it's okay, if something happens, then maybe if you keep waiting, then maybe  It will be done by evening, maybe if you get it in the evening, you have done the manifest, but is it worth it? What is the most premium thing in the world today? The most premium thing is that which goes away and cannot come back. That is time, here the premium of time is there, there is no calculation or there is something that I can manifest, 12 hours, 12 days, 12 months, there should be some kind of timeline or I am a walking manifester from morning to evening.  Do n't even sing that song, I want that, I want that, I just have this little dream, do something like this, keep wanting, keep wanting, it will become yours, before anything good happens, it is necessary to want it, otherwise you will not work towards it, but  And desire is not just the beginning, it is also written in this way that there are three steps in this too, first you do it like this, then by making this thing so big, it is being sold so well, very good, very good, read a lot, it is very secret, it is a very big secret.  What is this secret, this is A for Apple, B for Boy and not Plus One Two, it is a thing of the same level, everyone knows that if you want something then first you will have to think in your mind, then after you have thought, then you will have to do something, so if you are thinking.  And then if you are doing it, then you will get it, then what is so great thing in it, what is so great and special in it, but does it work, does it work, brother, does it work, all of them would have manifested to become IS, to become IS.  Have dreams at night and sit to sleep. Now that vacancy is yours for 180, then 90 of them go for reservation. 18 What do the gold people say and the EWS people?  If they take 90 and 18, how much will it become? 108, how much is left out of 108? If you are in the general category, then you can manifest in 72, 72. You are manifesting 6, 7 lakhs. Okay, so 6 lakhs, that is marriage with a popular heroine.  If she is manifesting Rs 2 crore then she will definitely marry Vicky Kaushal, which means now everyone can't become Vicky Kaushal or Vicky. What will happen through manifestation, attraction is also made a law, I am very attracted, okay and on the law of attraction, that thing is limited, then what is limited, then what limited thing can we do with the law of attraction, then there is competition, then I am for peace.  I attract, so that I get peace, I will attract peace, my friend, abstract things are good, I also say this, many times I come and try my best to explain, but this is  Something Na Jo Pura Mammo Jamo Hai And You Can Complete Avoid It Because It Breeds In Action And By Doing Action All Things Will Happen And In Law Of Attraction Many Times It Happens That You Attracted To Get Rasgulla And Then It Came To You. Gulab Jamun is also looking very tasty, so sometimes we think wrong things even in attraction, it behaves better than that, perhaps we did not even know and sometimes what happens in our mind.  Even when the desired thing happens, if the mind is not happy, then it is Man To Chanchal Hai. Rajesh Khanna ji has already told Pushpa a lot that Man To Chanchal Hai is the dialogue of which movie. It is okay to tell, if Man is to Chanchal Hai, then it is the mind and the law.  And don't talk about all this, do real work in real life, attract real people and real relationships, real money, focus on real things, focus on real estate, okay and you will do well in life, so this was my take.  On Law of Attraction I Feel You Can Completely Bypass This and Live a Great Life Without Reading Any Book on It Any Article on It and Anything These fads are there to keep people busy especially lazy people so that they feel that yes do something  We are lying down, Law of Attraction will happen, okay, I will write, I will write like this, I will write there, I will write like that, do the work, there is no need to write so much, work in real life. Do it, the knowledge which does not work the next day and does not give results or does not give results in three to four hours is useless knowledge. Remember this is the basic thing that knowledge has to help you immediately. Immediate means within minutes and few hours it has to.  Help, something should start. You start hitting setups. It may take six months to become abs, but when you hit 40, 50, 60 sets for the first time, you will feel that pain in the stomach.  You start having pain in the muscles. If there is no pain in those muscles then you have not set up, you have manifested your Law of Attraction that if I get a six pack app then no it will take six months to get the six pack app but that.  The pain will come in the body within six hours. Try the setup. If you do pushups, it will take time to build your body. If you lift weight, it will take time. But the pain in the muscles will come immediately.  The thing which is useful will start having immediate effect. Any person likes my video, he likes my words, he feels relieved after listening to me, if my words have any substance then he will feel it immediately, if not he will feel it then brother, that is nonsense.  This is something that you should carry with you in your life. Thank you very much.