Hello friends, today on Clarity Channel the youngsters are elders, for me even 40-45 year olds are also youngsters, 50 year olds are also youngsters. I will tell you a concept which has been termed very bad by the society but I will tell you the right way to hack that inevitable. Date is doing.  Comparison and judging are two ideal things, it is always said, don't book, comparison and it is said, don't church, it is like saying that it is not snatching work.  Don't worry or say it as you are told. Don't do it. This is bound to happen. This is bound to happen. Don't forget it. There is no benefit in saying yes, I also agree, but still people do it because no one has explained in depth what I am.  Like the teller, subscribe the channel, do n't do it yet, there is going to be a very deep intelligent higher order video, watch it till the end, sitting in a place of great peace, I am talking about peace, okay, I am in a great place, okay, so we will start first.  Then we will go into comparison, we should judge in judgment, first there will be comparison, you go to class, you say Shivalinga poetry, you compare with relatives, you compare with friends, this is Facebook which has become so many billion dollars, this is basic in human being.  Who is his wife, how beautiful is she, how is her husband, how are her children, how happy are they, this is just for the tableau because my friend Umesh was in the army.  He used to be less numbered than me, I was missing more but his life is looking more Zingalala, he is standing behind Leaning Tower of Pizza, behind him is a tree, behind him is Leading Tower of Pizza and he is taking a photo there, he is looking very happy, hey  Life has passed, I am left behind, if my wife becomes like this, I say, comparison should be done, a lot of comparison should be done, I want to tell you the method, compare the comparison. Do a lot but bring everything, you will say table, everything, so what is a table, everything is a table, whatever defines your life, if you want to compare, then what do people do normally? How have people made their lives miserable? You compare the worst of your life with the best of others' life. You have seven to eight people to compare, your brother- in-law, your brother-in-law, your brothers and sisters, your close friends.  Close Open: Whose life do you know very well? First of all, comparison will never happen with Mukesh Ambani ji because you do not know him and if you know him, then you know that you make comparison with him, that does not mean that comparison will happen with people you know.  If we believe that it is okay then the comparison is happening with the people we know, but what do we do if something good is happening in someone's life and my life is for example, you are not able to go out for any reason or  Or it is not your nature or your money is invested somewhere else. Where is your focus area in life? It could be any reason. Now you have a friend or a relative, he is roaming around. Okay, so now he is roaming around. You will see his photographs, you do not roam around, some other story is being played out in your life, a good story is being played out, the network is increasing, so and so is threatening, anything is happening, now you have compared this thing with him. Okay, then you will become miserable. Okay, now he may be making a comparison that your wife works, she has double income, or her children are more intelligent, or her health is good, or she has become spiritual, or this father and mother. Because even in your life there are different stories playing out, you are not even counting them, that is why I am here to bring everything, you are the table, you are the parents, you are the one.  You are in a relationship with your parents, it is your wife, it is your relationship with your wife, are you kids, how are you getting the values, how do you eat, how is your stomach, do you compare, is your bathroom cleaned in the morning, because they will compare, won't they?  There is also a factor, the hand-conceived people who roam around or the half-conceived people, it is completely desi, okay, some particular kind of food.  Eat, excise and do all this, so if I say the parameters of total comparison, then according to the data I have, it is 100. You can also make it 500, but 100 will be a rough life comparison which will define your life.  Let's do this thing, write all those parameters and find out all the things of your friend or relative and give him a number, then give a number to yourself and then calculate, then you will get relief. This is a big, full and hardy thing, it will take a lot of effort because it is very easy to make comparisons with smaller ones. Hey, his wife is beautiful, his husband is so handsome, his father is not cigarette, but alcohol, his husband is handsome, his husband is cigarette, not alcohol, his father is handsome, very desirable, sexy and handsome.  She casts her eyes on other women too, you don't know that your big, round teddy bear is only your teddy bear, only you can hug it and no one else wants to hug it either.  Is and that is your life, then you should see the ways of comparison, what do we want? We all want the best of life of those around us. We want a car equal to or higher than that of a relative. We want a house equal to or higher than that of another relative.  Some relative's child is studying in a school, he wants to be better than that, someone is going to roam around, he is going more, you will see that someone's life is not Zingalal, there is no Zingalala in totality, there are compromises and because you will do one thing, you  One  Instead of spending a lot of time in earning money, if you concentrate then your focus will get diverted somewhere, so you have to give your priority, this is life, it is a singer player game, it is a live single player game, that is not the meaning of competition, you are your competition, you are your best.  The biggest enemy is you only, you have to improve, it is very difficult to beat everyone else everywhere, like now when there are children in the class, because different aspects have not come in their life which I have given 100 parameters.  There will be four-five parameters in the life of a child of 15 years, 10 years and 14 years, so among them he competes in school that he has my marks, that is fine, he is an old thaharaunga because his area of ​​focus is limited and it is fine for him that in future he But as we grow older, you see, when you are 25, your parameters of comparison should be 20 because you were not married, you had a job, then you get married, then you have children.  Then children have children, then relatives also have children, then they put out their own stories, so this video is very deep, okay and now I will tell you this one about comparison, you have understood, I will tell you, judge, judge, people say, I should not do it.  I say that you should do a lot of things, but someone told you this wrongly, but first of all, before judging others, judge yourself, judge yourself as to what my belief systems are, which I am actually walking through life as a person, that is my real reality and that of others. not be  And I am judging him on the basis of his reality, so first of all, I should note down the scale of my reality as to how much is right and wrong, and first of all, I should know myself that I am sitting on the basis of my belief system and notions.  For so many years, is this okay, is this okay, who knows, there is nothing wrong with them, so first of all, judge yourself and secondly, many people make a mistake, you tell me whether you do it or not, they make this mistake, friend, this  Man  It is not bad but is it good or should it be fine? All these are good systems. Humans are either bad or good and you should not feel ashamed in saying this. For example, people do not say no, even Ravana has a lot.  There were no qualities. Yes, Ravana's qualities, you have to see what is the score and center from where he means like for example now it is said discipline, even Duryodhana had a struggle to build his body. What was the core of his doing? To give some weapons to someone, to reduce some wrong, you have to look at the center. Before judging a person, many people can be very lazy, they don't have any good habits but still they are good people because their  The core center is that my boss, my mother-in-law, father- in-law or someone's problem forcefully start putting people in the category of good and bad. People say no, there is no black and white, this grip is great, life is not great.  Life is black and white  Either the man is good or the man is bad. Now a man who is keeping his body good, wants to look sexy, is married but he is doing everything to make other females follow and like him or his.  Be it any extra marital affair or anything related to it, this person is bad. Now you cannot say that this is just an act, everything else is fine, only his core is bad, you understand that the one whose core is bad, he is a bad person now.  that 150 is good  If you do something but it is still bad then Ravana Ravana is the one whose intention is on someone else's woman, how much knowledge he has, how much goodness he has, only then people will make a video sometime. People are confused between religion and religion, they call it religion.  Hindi: Religion never changes, yet you have rituals which keep changing with time, but the things that have been said since thousands of years ago, that parents are parents, do not look at other's sheep, do not look at other's money.  put it wrong like this  Don't underestimate, the things which were applicable 15-20 thousand years ago will be applicable even today and 20000 years from now. So judge people on things but first of all judge yourself and don't be afraid to judge people.  I have head date confidence yes good this is not good how many are there now no know it depends no know it gray can't speak like this anyway basically what have you done everyone have done their  I am also a bastard, you are also a bastard, don't judge me baby, whenever I judge you, we both will keep doing our own nonsense, Raita will remain flat in life, this is basically the reason of the society, because if you are like this.  You will know that judging is not bad, otherwise you too will be judged and will be judged. On bad and good, you get distracted. Due to this, a deep video is being made. This is a very, very high video. It is in a very good and relaxed environment.  These kinds of thoughts come while living, that's why I am making a video that if respect is okay in Vice Gurgaon, then how did you like the video? Tell me, will you now judge yourself and people? Please write in the comment section, judge yourself according to me.  You should judge your values and once you have got it right, then judge everyone with the correct parameters. First of all, bring the parameter scale from somewhere and as it happens, gold has its parameter, 18 carat is also this carat.  22 carat 24 carat, then come with those parameters, first see yourself whether you are 22 carat, 21 to 23 to 24 to 18 or 12, whatever, then look at yourself, now if you fit the parameters from that, then these parameters are universal.  I told you that these are universal parameters, now people say who are we, why are we not the ones to judge anyone, brother, you are a human being, I have got the form of a human being, it is a big thing.  Judge more in this, the day if these people don't judge then only then they will get the courage to do less wrong to the people, to tease the girls and for some wrong reason, if people actually start getting judged for their actions then they will actually be judged by the poor people.  They do injustice, they exploit those who are weak, they harass those who are bosses, they don't know what they do in the office and they get their way, they are doing it for the good of the company.  We are doing it for the bigger good CD, the largest end date, this is nonsense, it is all nonsense, it is a fraud, judge him, tell the boss that you are ill-mannered, your judge, never tell anyone that he has these bad things and these good things, tell it to the guy, brother or  So this is good or bad, don't justify him that he is this, recognize his core, what I am telling you is that whatever he is doing, he is doing good, it comes from.  What are you doing? You raised your army to destroy other countries to protect your own country. Now what is this Russia doing with its power, what is it doing with the nuclear weapons it has created, to judge it? Look, our compulsions can be anything, we have to benefit, we have to do this, this is the dynamics, in this matter, the compulsions of the country then become those of the citizens, the citizens then do the same among themselves, hence life should be like this.  Rakhi: Clear cut in life, say that brother, you are a bad person, say it to your man, speak on his face, you are a bad person, but it is my compulsion, you have to tolerate it and I will not forcefully tell all my constituents that what is there in you?  And the deeper thing you should understand is that our mind also does not want to do wrong thing, we want to justify that in our mind if we say that by doing this we do not want to fall in our own eyes that I am doing this to myself.  I am associated with this wrong person for profit and I don't know how to do it, so you force him to find some good things in the person, those good things, I am telling you, even a stopped clock shows the correct time twice a day, so it is like this.  Nothing can be bad, the clock is not running, there is no friend, it is 6:00, but it is showing the correct time at 6:00 in the morning and 6:00 in the evening, so don't go by this logic.  Do n't go by this stopped clock syndrome that he is good in this, you should recognize the straight core of every person that whatever he is doing good or less, so called, what is its code, for which region he is doing it, what is the larger region. If the larger region is okay then it is okay, if I have a politician, he just wants everyone to do something wrong for himself and his own family, then someone of his is bad, now he is sitting on top and showing off, otherwise everyone does it.  see you later  So this is a very good parameter to judge people and you have to judge, without judging, how will you progress in life if you do not judge someone, whether a boy is sitting next to a girl, you are a father, a boy is sitting next to a girl, you will not judge that.  What is their thought process? Will they not judge everything? Be it property, money, marriage. What is their thought process? Will these people not check things? They will not judge. Now they will judge something but first their own.  Keep the parameters right. People do not want to keep their parameters right because it takes effort to see their parameters and then to release them. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Subscribe to the channel. See can't stop NR situations with Adarsh ​​See can't.  Stop judging Adarsh ​​it is going to happen and but you do it right they don't do this stupid thing is also ok I hope I told you this you understood and  How much do these people agree or not? Those who don't agree should write 'Don't Agree' because the system distracts you. Brother, every person wants to live in his own zone. He wants to think good about himself and also thinks very badly about others.  If he takes it then he will think that he will think about me, then he did not even think, this is good in this, this is gas, how to live, but this is from SKP, according to me, what is your opinion, please write in the comment section, don't stop judging, ideal.  Don't Stop Comparing Yourself Do It In The Right Way And Then You Will Release What Is Ho Life Will Throw Lot Of Lessons To You You Will Also Learn A Lot Thanks To You People