Hello friends, interesting topic, you must have felt that the world is behind me, but I am behind you, there was a famous song, its song, please write that, it is okay to increase your GK daily in the comment area, it is okay, the world is behind me, but I am behind you here.  I will give interest in Toxicity in Relationship that the same do people stand toxic relationship because you have many relationships even before marriage, okay why do you live as fans or and marriage People also travel inside, so I am giving freedom to this thing that we do not have to do it like the world is behind me but I am not going to do it like this after you, what is the reasoning, I am telling him that in a toxic relationship  What is it, a man or a woman, whichever partner he is, becomes controlling and destroys your self-esteem by shaving your body, or you don't have hunger, or you don't have confidence, or you just let it be, or you  It's not enough, by doing this you become quite a doctor, the world likes you, that's why I made the topic, the world is behind you, maybe you are a very good teacher, maybe you are a very good man, you are very respected in the office, your man is gender neutral.  The thing I am telling you is that the world is liking you, the world is behind you in a way, I would say that the world likes you but your partner has kept you under control and has lowered your self-esteem. Now what is the problem that  the world to you  You do n't have anything to do with what she is saying, you just need her love, you need her attention. When you are going to tell me the story, I will tell you with the example of a woman. Again Ritu is singing very well. Hey today your one is very nice. Saree Your looking very graceful this date Your women or whoever you are getting compliments and your husband looks like this to you but you do not say I want something from my husband only, you are an example.  But you understand that this thing is fine, I do n't want to take people like this here, there are so many instituted people here especially and what extra are you, then understand my friend, I believe it is an intelligent audience, it is fine, these are the kind of people who sleep.  Those who have such thinking, if you have subscribed, then do subscribe and there is no need to watch the video from now on. No creator can speak so clearly, I am telling you, it's okay, you understand people. I am in a lot of pain, in consultation, a pattern is emerging, it is happening with men also, it is okay, it is not that it is happening with the man, he is not happy or the girlfriend is not happy.  And she is kept in an institute, she knows that if I make her story more selfish and praise her, then she will not ask me, I am not such a surprised done housewife, my body is shapeless, now look, I am both a girl and a girl.  Going to talk from the other side, there is a balance which is like the body is in the bed and why am I saying this because brother, the body is the attraction, it is a fact in the relationship, it looks good, the body is yours, you do the job, not the housewife, you are yours.  Your husband is better looking than you, he is working hard with money, he is a decent man but you have terrorized him. How many people's life has been like this, what have you done? Madam would have kept it tight because this man's self  The esteem of this woman is very low and what is period time? This process of ours also knows our weaknesses and some things which are our pain points, maybe from childhood, it was not resolved with its help or mother did not do that much in childhood.  Coldness does not give love or the mother gives it to the other sibling. He is a lonely flower or he is a lonely boy. There are many problems in the psychology of lonely children which each and every child is doing.  Yes, you guys, I will make a video on this again sometime. The channel is fine on another channel, this is not a very good matter, then sister, brother, sister and two, it becomes heavy and many people sit with three, I remember attending their birthday anniversaries.  I give relief and give gifts, so you have to understand this thing very well that whenever this is happening please take this think friend, how am I with other people, other people tell me that I have a lot of logical power and a lot of clarity.  Is it or am I very  Well, do I do less or do I have a lot of knowledge about Math or do people like me at my job? It is my juniors who like me and you have to see theirs too or not alone, should I go after her or not when it is my wife and my husband who can do anything to me.  Will say, these are the things under control, there is a lot of such content and videos, now I want to see and listen, today I am giving a little hint and telling that are you the audience ready to do all this because I am only providing all these things for the tree members.  I don't even want to stomach  I am planning to do a lot of things for the bus, it is happening that some videos happen that if they go too much for me after one stage, then I have to read them to remove them, but for whatever reasons, first of all, you can see the bell notification.  Insert, if you are listening to this video, it is okay, if you are listening to the video, it will be released like Tantu, you will know that you can watch it comfortably in 10, 12, 14 hours, but many things are dark things, there are dark things of society, there are dark things of family, there are things which are dark.  but in the open Even discussing it, probably not that many people will be able to see it because he hits the ghosts, they become their desires, there are many of them, some do not like sweets, some have pain due to pressure and by pressing, the pain also increases.  But it gets cured and the reason behind it is that it touches and slaps. You must have seen that you have to remove the pen of the person who is pressing, but if one of the people moves away, then even one slaps the one who is pressing.  He too  It seems that friend, if there are more people trolling me, then I have pierced him like this and then I leave him and say, brother, listen, who has now understood the thing there, then come there who will talk there either.  It may be like this, in my vast experience of consultation, I am seeing these patterns that people forcefully give us toxicity sans ne can call it on, there is freedom, there is no power, there is no movement, you are liberated, neither am I here.  If you can't do this, then someone is showing that you should leave your partner, divorce them, leave the children, I am not saying this, I am saying make yourself a little dominant, your life will be fine, then this or this will also improve or improve.  I am talking gender neutral and he starts saying that madam what about lodging wait I go married you this photo what are you bringing to the table madam give another keeping me self esteem low that I  This is not less, you also do something less, broom is made in the house, utensils are there, food is distributed, there is a driver, there is a car, I am also talking about those houses, I do everything and even a woman does not do it and where a woman does a little or a little.  She takes care of it, she gives it so big like a chingham that I am putting a match in the child, hey, 12 year old children are not raised, 12 year old children are your plates, these children should perform your aarti first, two-four-five years old.  after that children you  Let's see, a child above the age of 10 years is not taken care of, he is doing his own thing for 17 years, 18 years, once you did it, that means once you did it to Hussain Bolt too, when there was as much as a gold medal, the race was not run. You have given birth to your children, you have worked hard, very good, but now you are 40 years old, your children are 12-14-15 years old, what are you doing now madam, so this is all about the society, now what is the matter with me, what is wrong with me?  First I will strike some dialogues, men leave and run away, then I will say something to the women, women will leave and run away, so I only know mine, either you must have seen the channel, many of them talk about such men only. Only he is a lawyer, he says that women are saree Gandhi and getting dirty with men and this is it and he is holding a channel, so all the men got stuck in it because his consistency is that man is poor woman.  If the devil is right, then why has he held this misconception that women are poor men, donkeys, so now I am relieved like this, otherwise I should also increase more. Subscribe to increase your number of intelligent people like me. If you consider yourself intelligent, then your  As soon as it increases, don't accept such foolish people, I am not that military type, it is okay to cut me down, people who write good comments in the comment area are good, that is, they have written good for me, the quality of a comment is good.  Also, what I believe in dialogue, not in controversy, dialogue is English, dialogue should be in dialogue and that man brings you to the table, that man is not important, what is what you bring to the table, what is important, what are we talking about, I talked very logically.  Have you given counter target? Are you more category or I am more poetic? This note is not important. Think what is important is what is being discussed. Topic is important topic.  Only on the topic, it is possible that sometimes you may not understand or like what I am saying, you may not agree or it may be that I have not been able to explain it that well, it may be so, but you can tell me the very effect that I am having on the topic.  If you enjoy it, then just write the image and whoever is listening to me today is liking it, he can show Jaspal that friend, I will increase one subscriber, I have heard that it is good because it is important to be in Patna, moral increases only through this.  this one If you want to see more content, my channel is all about stories where I will get more of that, Namaskar ji, if I can get my strength there then you subscribe, apply a little more force and say yes, one bada diya ji, today two badas.  You may have increased the paste by 10 and on five congratulations, I am talking about today, I am talking about this video, so please increase it if you can, please read. Thank you very much.