Hello friends, Interesting Topic Main Women and Bus Seat We have seen in buses, you can do this in metros also but let me tell you with the example of bus, it is written for women in the bus, it is written for women and this is my observation.  One has to sit in the bus to get the content and the observation of General Society which is under my discussion, tell me today I wish to give clarity on this, many boys and men go and sit on the women's seats. Go and women have to come, I will tell you from the example of Delhi, okay, how much is the remaining space, you guys write in the comment section, some seats are reserved in your city, it is okay for women, there are about 15 buses, there are some in each. I will also try to tell why this figure of 15 is there. Okay, first of all, if Shivri was for men then there would be no need for reservation. Ideally speaking, seats for ladies.  It should not be given, it is equal, yes, I will discuss it, I have seen many comedy scenes, as soon as you are sitting on a woman's seat, if a woman comes, then first close your eyes and act like I am sitting, she is also sitting.  It's okay if you don't pick me up, don't pick me up, then she will come straight, a little more aggressive in Delhi, girls and I don't mind her because being aggressive is their self-defense mechanism, a man has to be rude for survival, it's okay. Why should one wake up without being rude? If someone does not get up with love, someone comes and says, brother, brother, uncle is okay, sir, okay, please do like this and get up, then why would the girl be rude, her experience is not like this, she knows how to get up without being rude.  It is not just that what happens sometimes is that the man is a bit decent and if that girl comes and misbehaves with him then the issue becomes that why did you not speak comfortably and in many cases I  I have seen such a fight happening that it is a ladies seat, wait a minute, you are fighting, I will not give it to you, there aunty or didi or someone, I will come and give it to you, because this is a ladies seat, I will not give you a fight, all these comedies.  That is, I will not let the ladies sit, I will give it to her and she will come and sit, then why are these things happening, why has this society become like this, in favor of men and boys, I do not call it domestic.  Violence 498 Girls Dirty Girls Aggressive Men Are Not Able To Handle Because I only ever tell this to the tree person because it gets dark a little bit. Many people must have heard this who are my members etc. or in webinars but the fact is men are  Not behaving like men, no these girls, you are a man, brother, yes, it's okay, they are equal, first of all, man and woman are equal, neither were, nor can be, nor can anyone do.  Men and women are different. How can two different people be equal? Equal opportunities should be given. There are 30 days in a month at the age of 15. There are 30 days in a month. Menstruation occurs for four or five days. Menstrual cycle occurs for women between 18 and 48.  Whatever group is there, what does 18 mean, it is from 13, but if you look at the children who go out in this way, then they work out at 15.  If you see, some day someone had put in mind that if women of this group are going then it has to be accepted that if you ever see 100 women anywhere then at least 15 in that group would be menstruating.  Standing at the default setting at that time is a matter of difficulty, so someone has put a figure at 15, will they say now or not, why not at 30, at 50, at 15, now many people say. That all the women who are there should sit on the 15 seats. Why are you sitting on the other one? Now even a woman has the wisdom to say that if this is a woman's seat and the rest are sitting empty, then I should sit on the vacant seat because one of my women is mine.  A sister of my gender has the right to sit at 15, but people think that no, she is only 15. Why, when God made the gender 5050, then why would only a woman sit at 15?  If you don't want to come out then this is not an idol society, we don't have main Shivas, that's why we had to make a lady, if she is pregnant or has any problem, if she is older, then brother, you do n't have to come, I am old, I am a man, but this is a young girl.  Still, you will have to pay while sitting on a woman's seat. Who gives up his second reservation where there is no women's turn? There is a reservation system in jobs or competitive exams held for big institutions.  Does he leave his wife? My father is an IAS but I also get it under the law, so I leave him because he is mine, no one leaves his own, so why do you expect from women, where rice is given to someone.  The government has given ration, it is an entitlement, if someone leaves his share where he has got it legally, then why do you expect, why are you shaming him, the society has to see that this is needed because. Men are being brought up, they are being brought up, there is an issue inside them, it is the woman who is bringing them up, look at every man, whether he is someone's wife or not because you can remain a bachelor, sister may not be someone's because she was not born but  Everyone has a mother. Does the son understand his mother's pain? Does the mother tell him openly what are the issues? Son, why am I irritable today? Son, it is not because of your grandmother.  Only and Papa because I am having periods and this is that time of the month when a man's patience levels go up, he feels like not working, irritation levels remain, cramps come in the body, why don't men become sensitive?  It is shown that only mother is his idol, sacrifice and everywhere else he has a sense of entitlement because son, you have come, I have prepared the food. Hindi You have seen all the old pictures of that one Nirva Rai, she is making it like this, she is doing all the work in the house, she gets up in the morning and starts working. Mothers hold all the boys and say to them, wash your underwear.  Take na tell them, wash your clothes, na tell them, dry your clothes, don't you have a bedsheet, you are a son, you have become a son, India, especially for boys in North India, boys have been born, the biggest achievement is that it is your catchment, we have been born boys.  Yes, we are born as boys, it is our greatest achievement, all this has happened in Haryana, especially boys in Haryana, now change is happening, well, through the videos of people like us, there is nothing greater than being born as a man, nothing.  Great there is nothing great being born as a woman it is like we have to look beyond gender we have become a boy so brother you are a man your responsibility is protection  And civil women say whatever they want, fight for their rights, okay, there should always be equality of opportunity. Well, you come to ask for your place everywhere and you get equal rights, but then why can't you stand here, oh very much.  She also stands up, it is not that everyone wants it, everyone says this, many girls say that you should keep sitting but she will definitely scold you, so whenever you see such a situation in the society, next time if you see it like this, if you  If you are sitting then please tell that man to get up brother, don't argue, this is theirs, the government has told me, I see men traveling in ladies' place, then the police even beats them with batons, lady police beats you, don't travel brother.  It is going empty, let it go, it is empty right now, then it will be filled later, now you feel empty, oh it is going empty, we are going here filled, oh then next she comes, now you are feeling a little empty seat, you sat down and then she comes.  gone again What will you do, if there is an empty seat in the bus, it is okay to sit, but as soon as she boards, you will have to give her seat. And from somewhere, please, I have a request to a few people, friend, historical, if you look at the British, then watch their movies or their old ones.  If you want to say My Lady, My Lady, My Lord, you will have to say My Lady also. You will have to respect Ladies First, which is an English saying. It is the British who have the most respect for the ladies.  Women are fed first. Which are the institutions in our country where ladies and children are fed? I see it in weddings or at many places, this is a normal setup. Men are the biggest talkers. Ladies should always be first, everyone is there.  In anything, the priority has to be given to ladies and children and men, so I said that we should also have a commission, oh friend, drown yourself.  Men, man, man is running the world, man, I am also running the world, so I am the one who needs protection, who needs protection, whoever does not have equal rights is not equal, man is running you too, if it works, then the world will work again.  So no, why do we have this competition with girls? Any girl needs to be respected and protected, whether she wants or doesn't want, that's a different matter, if she is ill-mannered then it does n't matter.  She has bad manners, she is a man, you are a man, you will do such things, why do you get involved in a buffalo, why do you get involved in a buffalo, it is difficult, being a man, being a real man, a real man, a complete man, it is not easy, I have seen women go through a lot of hardships. And then it seems that why didn't he do it, many people will stand up, you will have to have patience, you will have some patience, now I am digressing a little.  I am getting out of the bus and coming back to normal behaviour. You keep it a little, we have seen a lot of cases, if you have a little patience, there will be people, this is the era of social media, videos and videos are made, everything remains, there will be people, let's call out.  Their Bad Behavior Also, you should see why half the time women react like this because the DNA they have been carrying throughout their life is that they will tease, touch, molest and then some.  If there is a problem then it is their self defense mechanism like I don't want to take the name of some particular animal but you can see for yourself that anyone will be an animal in fear, I am calling an animal an animal because a human being is even higher than that, any human being.  Will it be an animal or any creature, let's say when it doesn't behave rationally in fear, it comes to bite, then you should look from within that what has society done to this girl that the girl is coming to bite, I have something inside. Our gender has not done butt since What are the experiences of her life, what are her childhood experiences, are they from college, are they from the bus? Who was touching her? Look, women are so intuitive and have so much wisdom. Call it that they have different sensitivity or whatever sensitivity they have.  That a woman is standing like this in the bus and a man is standing like this and the collision happened like this, that woman understands that it was because of the bus hitting the brakes, was it because she was willing or was taken advantage of, that much intelligence is there in her, there is a difference. She is evil, isn't she? She is not calling out, she is growling from within, as if it means that she is an animal instinct. If we talk about the animal kingdom, it is better if someone is teasing like this. It means that they are saying that  Instead of us traveling, it is better that decent boys should travel because out of 10, two are decent, eight are scoundrels and two are right thinking, so we will remain like this because I  They don't have time to check many times, to investigate what were your feelings, so they are trying to paint everyone with one brush, but this is for the boys to do and whatever is going on in the mind of the boys, that is what is going on in the mind of the women.  They take it because the universe has made it such that a woman has to become a mother because when a mother has a small baby, she cannot say anything that she wants this, so that instinct is given in the girls without saying anything.  what needs to be installed And what is happening is that call it radar or call it frequency or call it whatever makes sense in science, now that you have one of these, improve your behavior a little and every human being has a sister, mother or daughter at some point of time.  There has to be someone, it has to happen, everyone has to be a mother, so next time through this video, if you leave your seat or ask me to leave, please write in the comment section. If I have managed to impress even 20-30 people. So this video is successful Please share this and I am not speaking from a high moral point here, I do not want to become a normal moral science teacher of the society, I also say this to the society, I am a practical man but I am saying this simple thing that if you do this you will feel.  Nice a man always feels nice when he behaves like one and unfortunately those who say men are becoming less, don't know which party you are becoming, what are you becoming. You men have to be brave, those who are our soldiers, if you ever interact with anyone, the number of people who do the work of killing and killing is fine, the legal people who are in the government system are very civil, check, check, check.  You may be familiar with your relatives, that organization thrives in Shivari, and that is what the women and the women like the best one of the best straights in a man, whether they say it or not, they say it tomorrow. Like you, many times I also take classes on how girls like boys actually and there is no problem in becoming like this. Shivri shows that if you are going then you have opened the gate for someone, you have opened the gate of the car.  Pulled the chair, these people do not become slaves like this, this is civil, who will teach, where will teach, I am teaching, you have to learn, in the comment section you will find webinar info group, I will teach you that a good man and a man who is called real.  How to become a man who can attract women, for them it is a matter of security for them, for them it is a matter of trust, for them it is a matter of respect, so that is the respect of a woman, you will get affection, whatever is dependent on the relationship, you will get everything but sitting.  There have been such bitter people here and there are no such people anywhere and there is no cost in doing all these things, it is okay that you go and make hair spikes like this, make something like this or make Dole Sholay.  No one asks for them, no one asks that much, went on a bike, went on style, manage the basic etiquettes properly, you will attract, then the looks will also be useless, the intelligence will also be less, the money will also be less, it will be better if you have a little good manners. Go, if you want a webinar on this with almost free cost, then please write. Boys, boys, especially, okay, yes, teach us Guruji, no one is teaching us, everyone does this to us because  If we live like this among ourselves too, is it okay then please write in the comment section that you have to organize, I will get it organized, I will do only the free one from the For The Age group of lets, it is ok between 202 27, 22 27 28, if you actually  We want to come, we will not make you feel like this, we are like this, how can I be nice to woman, then I will become a slave, who told you this?  Who told you that if you are nice and Shiva then you become a slave, you are no longer a man, where did you learn this, who taught you this, who taught you in the family, write in the comment section, then you will have to change the thinking level, please share this video, like it comment.  Please write in the section thank you very much