Hello friends, the dark truth of financial influence, this is not a sensation type video, that topic has been posted but has to be posted many times, to tell it, I want to tell the dark truth of financial influence and you tell me whether this is the dark truth or not, it is okay, please check it completely. You can check this very well by applying it on not one, not two, not three, but all. Brother, in the last two or three years, these financial information have told the whole world that rent  Why is it better to stay at home? Why is this SIP good and buy all these stocks and do not buy a house? Knowledge in a pinch, in a pinch, and courses, by selling, by selling, by selling, they bought the house themselves. Now they show half of it, they have done it and  Half of them are not shown, the only difference is whether it is the dark truth or not, brothers and sisters, you tell me this, you tell me this, the financial YouTube and this influence and all these become big and the knowledge is complete because you have been invested in them.  5000 10000 20000 is fine in SIP, hit your limit in two-three years, it has become 2 4 5 6 8 10 lakhs, this is it, if anyone has more than this, then tell me will it be a gain of 10 20 30 or 5 10  It depends on when and what market you have entered and where you will reach by selling financial products and getting you to download these financial apps.  By selling financial products to you, doing affiliate marketing, typing with all the financial people, you have been engaged and have bought houses yourself, real estate and many of you are also taking real estate courses and about real estate, real estate.  They are also talking and then now they have started saying under the garb of transparency that we too, we have figured it out that how will we do it. When I was speaking for 3 years, brothers and sisters who followed my talk.  Curry because I always used to say that look at real estate also, real estate is good, I never said that stock market is bad, I always say this dialogue that brother, we people of Haryana will eat gulab jamun and kheer also.  We will eat and also eat halwa. Why do we say that this is good, that is good, that is. Do you have only one bowl, something can be eaten in the whole bowl, a little bit of something can be eaten. Buffet is eaten but how much loss is there if you are listening to this video and because of your because I have heard from many women that my husband listens to that influencer and he did not buy it, now he cannot buy it because of the property.  The rates have increased so much in Pan India Top 7 10 12 cities where this urban crowd lives, whose property is left out in Bengaluru, Pune, Gurgaon, any of our top cities.  It is okay in Hyderabad and below in Mumbai, where in Mumbai, take 7, 8, 10 cities. It is okay including Kolkata. Okay, so brother, tell me whether the rates have been calculated and whether the rent has been calculated because this brother always says that the rent is at Rs. 3.  What happens is that if the property doubles and the rent is still at 3, then the original price has become 6. And if the property doubles again, the rent will still be at 3 but now it will be at 12. No.  While explaining the matter, it is easily known to them that you brothers and sisters have bought a flat worth Rs 1 crore and its rent is Rs 25000, although in today's cases the rent is also Rs 44 but only three people are paying it. They say this from their own mouth. So brothers and sisters, when they  If a property worth 1 crore becomes worth 2 crores, will the rent remain only 3 lakhs? It has become 6 lakhs but that 6 lakhs is also 3 lakhs worth 2 crores. So we will tell this story again. 4 After a year, I sold you, it is going to be three. Oh man, if I have taken NHPC share for ₹ 1 or I have taken ITC share for ₹ 1, then if ITC share is ₹ 400, then rental dividend is given at ₹ 4.  If he is giving then I have taken it at 100, for me it is at 16, no, wo n't you say, no no no, it is actually at 4. Only for you because of the current price E 427 Hey brother, how will I invest, I had invested ₹ 1. If I tell you one thing, if I bought 1000 shares worth ₹ lakh, brothers and sisters, at an average price of ₹ 1, then I have 1000 shares.  So when I get dividend then will I get those Haj Shers which is 1000 Shers then if I am getting ₹ dividend then that  It will be called 4000 and if ₹ sorry is at ₹ 4 today according to today's 417 then for me it was at 16, I got 000, this thing you understand that if the quantity is 00 at 4, rental aid at 4 means dividend.  Meaning ₹ Dividend I hope I am able to explain, my sh doesn't come very quickly so I hope the audience understands something, so much thinking  An audience is needed because the one who is talking about Shik Shik shows that he is wrong. Again, let me explain in detail, if I have a share of Rs. 00 and its dividend is fixed at Rs. 4, then that means I get ₹ 1 dividend on one share. Yes and No. How many did you buy for Haj worth Rs 1 lakh? If I have Haj shares then I will get Rs 16000. Now if I am getting Rs 16000 as dividend and my capital is invested. If I bought a house in Janakpuri 35 years ago, half of their subscriber base is less than 35.  So that example will never understand. Hey brother, some day you will also become old and keep on doing these things. Then the black one about whom I am telling and the brother of Janakpuri is flat only DDA.  It was worth 2 lakhs, the Maiji one was worth 3 lakhs, it was made by furnishing the house, after that its rate came to Rs. 1.5 lakhs, its capital price once hit 2 crores, now it has fallen down and goes the other way.  It 's okay, after falling again, it's 170, 180. I'm telling you a real type example, I'm not fantasizing, so brother, it's a 70, 18, 80, this is one story too. Will tell him that this works out to just 8 only so mutual funds have given share market is actually given at 14 and something that means hey why won't you count his rent not you but you had taken a loan and the interest was gone.  Also yes yes yes but I didn't even have the money when I took it, someone had it for 3 lakhs, he had 3 lakhs, did he have 2 lakhs or 2.5 lakhs?  The loan was taken at that time, after which the loan was also repaid and after the loan was repaid, income tax rebate was also taken on the loan. Even after that the rent kept increasing. Today the rent is 45 lakhs. Sometimes it would have been 3 lakhs, sometimes 2 lakhs, sometimes 2 lakhs.  Brother, he is also earning 100% rental lead for the last 20 years and beyond that, brothers and sisters, I have put the money that came from the rent in his mutual fund and there  He grew at 14 so now tell me where are the returns. Ask Warku ji who is an excel expert? Post this case study sometime and see, Warku ji has reached SIP till 90 years. Now he is also writing books but Everyone is misleading everyone in the wrong way. Without a house, marriage is not happening. You bought a house in 24 years, 25 years. Hey, how can you buy a house in 24, 25? How can you buy one, why not?  Do n't spend on the wedding, neither the boys nor the girls will buy a house, no, but so much expense, yes, so much middle class, such a crazy butch spends so much, actually he can give them a house, yes I am not joking, I don't say  Give me a house worth two crores, give me a flat worth Rs. 70 lakhs and 80 lakhs, give me half of it, make part payment, they will take the rest of the loan, their rent will be saved What I am trying to say in today's time if you  Do Not Buy a House of Your Own Chutku Sa Match Box What many people like to call Match Box in the Sky If You Don't Have a Match Box in the Sky You're Going to Bleed a Lot of Rent and Not Create Wealth That's the Message This is the Dark Truth  Anytime because come and tell me once, after that videos are not made again. Videos have to be made daily. Best mutual fund for SIP. If you start SIP at 22 years then How much benefit will you get if you do it for 30 years? How much benefit would you get if you did it 8 years ago? Okay, now hey man, he is tired, man, you have realized how many apps are available these days, put any interest rate in it and it is done.  Presuming that I will get returns at 8, 12, 14 or whatever at 14 is a wrong assumption after 7 years when the economy will be Rs 3 trillion to Rs 5 trillion or five to Rs 10.  If you increase your base then it will not be that much. A student who scores 90 cannot increase his marks at the rate of 10 per year. Why is he sitting at 90 marks, but a week student who scores 3035 marks can increase his marks every year by 15 at 30.  From ji I have taken number 38. From 38 to ji I have taken 50. From 50 to 60 I can reach soon. Why is the base lower? As the base is more  It Will Become Very Difficult And It Will Become Very Difficult To Get Any Return From Any Asset Class Single Digit Returns Is What Maximum You Will Be Able To Accept In Coming Times So If You First Build Your Base In Real Estate More This food, clothing and house is a requirement of a human being but they will never tell you, they will tell you that you are buying a house for the bank, the bank is benefiting.  The bank is benefiting, beyond that they will plant your pepper but will not tell that if you commit because many people will be affected by the moment you commit a big amount chunk to the home and suddenly you will not be interested in this car. Because you will not buy a car as often because once you have bought a house, you do not change things so often, then you wear those shorts and vests for a longer time, you wear clothes more, you wear the phone more.  Yes, even when you go out for a walk, you people assume that this is financial influence. Again, they know everything. They are all smart. They assume that all the money that is going to the house and the savings that is there, you judicially. It is not assumed anywhere that you will buy a phone worth Rs 500 instead of a phone worth Rs 20,000, you will buy a car worth Rs 10 lakh instead of a car worth Rs 6 lakh. You will buy a car, instead of spending Rs 3 lakh a year on traveling around, you will spend Rs 7 lakh, you will start a program for your child's education, hobby classes, you will start his tricks, there will be no money left, even if you have no assets, then something will happen.  Not only do you have this thing which is being presented in a wrong way again and again, it is very wrong and these people themselves have earned money by suppressing it, there is one in Raipur, YouTube, tell its name. What is that, my father and mother do not let me do it openly but I will tell you what to do in real estate, what is the name of it, do something like this, just because you speak the truth, a dozen absorb you of giving a lot of bad advice and then  Everybody is changing the tune and now we will change more tunes in the future Mama tune changes Many people's tune will change You haven't seen me changing my tune I am telling this consistently and even today I am a stickler  I am telling you by necking out that there is a bull run till 2029 30, this 1 trillion dollar real estate will become the only real estate in the economy, 330 340 350 billion dollars is going on, now it means three times only real estate, real estate will grow much faster than the  The Economy Itself and It Will Become About 23 24 on Off the Economy in the Next Se to 8  Years because of so many phenomena are taking place, people want to stay in independent units, daughter-in-law, son do not want to live with parents, divorce is happening, couple who used to work in Bangalore after divorce, the one in Bangalore does not go to the job with the parents.  If you don't want to live with your parents, son, if you don't want to live then that divorced girl will also not go and stay there, she will also stay there somewhere, she will also stay somewhere.  The tradition of living in couples is going on, getting married late, now you are delaying the marriage, then you are also earning money, the girl is also earning money, ideally speaking, if they had got married on time, 25 26 27 28 years.  If I had done this then they would have stayed in the same house but now they are saying that we are not getting married or are awakening our conscience or do not want to get married or are having a heart break or are not in the mood right now or right.  Tantalum Male is not getting a partner, both of them are not getting married, so both of them will want independent units to stay, whether they are from one BH, two BH, living in or with a friend, they are changing daily.  There may be some wish but there will be a requirement of the units and the society is going in the way when if we have these surveys and census nowadays then it would be considered rude.  The data is bad, it will never come out because you will never collect it, but these are some good things too which we get for analysts, if you take out the data and see the numbers of an Indian family who lived in the same house.  How many were there? There was a time when you see that seven to eight people in a family lived in one household. Physically, eight people lived under one roof. Was the roof small or big or very big? That number is falling, that last.  Time recorded it was I think somewhere between 5.2 or 4.8 Now I am saying it will fall down to four and then may be three so what will happen is i If the population of the country is 150 crore then 150 Let's do a rough calculation of crores and see how much difference it makes. Take 150 crores, that's 150 crores, if those 75 lakh people live in one house.  If we live in a unit, we need 20 crore houses. We need 75 crores of houses. If we find an average, we need 20 crores. Well, if five people live in one unit, then we need 30 crore houses. If only five crore people live in a unit, then only five people live in one unit. We have five people and if we divide by 150 then we need 30 crore units. We need any kind of floor, flat, builder floor or any house, cottage, whatever you call it, it is fine and if it is five to four.  If it goes from F to four then we need 37.5 or something like that and if it goes towards three then we need 50 crore units. Now you will see the complexity of this that what is happening inside the village, migration is happening outside but  What is happening inside the cities? If you see inside the cities, then this average will be less than that of today. Already the average of India is high in the villages or the poor are very poor people, then when the very poor are  If you are me, then you are a family of eight or ten people living together. As soon as you get some money, the first thing a man would want is a little pre-order. We used to be nine people living in one roof, now there are four and five of us.  A lot of requirements will come from the bottom up to deny that population is not growing to that extent in the coming times, although it is still growing at 2 crores. 2 crores means we are still dying 2 crores.  If I divide 80 lakh people every year by four, then it will be 70 lakh. This is only organic growth. A different game of migration is going on. A different game of buying the remaining independent units is going on and the requirement is more in big cities, only then you will see.  That the top 10 cities of India are doing very well in real estate for the last two-three years and I see them doing well in the next five years, so continue to understand this. Product And Understand Real Estate I Bring Real Estate Awareness Like Nobody Else Does In The I Call Myself The Number One Clarity Giver On This Topic In The Comment Section You Have More Than A Whatsapp2 Maybe Well Beyond That I Do Polls And You Guys  By participating in those polls, they also see the results that this is happening and it is a very high number, right, so nowadays on the TV screen, this will become PM, that will become 00 people's vote.  It happens that the Chief Minister is arrested, will it have a negative or positive impact, on top of this, there is the result of the survey, how many people participated in the survey, 1300 people, they make such a big channel, brother, I alone am sitting with so many.  You will get direct benefit and I will also get benefit because real people have real opinion, only then I come and tell you the trends and all these things, so please you can join both the things and also the other one.