Hello friends, today I will tell you one important factor in investment which is not being done by any financial influencer on YouTube because everyone has made a model. Brother, for a job worth ₹ 15000, you ship it for ₹ 2000 and every year if you invest 10% of your money.  If you keep reading, it is very easy, then in so many years, you will see its bonds in so many places, no knowledge can tell you about the kind of things, which are the ones which you can learn by asking this video.  Let's make 100 versions. I am trying to tell you one thing. Listen carefully. I am trying to tell you one thing to all the youth. Try to get out of this nonsense. If you did not reach the 15000 story, it became ₹170000. Then that is your current income. Then in 45 years you can leave your job and save something of yours, you can always spend only this Chukku Matko of Rs 52000.  You will be a slave in your early 20s and early 30s, you should be on more, you should be on more, you should earn more and save it and just protect, you should make it and you will have great portfolio, you should include little bit and properties in which you are generating. 678% off rental returns on small properties and giving n capital appreciation also 678% combined 14% more  Some other ideal wood should be some thing but aims should be then increase its corpus and the most important thing to increase the corpus is that you put more in the rate of putting in it, he will put in 15000, he will put in 2000, brother, if you get 50% return then  Bhi Kahani Nahi Jaa Jo Jo Mil Raha Raha 10% Return On Tu Crore Bill Give You ₹50 Thousand Only This Haj You Must Be Understood And  Nobody is giving you 50% Nobody and getting everybody is getting debt A game of 14% is going on Just not above that And going forward this return bill Also Wickham Lee People are not understanding that as soon as the base of the economy increases then the potential you Make Double Digital Return Bill Reduce After Three to Four Years in Indian Economy You Bill Get Just Hi Single Digital Return These calculations show that  You will definitely get 15%. You will definitely get this 15%. Like if I have scored 150 runs in 15 overs, then 500 runs will be scored in 50 overs. It will not be scored. Brother, your victory will fall. You may have ₹200, ₹300 more notes left.  Look at the country, it is what it is, you are happy to go, so Papa said, 50 came only for 50, only Papa did it like this, 40 used to come, Papa did this.  It is 50 but there are 90 A's, 92 A's are there, if the base is too low, then 92 is not going to be 93, you will have to study to get your life. Do you understand that this example is given like this, but the fact of life is this only investment. 22 March  You will get ₹15000 ₹25000 ₹30000 ₹50000 if you are happy with the work and here.  Be happy that you have given so much in this mutual fund of SIPSP game, I will put some money in Bitcoin, I will put some in Ethereum, that uncle told, he told then block thinking technology is doing very well, then I will put it there, then I will put this NFT.  I have forgotten that I used to talk a lot just now, people are asking about what happened 2 years ago, and because it is taught further, because nowadays what is there in promotion, is it any of our own these days, is it my channel too which is like a dialogue.  go closer  Subscribers are increasing, big people start approaching me sir, promote this, do this, do that, then I don't know what you will do, sir, you have to say sir, it's like this, friend, it will be sent in 2 minutes.  All the financial people come and say anything, this one who [ __ ] up, I don't know why you get paid for it, brother, you get paid for saying once that you take this, but man, you have wasted that crazy experience.  It's off time. Do you have to read books? Should you read the books? If you haven't heard the books, you won't understand. You have to look at the books. You have to read them in your mouth. You have to make notes and you have to read very few books. It's not necessary to read a lot, but this.  They will come and say anything and then they will say, what about us, we are a medium, we told you to promote it and I also did it, oh brother, nothing is achieved by your doing, I do n't know from where you are getting all this income.  can play games  To whom you are telling, if you watch such videos where your aspiration is easy, you will do it yourself, you will break it, then you will understand, never even plan the consumption, now you will see the change on YouTube because I am also a YouTube creator, it was explained to me how to do this thing from above. Make a band, now you will see bands creating Datsun, many times people ask me, friend, you praise yourself, you are a promoter, I know my own brother, what I am, I don't belong to anyone else.  Know, that's why I do n't promote it to anyone else, that's why you won't see that brother, you take this one, take this one, I promote someone, people are also promoting me, brother, you do it, I don't, I promote myself.  I do it for myself, I don't know what my quality is, I have faith in myself, I know that I will give you value, if I claim 10x for sure, I will give you 5x, I do n't know about others, so right now the creator is getting the message from above that brother, you are the one.  Say something like showroom, only then you will see financial influencers, they too have nothing. Now check on YouTube, everyone's title is being fished because it is being tightened from above too. Responsibility is very strong.  You can't come and say that I have so many subscribers, I have told you so much in my eyes, it is your moral duty and the law is also being strict on it, which is a very very good think.  Tell me your template, help in decision making, understand the thing, take a name and do the rest, brother, the world has to do its hard work, right, I am investing in stocks, I am doing it, hey, I am doing it, so you also do it, otherwise  Don't do a few things, I will tell you openly and clearly. If you have not joined my Subscriber Info Winner Group, then you will get the link in the comment area. This is a request to all of you who want to understand things openly and in detail. Want to do Prosperity, I have to say every time that whatever is my video, the thing I tell is not fake, it is a realistic thing, this IT Bill Note is upper very sexy IT Bill Note gives you very immediate great hope and IT Bill Note changes your life.  In one air completely but it bill definitely whatever it bill be it bill be real it bill take you you many people are saying that sir there is a lot of transportation  I have benefited a lot, got a lot of clarity, despair note, telling exactly what you do, not telling exactly, loose in big template type, it is okay, that is, by doing that, people should learn their own, understand their own and test themselves, do a back test, whatever this tells, do a forward test.  And as I said, as time goes by, 10 months, 12 months, whatever was mine, you can cross me, subscribe to three channels, it is not necessary that you have YouTube.  Just protest yourself from the noise of news newspapers and useless agenda and propaganda and let you easily see that this is what is happening, these patterns are getting played out, so in the future also, I will reveal the patterns. Middle class is visible, investment is visible, housing is visible, money is visible, relationship is visible, trends are visible.  I am giving them more videos and will keep uploading them. I request you all to please write in the comment area that if you want videos with such trends then write t. Trade on tt or write the complete trade, then if t will show it to me then I will tell you the exact details and  Then you look and find out the trade, the benefit you get is that yes, this is a trade, this is the setting, I can take profit from it like this, mother, if I want to suffer loss in this trade, then I will suffer loss. go back  Or if I can take advantage of the student, then I can take advantage of the strength. There are only two things, that is to catch the trends, this is very very important because when that trade data is distributed, accumulated and then published in the newspaper, then the story has been played out. Brother, you have to catch it first, until someone has understood it, has not analyzed it, has not yet come in the public domain, people do not know, after that, when it is done, it is done, after that, then there is the song.  There is no juice in the song, the juice is when it has not been put, like it has been put in the machine once, twice, thrice, after that, there is nothing about it. Friends, people make reports after putting it, this was the data.  The analysis is to do this again and again, it has come so far and brother, now it is done, it has been programmed, first hold it and it does not always fall to zero, I have set a money, video number three of the series is my Singolaise Uttaras.  of if he has not seen  Must see, I will try to include the story linking in this too. If you find it then check it out. Otherwise go to Sangolak Sutra and subscribe to the channel and you will get the pay money man set playlist. This thing is done very beautifully in the video number three. I told you that it is an iconic video, there are 151300 videos on the channel, probably the best video out of 1300 videos, I have to say it every time and its views are not that much because people don't understand the initials, you will see them for the second time.  You will definitely understand after watching it once or twice and if you have not subscribed here yet then do subscribe and share it. Thank you very much. Joining the match and that info group is not naive. Subscribe to the group, thank you.