Hello friends, the topic for Yukta on Clarity is, I will tell you 425 things for which you will see today's youth very negative and bad. If you are their parents or someone around you like your younger brother or any sibling or you can share this video with them. And you can monitor, maybe you who are listening to me, you may also be in this category, maybe you do it tomorrow, so sorry if this kind of me doesn't hurt you, M, this is not, M, this is to tell what is Today's youth is very good about four-five things and a lot is going on in social media, I am not talking about this sir and among all the things which I am going to tell, but most likely one or two. You will excel in things and I will also tell you why you should not be included in these. First of all, Butter is right about girls, girls are not good, people do blue stock on the character of girls, general opposite sex, now they have lovers.  Their heart was broken, they did not get the feeling, they could be of any category but this is going on big, then the one who will make her brother's area 498 by marriage, all the girls are sitting ready like this, may be your excuses too, whose youth's excuses  Do you ask them? You are a family ready to find a boy and ruin his life because it will be fun, this is the goal of our life. We were born a girl and I am doing this to show that it is a logical thing.  do it with this  First of all, there is no saree, there are issues inside you, these are the issues, most of all it is the team of psychology in teenage and early onwards, by doing too much porn masturbation, porn masturbation and all these things, I have messed myself up a lot, psychology and everything after that is real.  The ability to attract people in the world is not that much, then when this program is not happening then you should go to a doctor, a good doctor who can short out you and put you on some right lessons. Now you are going.  Janta Chetan Jagane is okay, this is the biggest thing. The second thing is that the one who is lucky in the job, the one who did not get the job is crying that why did he not get the job and is going to do preparation because he has been riding a bike for 30 years.  The public is getting the preparation and the jobs are not getting the government jobs and the material that you put in your mind for the preparation of government jobs, even ₹ 2 cannot be monetized except by learning this coaching in which you have taken coaching and that knowledge.  of  If even ₹ 2 has a monetizing value, please tell me, what story you are attempting for 22 to 30 years, you are not passing because 198% will not pass, the number of jobs is the same, then what is this in 30 years?  The more they are going to wake up later because now they are neither getting married nor getting a job nor anything else, their sir program has been ruined so this is a very messed up trade which again is being seen a lot, okay third  The thing is that the one who has lost his job has a lot of butter in his job, what is his job, the blood is being sucked in the job, the salary is very low, as if people come to me and ask in which company of mine, in which company do they reduce me, now I have taken the name of the company.  One is ok till good company but my [ __ ] is very less and my [ __ ] is getting sucked my tanka tankha bahut kam dete hai standard tankha ke dete very little Only one thing happened, Guruji, what does it mean, are you enjoying, they give me less salary, you pay me less, Baba gives you less salary, no one has worked in this company 34 5 lakh 620, but all the scenes are there, all of us are of the same age.  Me too, our tax is not much, our tax is not much in five years, our D day after tomorrow, the value of your organization is less, in case you have to increase your bill.  Value pay in capacity if you are attentive, he is a very good actor, I was watching an interview of Manoj Bajpayee ji, I want to learn and tell you, he played the role of Biku Mhatre in Satya movie, ok only after that he started getting the role of villain.  But 8 Months on Set and Didn't Expect Other Rules Because You Didn't Want to Get in Date Easy and Lot of Money Was Coming in  If he had thought about the short term then perhaps his filmography, which is so big and so good that even today he is a top star, if you look at the OTP platform, then it is not possible and it is very difficult, so it is a big problem for everyone. When you are getting such a thing which anyone can replace, you are just getting bored right now, so you will enter it, then it will be done there too, it is not that anyone will give money for free, there will be no brain juice left there, yours, Rijiju.  energy some value  You will be left with 30 to 40 to 50 thousand in the bus of advertising. This is happening in many places, in such places where you have little knowledge, something is happening that by adding value to it, you can move up in life.  But people do this in desperation, girls are doing saree like this, I can tell the story blindly, if they get the story, girls are not even thinking about their life, what is this value of mine, how much tension will there be in future. Mostly they will have lost 30-40 g, then now they are marrying me as a boy so that they can get a job and then there will be less money in marriage. This thinking will give some pain, but in reality, this is another subject of pain for the war.  That our parents do not understand us, your parents do not understand you is a normal thing, can we say this, you do not know how to understand your parents, yes it is easy to say that they do not know how to understand, then mother, they are also students. Your parents accept it once, it is okay then you can become a good teacher, you can tell them your actual feeling that in doing this like many parents say that you have got a government job, many times the youth comes to know.  Like me, through videos or in general life, some Shikha explains that friend, nothing is happening in this, my marks are not A, I am not able to get even in the cut off or I do not have reservation or I am creamy in joining.  Whether you are in a layer or will I support you, whatever it may be, there is no let me do thing and if the parents do n't understand or you will do it, then sit down with clarity many times and explain it well, here the parents are very much, according to me, parents also have a lot of role. So that you can tell your child like this every week, yes, there is something which is difficult for us to understand and we are not able to understand, is there such a thing, why are you asking, Papa, hey man, they say nowadays, isn't it, in social  the place is running  The fake generation says that the previous generation does n't understand. We are ready to understand. Parents will have to say this to understand. Okay, this is me and my video. It seems a bit boring but it is practical. Ask and then no in anything.  You have to ask your parents as well if you understand, why brother are you not understanding logically? I want to tell you the problem. Your parents understand everything. They say no, we are all you, which means you must have heard it like this, I am yours, I am yours.  Okay, then your Bapu will listen to the dialogue like this, everything is to be understood, it is okay, but he is the one, he also becomes a scoundrel at times to the parents, yes, I am not understanding, no, I am not able to understand, but I also don't want to date them.  Many times even our own son becomes like this, do something like this, ask him clearly from within, calmly and comfortably while sitting over a cup of tea, or do other programs program your father? These are your people who program the one whose father spends his Farada comfortably. Father will talk, today I have brought something special for you. Yes, after talking, he will tell the truth, then he will tell you exactly what is the actual problem, it is okay because he comes according to the marriage, brother, don't get spoiled by the marriage, there are a lot of vehicle accidents.  Things are bad in life, it does not mean that people should stop driving, be careful, wear seat belts, drive well, do not drive under the influence of alcohol, follow the rules, then the same thing happens in marriage, IF YOU FOLLOW CERTAIN  Things, why have you become so much, how are you Saree, Shakti, what all the boys used to do, first tell me, you must have heard in the 90s, a very big movie was made, an iconic movie of Sunil Date was also made, it was a big hit, on dowry and it was burnt.  It is okay about the type, at that time the girls did not say that we will get married, no, what happened to the boys that why would they have to suffer so much, how many would have to suffer even a little, can any boy be burnt, is that much? So it has not happened till now, so there is no need to be so nervous, what the hell, what are you talking about, it used to be like this in every street, in such and such place, there was no time for him, that stop got fat, do n't get trapped in the negative story. Be practical, my brother is a woman.  I am a very good person, I am waiting for good partners in my life, if your level is low, then it is okay, then you will not find anyone, he will be very knowledgeable, marry him, the one whose level is low, he will be yours.  Take me up on the level, friend, she is waiting for the person above her. If you lie in the mattress, you will remain lying. If you are here, then she will do this to you because if both the spouses think that I will marry the person above me.  If you want to get married, then you don't have to get married, power, because even if you are equal, it won't happen because if you are not on top, then this one will remain, I want this one, and even if you are below, then this one will not happen.  You won't do it because you too  If you have to do it so that it takes you up, then all these are sitting in the red corpse, brother Kant, you are my relative, in this also there is a reason to say, it never happens like this in life, in some things, you are here, in some things, she will be found here.  So life goes like this, in some things you are here, in some things he is here and you give me the color of sherbets, what can I say, my friend, if things get resolved then you find your sweet ghat water and the color of sherbets and  Where is the meeting, you meet me, don't cry, what is the program, do you have to go to the doctor, Sharma is not telling me in the survey, he will tell me in the consultation, I said, tell father, how to tell, what to tell, what were you doing in the last 7- Which Chetan was awake for the last 8 years? Okay, how will we tell him? Okay, I am ashamed of my mother, I do n't know what to do after going to the doctor, I will get tagged in the beginning, the program is bad, my self-esteem is going low and so on. from inside he  I am irritated that because of you, I mean, the opposite sex is facing these psychological issues. Many boys do n't even consider themselves undetected. What happens is that a person becomes very crazy and the world will come to know about it, but that.  So 0 0 1% is there, everyone else has a degree, this one is perfect and this one is definitely worth telling the story, then there is a program in between, so this is counseling mentorship guidance for those who are struggling here.  And it is definitely hanging, it is not possible to say how much you guys are identifying. To cure this pain, I do everything from videos to courses to other things. You guys are platinum membership.  If you want to take it, which is my second big channel, you can go to it and please remove this bitterness and bitterness, there are many girls too, I have addressed boys more, there are many girls too, that too is my mother.  I have never been happy. Nothing has been kept in my marriage. I have lost a great job of 40 years. The rent is at 12 per cent, the food cost is Rs 12,000. If I buy clothes there, I have a shortfall of Rs 5,000. I am short of petrol or anything else, that's it, Papa.  I take it from my mother that I ca n't pass in 40, it's fine but I definitely don't have anyone's interest. This story is playing out for many girls too. Look around you, how many are like me. I am like this.  I am taking observation from him, which is not visible to you people, is visible to you people, maybe you are also going through it, 40000 50000 Ishti is not going to increase the salary on top of that, something else will have to be done, multiple things will have to be done in Navami because As soon as you think that my salary will go, 10 boys and girls stand up, Sir, I will do this for 35 less, will I also reduce Saturdays for what less, if you get specialist and Unique is not reducing who has a lot of time in training