Hello friends, a trending topic is going on, many people have said a lot but now I, the number one clarity giver, will give very good clarity on this. The statement of 70 voices of Narayan Murthy ji came and there was a lot of discussion on it that 70 hours of work.  If it should be done, then there are many corporate hoochs and business tycoons who are Saajan Jindal ji, this Ola wala is also there, Agarwal ji, all yes, it is very good, it is very good, it should be done, 20 47, take the country like this.  We have to do it like this, we have to do it like that, I will discuss it under seven points, I will watch it till the end, even if the video gets long, it is very important because it will bring a lot of clarity, otherwise the youth will remain confused as to whether one should do so much work.  Work life balance is saying that should not be done, should be done, before that let me tell you an interesting observation. It happens only in India. There are two types of people in India, those who have work, those who are working and those who do not.  I do n't have any work. Okay brothers and sisters, the one who has work is also crying and the one who doesn't have it is also crying. If not, then tell me, whoever is doing both of them is lying dead, I do n't know how much work.  It's done, we don't get money, we suck blood, it's done, and second brother, we don't have any work, get us work somewhere, this is the biggest thing, second, in the beginning, I want one thing, my first point will be that this 70 hours They were asked to work  So in 70 hours, if you ask too much, I will tell you in some calculations. These are very good points. They cannot be answered in a one and a half minute video because too many articles have been written. Open letter to Narayan Murthy. Chetan Bhagat ji said something like this.  If no one is going to give the clarity at the superficial level at which I can give it at the soul level, then it will take time. First of all, if someone asks us to do a lot of work, like Narayan Murthy ji.  Did you do a lot of work yourself or does anyone else do a lot of work? Too much is okay. Identification with one's work is something that can happen at any time in life, that happiness index, happiness, all the things will happen, staying connected is the biggest first point, so this is too much work.  Let's come to the second thing that Narayan Murthy ji is talking about 70 hours work and many other people are supporting him a lot and it comes from the top, so he is not a grassroots leader, he is an old man of some time. 77 years have passed, they have no idea what is happening now. This is also the problem of successful people achievers that how will the ground reality shift when they became successful because they were successful in 90's and not in 80's.  They came and hit their peak in 90's, so it has been 30 years now that they have no idea what India will be in 2023, it is clearly visible because  I want to ask that what are the 7s talking about? They are not talking about IT, they are just talking about themselves because I will tell that thing in the next point. Somewhere in India, a bridge is being built in Ley, is there a shortage of men there or do they need more?  Everyone has to work because yes, in 70 hours, we will accept one thing that physically a person can work for 40 hours and the one who beats the clock for seven days or the one who drives an auto rickshaw is already ready.  He is working for 70 hours, then only when his body is sick or it rains or there is no work, he will not work. Otherwise, those people are locking him for 70 hours and if brothers and sisters, you should consider cuteing as work because it is for work only.  You are wearing clothes for work and every time you are at home, you get a message on your mobile phone, someone is working on your team or group, someone is asking for input, someone is asking for data.  That is also work, isn't it?  There is such a useless work culture in India, this is also a big reason that people are leaving India and after 76 years of independence, these people come and say that work for 70 hours a month, this is the achievement of our country. After a year, let's move ahead, the point is that the IT people, not including or their company, and all the clients in the US and clients outside, all of them charge them on an hourly basis, according to the project. And they give monthly salary to their employees, now their indirect way is that brother, don't stay till 40, 45, 48. First of all, this labor loss must also be something. In India, it is 48 hours. In other countries, later I will tell you about which one.  Do you keep that also on hold or not? You will work for 70 hours. If someone gets a lot of money for working for 70 hours then it will be 70 rupees. 80-90 can also be done. Some man is making something by hand and he is getting money on a quantity basis and if the work is not getting finished, then it is his wish, isn't it? He is putting in 70-80-90 hours, he will earn money.  Which one is he refusing? The problem here is that the money is not to be paid. The biggest problem is that the money is not to be paid and the work has to be done. The biggest problem is this fourth point whenever hired.  Talking about calling, we have to do it for the country, if the country wants to reach here in 207, then we all will have to do this, we all will have to sacrifice, whenever we talk about higher calling and the country, after 75 years of independence, then your idiot.  Youth should release this issue and are comparing it with Japan. After World War Two, which world war have we entered? India's situation.  World War Two in Japan and you are telling us to follow Japan and follow the condition of other countries. Look at their condition right now, they are not getting married, their children are not being born, it is possible that Japan is no country to be followed like this.  It seems that the Japanese are very hard working, there is something wrong with them brother till date no one has opened their mouth and told this. They are not very extremely happy and to be proud of people at the work place.  They are dying, if you see those sex dolls and I do n't know what other things, see Indians ca n't identify us and this happens in speaking like this because we are very docile and have friends from a friendly country, so we do n't talk about such things.  But every time go to the example of Japan, they did it in World War II, look at what they are doing in 2023 and where they have reached this stage.  Will you do this by making the declining population the country in 20 47? So whatever it is now, let's end our life, jobs are being created till 47, let's not discuss this, do you know elections are coming to divert attention?  I will not make it too political, I will tell you about how many people are working in what work culture in other countries, we will discuss that also in the next point but this is higher.  We do not have to go on calling because if the individual is doing well in life then the country will also benefit. At home we would first say, brother, everyone clean their rooms. If everyone cleans their rooms then the house gets cleaned but everything.  If you adopt your own area of ​​duties then it becomes like this, you want to say a higher calling to straighten your owl, you have to work for 70 hours and further it will come out layer wise, now I will give you some calculations, fifth point, something.  I will make the calculation rough and tell you, if there is any mistake in it, then remove it in the comment section. According to me, it is not a mistake. Brother, there are 24 hours in a day and 168 hours in a week. Because the week has been talked about, 70 hours of work should be done.  So there are 168 hours, everyone knows that out of that, brother, you will sleep for 56 hours and it will take you an average of 10 hours to commute to work. In big cities, there is more traffic in Bangalore.  There is a traffic jam, but take 10 hours for both the commuting and commuting time. 10 hours will have to be given to personal hygiene which includes bathing, brushing, washing your clothes, washing shorts and vests. This will come, it is okay for grooming for your personal hygiene and haircut. Sometimes you have to go and do something, you have taken out 10 to 70 hours to work, okay, after that you need at least 10 hours to eat in the day.  Eat three times, this is when you have to eat, if someone is talking about cooking, then brother, then add the time. If you have to prepare it yourself, this is already cooked. To eat, you have to drink tea, you have to drink coffee, you have to work, okay, you will save 12 hours in total. After saving this, if you add all this, you will save 12 hours. Now in these 12 hours, you need me time, you should do your exercise also, you also have friends, relatives, parents, I also have a movie.  There is eating out, there is laser, there is bank work, you have to look at your investments, you have to know about your investments, you have to know where your money is going, brother, what compromises will you make in this, then what compromises are people making in this? Watch carefully what is happening, suddenly people are reliving, youngsters are reliving and these people have already done this and are asking to increase it further, right now they already do not have time. Youngsters say that there is neither time nor money, they have sucked the entire soul, so what to do, we will not get married, this is what people are doing, they are delaying marriage, they are not getting married, they are not having children because they are seeing it, brother.  I do n't have time, I don't have energy, how can I give it, if I get married, my wife will ask for energy, children will be born, he will ask for money, brother, this is not happening as a result, he is not getting married and what will happen in future.  so short  Term, we will take advantage of ourselves. After listening to this kind of story, a person going forward will see that man, I have become 38-39 years old again, I have become 40, I have got married, so why am I working, for whom am I doing it, then that wisdom and intelligence.  Will go to raise consciousness because ultimately if you do not get married, then you need to do so much work like a donkey, then go away as a single man, if he does not have bad habits like alcohol, cigarettes and such vices.  The rest of the bad habits that they say are not expensive, if there are no addictions then it is not that expensive for a single person to live in India even today, then he should not buy any great property, he should not show anything great to him, he will not do anything anywhere, he will keep roaming anywhere.  Then whether that country has gone to the right place or to the wrong place, when the people go to run all their rationality, intellect and consciousness, then who will work for you? Then I have calculated this from 168 years and told you that India is at 126th position in the sixth point happiness index. We are crying country, we feel very good in our hearts and we have a false sense of sacrifice, what have we done, I don't know which of our movies are these, there will be details on these in a separate video, there will be a lot of details in this, this point is very much based on our psychology, but this  It is our whole age as a country that we have to sacrifice, live in pain, it is fun to do our own thing because if anything is going well, it is going well, we are having fun, then the system starts feeling guilty.  The system has been made in such a way that you will not be made rich, even the rich are made measurable, those who are doing jobs are also made everyone 7080 so that the one who does not have a job can be told that those who have a job are also You are not very happy, see this, in this country people are preparing for IAS for 9090 hours a week, they are working 90 hours to get a job, divide the intake by 131 hours, 12 13 hours.  Children are studying who want to conduct competition on IS, it is not that it is not happening on daily basis, if you go to foreign countries then in foreign countries you will get this data of Denmark, Finland, Germany, 26 hours, 27 hours, 28 hours, less than 30 hours, so much work.  The work is getting done because I will tell you what is the biggest thing, the seventh important point is fine, anything, say productivity, productivity is bad, Narayan Murthy ji. Therefore, more work has to be done, what is productivity, there is an input, it has an output, so the output upon input is productivity, how much effort I put in and how much result I got, it is not about the result, they are saying to improve the result.  Increase the input. Hey, if the input is increased too much and the result increases only a little or does not increase, then the productivity goes down. There is no need to worry about it. In a country where so many people are unemployed, engage them also. you engage them Because I had told earlier that the one who has work is crying, the one who doesn't have work is crying, so you took everyone, gave them a job, now you basically pay them 3540 hours and make them work for 70 hours.  You want to charge him for the next party on hourly basis, you yourself want to see the IT people, if a man does moonlighting then it is a sin, if he does any other work then he will say no, then I am not working here for you.  Tankha Brother, you are getting 70 hours, not 70 hours. I say that you should work for 80-90 hours, but you should work for 30, 35, 40 hours for the company, hit the limit and do the rest for yourself. And the way they are doing it, because they are  On top of that, they don't have any grassroots leaders, they feel that we have become so rich, we are doing so much work, then why don't these poor people, these children, work for nothing, hey brother, let him drive himself.  Of  He has to come, he doesn't have a driver like you, he comes after hanging in the metro, just changes, he ca n't be productive there, when you drive and come back, there are phone calls and emails and productivity is on behind you and you give him time.  Let's count in the working hours, you don't have to go and bring vegetables or attend parent-teacher meeting or anything because you have heard that story, you must have seen another story of Narayan Murthy ji, his wife's Sudha.  Murthy's 'I was there' thing is that brother, by selling your simplicity, you are getting that PR done, your UK PM is your son-in-law, I went there to me, he said like this, the address is 10 Downing Street, what a story that is.  There is a need to love your simplicity so much, if you are so simple, you go to Kapil Sharma's show, you go there and speak your own words, this class is cattle class. When I went to the first class, he looked at me.  So I was surprised, I was wearing a normal saree. Hey, Mysore silk sarees cost Rs 1.5 lakh. Normal clothes can be bought for Rs 10,20,30 thousand. Branded ones are also available, you will take all these also, these sarees are cheaper. When did people accept them? I don't understand, go and buy it in Bangalore and see that sarees cost Rs. 1.25 lakhs and are worn by ladies.  If she is good and looks good, then it has been made into a narrative that a successful man is a seemingly docile, hardworking person and you take something out of his mouth so that the focus goes there, we all have to do it for Bharti, we all have to go like this. They may not be able to tell people by being so articulate now that at seven points everyone knows deep down that nonsense is being done, everyone knows that nonsense is being done because if there is a  Work and you are getting paid for it People will work as many as they can physically to one We have n't heard stories about one time pay Nowadays these boring roles don't get paid much, only these drivers get paid on hourly basis first. So they used to turn day and night, they needed to tell someone, infact there was on the other side, they were not sleeping, that was that it becomes risky that they are driving without sleeping because once  Incentives come when ever the incentives come You don't have to tell anybody how many hours to work You give money, you pay in two ways Two people will work as many days as you want But you have to suck people's souls on Saturday Sunday Without paying money and then when the new generation is smart, the people are smart, they are protesting, so to put them in guilt, which ones are there even before generation X?  Boomers and these are even before that, they are 77 years old, Narayan Murthy ji will come with his story, then all their corporate humps will jump, we also work, our father also works, it is Sajan Jindal ji's right now, your father.  He was also an industrialist, so now he is caught asking this many times, look at the politician's politician, how many hours does he work, the biggest politician of our country? Hey, a woman wakes up at 5:00 in the morning.  She also sleeps at 11:00 pm, she is also working 17-18 hours a day, make her do it, a separate excellent video will come on this and I will reveal a lot on this, I will show everything that a woman who gives birth to a child has to do. Start with caesarean operation, tore the stomach, look at the blood for mother Bharti, this child is born, she is doing it for mother Bharti, she is feeding milk at night, she is not sleeping for two hours, why won't she do this for the country, for Maha Bharti?  Khan will run the country, tell me, I will make a video, it will be very interesting to watch and the eyes of these people will be opened and then the work they are doing will seem like any donkey can do it, hey, you give me power, I can work for 18 hours.  I will make me the biggest leader of India because friend, when I work, the work will be done in 70 hours. If there is anything in that guy's life then there is nothing left, I have got you a job, no matter how top you are, you belong to the corporate, the government.  Whether you are a minister, a sentry or anyone bigger than that, you take the presentation, you make the food, you speak like a laat sahib and next not good fad, finish the hide, make this, remove that, remove that, isn't it?  Whether it happens like that or not, do it like that, brother, you are enjoying it, so what is the stress in it? Go from one place to another, travel around, go in first class, go in a good ship, stay in a good hotel, hey, he is a common man.  A poor man spends money and dreams of doing tourism, this is happening in your job and business, then you are saying that this is the work, everyone would like to do such work in India, at least give me a chance, I will work for 18 hours.  Condition environment, good food, fragrance, beautiful people, good clothes, everything is good, create such an environment, you will do anything, you are making fun of those children that why don't you work for 70 hours, if they do then how will they live, who will bring their vegetables home?  Who will cook food for him, his father will take his mother to the hospital, and I did not even tell him that in the 12 hours that were left, he will have to go to the hospital, there will be some illness, now if you will not get it, then someone from your family will also have other things, you will be here for 70 days.  Increase the hours, make it 160 hours and take the name of the country. In everything we are doing for the country. Hey, to put China behind, Indians have not taken birth to put Chinese behind.  Was not born to beat China, this misbehavior is like typical Indian middle class parents in parenting, see next to them, see how well Rohit sings, see Neha's English, see how good your English is, see how far behind your numbers are, now Indians have to  Look at how many China there are, there are 1.5 crore incidents in China, we cry tears of their blood, go there and see what China is, it has gone ahead, it has gone ahead, no child in China has any problem.  There are no aunts, no maternal uncles, no aunts, no aunts, no paternal uncles, because there is a child policy like this, there are no relations, you do this program in your country and then keep doing the work, then ask what is their condition. You want to become China We will leave China behind and become such world gurus that we will follow others and take the name of others. On one side, world guru world guru tells the world to do like this, world guru, what is the world doing to him?  It doesn't copy, it doesn't beat the world, it is our way, if it can be made into a very deep video, but I also know the limitations of time, I know it was an iron job, everyone did their own work and the British had a great system.  He has designed the system in such a way that you could neither call it a communist system nor you could call it socialism nor you could call it capitalism. It was a great system. He must have studied economics extensively.  I was not getting into the category, this is the system in place, you will go and work for Narayana Murthy's company, they will suck you like this for 70 hours and then they will tell you that you are not worthy of anything, your performance is not good enough as per 40 hours.  And then they will say that you are doing national building of the country, your mental balance will not be right, you will not be happy, then where will the nation come from? Nation is nothing but its people nation.  If it is not boundaries then keep changing boundaries. Even today boundaries are changing. If you go and check then in how many 10000 years India's boundaries have changed 200 thousand times which is called India, I don't know which countries were here. What changes have taken place and are still changing, states keep coming and going, state ministers keep changing, districts keep changing, everything is the same.  Change keeps happening in the dynamic world, but the people here, we are who we are, we are the country, we are the country, if we are not happy and are not becoming happy, then this progress is not for whom, it is not for your children, who will give birth to children.  He is saying for the sake of 20 47, you are saying sacrifice, make sacrifice for whom, there will be no one because you will not leave time to have a child, on stress free time to have a child, a man who is a husband.  He will have to have sexual intercourse with that wife and it cannot be done in one go, it will have to be done several times. How will a person who works 70 hours a day be healthy and not under stress? Think for yourself that you have to be so blunt and tell this in spite of being a family channel.  I wonder where are you leaving time for having children? You are not leaving time for anything because the people above have enough of these programs; these programs are not running, they enjoy this only.  out of 12 hours for him  You also have to take out some time, which I did not tell you about and I am telling you now that you have not spared any time, neither will you do exercise nor will you have any agenda or program of your own, all your programs will be theirs and where is the money to be spent after earning it, they will say and mutual fund.  Is it right? Mutual fund is right, no remaining 70 hours Narayan Murthy Here mutual fund is right, just finished then what will you do next, what do you have to do mentally, don't want to become their slave for 70 hours so can I  I am saying come towards 30 hours, it should be a matter of four days a week and it should be of 30 hours and if he calls you to suck blood then stay mentally switched off, do your household work in the office, no one is going to teach me, I did this once before.  I also make videos and I do the same training. Earlier, I used to help corporate trainers in batting on their behalf and sucking their blood. Now I do all these things for the employees who want consultation.  To do something of your own, I have a simple pre-marital consultant course. There is a two and a half hour workshop of ₹ 777. You can start a consultation of ₹ 5000 after watching the recording. Work for yourself like this, 30 hours, 30 hours will work for yourself. And you will do 30-40 here, then gradually when you start getting more money in your work, you will leave the work. Every buddy should join, do a job with everybody.  Don't give your body, don't give your mind, and don't give money. Don't give your body, don't give your mind. What are these people doing? These people are not satisfied with their body and mind. Money means money, they will kill your ₹ 1. If they had to give you ₹ 1, then they will give you 80. They have taken away your body and money too.  The mind is also taken, even that satisfactorily comes in Potter, those who suck the hope and take the soul, they are the worst people, okay, this is the same, they will listen to you because they will buy all the time of life and  What story will you tell in vain, you have to work for the country, the country is 20 47 straight, 2023 is going on, you have finished 24 years, give us the country, who will be in the country, brother, who will be in the country, they also work like me, but more for themselves. I am not working for some company. If you like me because if I were a video channel for a company then they would have removed me from this channel and if I had left this channel then all my subscribers would have been left here then I  Someone else [Music] youtube3 They created the platform, then people kept adding, kept adding, kept adding and today their net worth is 420 crore dollars, which you multiply, it is 35000 crores. Hey brother, what is your daughter, who is Mrs. Prime Minister, First Lady of England, is she?  Is she the Richest Lady of England? Has she earned? Are she the lion of Phocis? Have you gone to the top? You have set a work program for your children. Tell the rest of the children.  Work 70 hours, your children should work 70 hours a week. Now you tell me this simple and simple definition of work, see what I told you. If the work is in such a beautiful and sexy environment like I described earlier, who cares, everyone will do any labor.  So he cannot work for 70 hours, his body will break down, he has to sleep within seven hours and he cannot work, but if we look at it in terms of seven days, then he is also working for 56 hours, whatever he does in India.  There is work, if we work more than this then we will become like this. There is only one gender which is female gender in India. No one talks about it, brother, why is its work force participation decreasing so much? More women in 1992-93. India used to work as a percentage of the population, but today it doesn't show something that it is our policy makers, politicians, these corporate leaders and the big people who are running the world in India. They don't pay attention to what environment they have created that women ca n't work even today, there is respect and because if you say 70 hours then women will never come in the workforce, here comes the man, this robot will want you as a woman.  She ca n't come, where will she be able to see the children in 70 hours? Today, I am not able to manage 40 hours with a woman, who says that she has to get married, has to have children and not only one but two, she has to do it with him.  40 hours can't be managed, it's like this, you want to take her to 70 hours, then basically what do you want to do, yes 70 70 all 70 Mahabharti Mahabharti, that Mahabharti, she is the woman, she is the woman, she is the woman, she is the one who will give birth to children in this country.  Will take it forward, you are thanking the next generation while you are here, mentally you will take them somewhere like a heel and you yourself are eating peda by becoming a heel. Shake your head, do it in such a simple way and come up with a statement and say something, you should do that and everyone will listen because first of all, whatever happened to IT, India becomes the same, this is from IIT and then beyond that.  You became successful, then beyond that you became an IT person, then brother, your son-in-law also became the Prime Minister, then you will have to show respect and listen to him, then you will have to do that with him. Sajan Dil Phir Woh Ola Wala Phir Yes Yes Yes Should be done then this generation is still not stupid, it is the Millennials who are stupid because those who are mid level managers are sucking the blood. It is the mid level managers who are sucking the blood of the young generation.  And they are giving him the feedback that Sir, he doesn't accept this, Jan ji is smart, so he is being told that he will open his mouth big and he will not be blamed, son, he should work hard. Son, hard work is not good, no, you have to give, you have to do, you have to do, it is not good at all, what ever is used, release hard work, from whom are you taking. Hard work for yourself is very good, but for others, smart work is necessary. The more hard work you get, the better. Work less, now no one will say this with a straight face, work less, no no, we have to justify, you are teaching us wrong, I am talking about crushing the believe system, work for yourself and get a job one day. Leave this Why should one Infosys and a company create this platform Get all This is a sweat shop, just like clothes are stitched inside Bangladesh, for America they call sweat shops, sometimes there is fire there, sometimes there is nothing, it is not a labor lodge, it is yes No, they don't get it in terms of dollars, but they do n't get it in terms of rupees, they get salary and those clothes are expensive there, here they created this platform, these people have collected a lot of children by doing everything. Then they took the work from this man or from these companies, they did the coding, this was the button, it was okay, now they have got so much, they told him to do the project, they said to one of the guys, Son, you are the project head, he is with you, suck the blood below.  And do this work, now take money from them, give them salary on hourly basis, just like the British used to do, earlier when the British used to rule the Indians, here we have Rai Bahadur, this Bahadur, that.  For bravery or someone higher up in the police used to give him a little award, he used to hit the lower stick with more force, it is okay and only the Indians used to beat, the British used to beat the British a little directly, Indians used to beat the Indians only, they used to give them only respect, then one and a half.  Gave respect to him, told him stories for 70 hours, he is sucking the story of Mahabharti from the country, hey, I am saying this, go away from here, do your individual work and these people here Contact the people below and start giving them work. There must be someone who will be operating at a level below me. He has to create his own website, he has to set his own algorithm, he has to create some features and he has to make his own.  You have to make an app, you have to do something, join them and then 1015, which is this team, if the super supervisor of this team revolts and these 10 people say, we will separate and we will start our own small company.  Let's create and do direct deals, the big company has gone to the fence, this is the simple message, other wise, they are earning all that money and the shareholders sitting in it, who are the founders, are the biggest ones, that is why they have 35000 crores of $420 to 82.  Multiply it by 83 and this is different from the rest, everyone has given it to the children separately, everyone is fine, now there is no one to do personal attack but me to show the reality.  It also has to be told that brother, our program is set, you are doing 70 hours of someone else's work, you leave, these corporations and institutional institutions should not require more than 20, 25 to 30 hours of work, such people work for 60 to 70 hours on setup. He is working but he is doing it for himself in the institutional clinic and if it is his wish then he is doing it and if he wants to do it then he is doing it, if not then he is also not doing it.  The country should create an eco system where the person who wants to work for two days and wants to do only 20 hours instead of 1010 hours and then wants to do something big for himself, he also has the same work as the person who works for three days.  There is work for the one who works for four days. There is work for the one who works for seven days. There is work for the woman who wants to work only in the morning and evening. There is work for the one who wants to work only in the afternoon.  There is work too and it is all flexible  The key is that today you look at these maids carefully, I say no every time, I do not want to show the middle class down, but you look at the maids, they go where they want to work, if they do not like the work, then this is how  They leave like this, leave like this, it seems that they have no character, no fapper, no exam, no test, nothing, if they find their mistress to be ill-mannered then they say, I would have respected us too, I don't come, there are four more mistresses standing there.  They are making them work for 70 hours because this is the bad condition of the middle class. The condition of the middle class is so bad. They are making the rich richer and then paying the poor. This is the job of the middle class, that is why you are born and this is Narayan Murthy.  Yes, all I want from you is that you should keep paying the poor for their services so that you can serve the rich. I am stopping by talking very deeply. How many people have heard this great talk, then write down Guruji. Listened because it is told at the end on the show stop itself, let me repeat it again, all of you who are my audience, middle class, rich people are making them rich to make them rich and are paying the poor.  The poor are going like this and this is happening, you are not going anywhere, nothing is going on for you, he is also doing catchup somehow and these people are going up and on top of that, they are leaving this slip.  give  Work 70 hours and you work so that we will leverage our time because we have bought your time. The best way is this. You have 24 hours in your life. You can work maximum 182 hours, you cannot do more than that but if  If you hire 20 people and make them work 12 hours a day, then 240 hours of work is being done in a day. This is leverage for you. These people become rich and you can do this in 40 hours.  Not satisfied, this is the Illuminati, this is the Illuminati and this is how the Illuminati works through someone who looks like that, has a good mind, which is fine and accepts it, but they say very quietly and in such a way that no one can say anything to them.  There are many people among us who say very similar things, that this is a very mean person, they call someone like a cow, then we call him that he is above controversy.  And we will not say this and on top of that, your brother-in-law is the Prime Minister of another country, the one who ruled you, but ask him, he is working 70 hours there, what is the situation there, what is the situation of inflation there, what is the situation of rents there?  What is the condition of the public there? It is fine in England because whether the Indian public listens to you or not, your son-in-law is close to you, he can listen to you, how much is he implementing your language, how much are you implementing there, Tarai. Don't go to Tarai, let the rate increase a little, let's get a little bit of what we call the comfort level of the British of foreigners, should it be like that of India in the default setting, we live in Majri, that Tarai, Tarai, don't go there. Because we are so used to living in the lowlands and here you are telling us to work for 70 hours, children, will our lives be saved? Will you work for 70 hours? You were born to take back China and Japan.  If you are born to follow then I hope you understood this video, you will share it. Despite this video being long, I have given full clarity point by point. Those who enjoyed it, please write in the comment section and share. Thank you.  Very Much