Hello I am Vishal Kalra with you and There is a person with me who youtube2 day life in practical way How to live your life simply How can problems be solved? Life sutra runs in the life of youth To solve all the problems Run Clarity for Youth in an easy way If you want to learn astrology then go simple Astrology also works in real estate If you want to invest then join us They also run real estate and what influence do they have in the society? are changing rapidly and Our politics, our politics, where is it? Kind of plays this role in a great way If you want to understand from then Guruji from Gurugram also. We run five channels and I Like I said in the beginning, all your life Solving problems is very practical If you want to do it in a simple way then that person Amit Sangwan is here, you are very welcome. Sir, thank you, thank you very much, thank you Thank you for the kind word and Amit ji Everyone will give you more life sutra Know Amit Sangwan by name What is personality? What is personality today? He will also try to know a little and Today's podcast will be about youth. India's youth these days around problems What kind of problems are you facing? And what is its practical and simple solution? Maybe we will talk about this today my first The question to you is that in the beginning i.e. today Let's talk about a few years before 10 15 years First in front of the parents and also in front of the children There is no option for further career There used to be less confusion. In today's time when we say that there are options it is a different situation, a different There is confusion, children can decide for themselves. Are their parents able to guide them? In which field is your career? If you can be successful in life then first The problem is this, the first question is this. In which field should I make my career I am Shar Many people will come to you and ask this What should we do, I have done it, I have done it, now I have done it. What There is a very simple answer to this confusion. Let's see this and that in India There are 144 crore people so everyone is not confused Many people have this thing but those people These rich people discuss who they are There are people who have no confusion about the rich It's okay for Alia Bhatt to have children. There was no confusion as to what to do. Abhishek Bachchan ji was not confused Shahrukh Khan's children have no confusion Mukesh Ambani's children are confused There is no confusion whose children have it. middle class kids are middle class Whose children will I tell that to, poor people? Even the kids have no clue Dad is earning 10-15 thousand rupees, mom is earning Dad is working as someone's maid. Rickshaw pullers are doing kid can do this Can Do Anything Better Can Do Anything In Life is long and it depends on the parents. He can do anything if he doesn't have money. Father is earning 10 and son is also earning 15 is or daughter is earning 15 it is considered a Progress is delayed and there is no confusion. Confusion: She can go anywhere and work Can't I in the Great Indian Middle Even in the class Indian middle class, he That is inside the job which is Indian Middle going about their business even in class ok, some shop has opened, this is done They too are not very confused I know something will happen or else it won't happen. It's ok to go to Chavadi Bazaar. Sir, his children are selling small cardamoms. There is not much confusion that oh is It's not about where to become or where to go. confusion one Limited section which is a very big section It is middle class and it has government employees. children of employees the most The second one is the corporate people who are confused. What is the reason behind Mansabdari system? Let us understand the times which existed during the time of Mughals. Where the king was the Mughal emperor. He was made a Mansabdar but he owned 5000 horses. Had I got more money, I would have been able to take my revenue. Was able to do everything but could not transfer If I could do it today, whatever parent By doing a job in life, he will become his own. One cannot transfer goodwill. Doctor if his child becomes a doctor Chartered can transfer patient Accountant can also be a lawyer for clients Can do it, even an architect can do it But the one who is going to do the job is something I can't do much then her child Now we have to fight a battle with zero confusion. Why does confusion arise? It arises because the The great Indian middle class has Those who started progressing slowly He joined the workforce in 1970-80. They had children who were the first born to freedom The country was very poor before independence. Even children used to do anything in 70's and 80's If anyone did anything, it would be with 40-30 people. It was better, then their children came, now they Whoever did whatever, whoever was born within 80 Born Millennials who speak Lately 70 80 They also looked like father if they were clothed. clerk is better than chapada clerk ka bachcha Became Group B Became Group B's Child Group A will now progress if India progresses. The child who is coming in the market in 2023 Don't take a good startup from your dad If you are IS then how will your child If you understand how to become a Tehsildar then how to become a Patwari. You are a group officer, the group is also an officer If anything, your child is not a shell. ok so now the confusion is this There is no confusion, we are actually saying this There is no confusion, there is no confusion, it is Just my aspiration and my status Difference and Confusion between Other Wise Give no confusion, do anything, this is the problem There are still questions left to discuss further. If you do, these things will come out. I will tell them, right now I am just telling you this I wonder who is confused and for what reason? The only reason for confusion is that They want to become something with money They are not interested in livelihood Not interested in social status If there is interest in livelihood If I were there, I would do 70 things myself. He said, I have five channels, that's my only channel. Apart from what I say publicly 65 If there is other work then why is this an example? Should you get into it I'll do the same thing Because of region confusion, hence Haryana I say brother he will ask for rose I am confused if I will eat berries or not People in Haryana say I will eat both You have only one bowl, give me two bowls. I will eat both and also eat gulab jamun. I will eat rabri and also eat paddy. I will take it and eat the kheer as well and eat it whole I will have the youth made no no my I have to become a professional again, we will discuss that further. If you do then this answer will be clear to you but Confusion just because parents in my job Mijbil you are yourself misbehaved wage or corporate he is not happy And every person should be happy in default setting If he wants, he sees that my Parents are not happy with their life The pattern is visible in his next things too Why don't you marry? Mother is not happy. By getting married I am a girl, I have become something So I will not marry because marriage Doing it hurts every day, today's youth Smart but they figured it out What not to do, what should we do This is confusion and what happens when you You cross a lot, don't you? You have less choice then you say Yes, and those songs have always been made in India. I was sure that Roshan will make my name famous in the world. Lal Durara is hiding somewhere Don't get into the kids of today They have entered into their parents and the same This transfer of energy is called man It's working like we both do it Are we making our father proud? are working and dad's I want to ask your name Roshan What is the name of his father who is President? Not many people even know the name of the President. Maybe you can't tell in India but Don't know the name of the President's father It will happen that even after becoming President, father's If the name doesn't shine then we are me and you. what to illuminate Why should I take it? It's simple to make a name famous. I asked you a question and how many others? Famous people are Virat Kohli King Kohli Will Kohli tell my father's name? Kohli is roaming around a lot after telling his father's name Father's father is Virat Kohli's father. Tell me the name, now that name has become clear. What if I don't know my father's name? We need to get the concept out of our minds I will explain with a practical example Tell your parents, brother, do whatever you want. It makes sense that what is happening is dynamic. It's a world, many things are changing Artificial Intelligence is coming from six Seven skill sets are required for seven to eight tasks. Will do what today's youth of 20 years is listening to He will work till 80 years of his age In the next 60 years at least it will increase by six to seven years. Will do six to seven jobs and may also be unrelated can there is no work if some buddy can get In Today and Continuing People Who Are in the Government jobs are also listening last 20 who has been working for years and is working in government What work was being done even in the job? His job is government but he is like you. You belong to social media, you belong to news channel. If you have experience in this, tell me. You were doing it 10 years ago. Didn't make a difference in the way of making the difference Including who we are interviewing today This is you who sent me the link and we We were discussing even this is not changing Something changes every three months or six months. So what should we do to focus more? It's important to start doing it right. Let's move on to the next question and this The question is about our education. It is related because the problem facing the youth This is what happens, I even did college. I also graduated, I post I am a graduate and also studied from a good college. Even after taking it, I still don't have the job of my choice. Those who have already got the job are getting it. They feel that their potential Justice is not being done to him or is he not doing that much? Are not able to earn and future is also like this I don't think he'll be able to earn that much. both those who have got jobs Both of them are upset as they haven't got a job. The stress in the life of parents is that Even though we have educated the child, can't do anything special Look, many people have given a very simple reply to this. If you watched very old movies, you would know this. Otherwise go and do movies in 1960 Dharmendra used to come in 50 late 50 60 I have also seen the old one and that in it Nor was there an engineer Babu in the village. I used to fall in love with a village girl. And a bridge had to be built there and that He used to keep a roll of paper with him like this and He used to roam around like this and hire himself. Everyone and only that bridge was being built at the end. Some government employees used to be older than him. Everybody respected him by calling him Babuji Babuji They said and that person is someone competitive Graduates did not pass such great exams. It was only about graduate BA and those movies. I used to come son, you passed me mother Mother, your son's first tankha has passed. There was such a sense of entitlement that if you If you do a degree or study more, You will get a job, your life will be good If it happens then people pollute extra The biggest problem in life is that brother You are a 120 for two in 20 overs so 300 Runs will be scored because the run rate is 6. Do extra polling but brother take 1 SP also. can be out and if a good pin If the shutter comes at the end then it can also become 350 or 400 Now the problem is that those who If you are graduating then you are graduating. Value is not equal to The paper on which the degree is printed There is no value, there will be a paper of its size. Now people will think that what brother? Sir the child will not do it anymore it is not ours If people do then they are roaming around with degrees. He has no value, no skill set There is no and bsot syllabus engineering Now put pendrive and floppy disk inside also. We will teach you something from the beginning, not the syllabus. There's nothing practical these days, kids! Those who are doing graduation themselves say that there is no reason for this. But we have to do it because we are graduates. The marriage has to happen, how will it happen otherwise, wife? who marries nearby Will do fine but don't focus on money and The jobs that are there have no meaning and This entitlement has arrived here the entitlement It has come to pass that I I would like to meet a girl whose There will be a dimple on the lift wheel whose height will be 5 feet. She will be 6 inches tall and will be working for her mother. Will prepare and keep food. Must also know how to cook and I think you will be a great life partner. I made this figure of my partner that I will marry only such a girl and before that My bell will ring when she comes and the flowers outside It rains from somewhere now this has to happen in real Life, you turned 25, turned 28, turned 32. It's done, it's not happening and what are you saying? Why am I not getting what I deserve? I want to say who said that you We deserve it, that's what we were told. But who told you this, this is the syllabus? I thought it would happen once you reach here. It may not happen like this, it may not happen like that, it may not happen like this. Hey brother, I told you that story. no it doesn't happen but it doesn't happen Then why do they go to college? Yes, why? You go brother, if you shouldn't go then what? Even if you don't become a graduate, it's better for your children. If you are giving any knowledge to people then you Hey brother, you send children to this man. You are setting yourself, he is not asking Ask whether this middle class is stupid or not Why am I not getting this, asked Papa Because you talk in the language of your parents Son, once you complete 10th and 12th, life is set. Son, I got good marks in 12th. Got good marks but 12th So there is no point in being competitive exam is held Son, once you finish college, you will be somewhere. College is set, now what after that? Do it, I am saying it above all else. People from IIT Delhi also need IET, isn't it? Some people are not getting jobs, everyone is not getting it. Not getting IT Delhi worth Rs 5000 I am telling you, I am not talking about everyone. A lot of packages are also available to some people. If you are not getting Rs 75000 as a fan then this Thinking I'm walking around with a degree Its quality is no higher The quality of education is below that of America. Money for American quality Now that faculty will have to pay their money Where will you get a university now? There is more name left in our Sonipat But brother that faculty will not discuss If you bring it from outside then you need money, right? To bring an intelligent man then he Education has become expensive, good one now has money So if you don't want to give then that government will also give something. Don't say much, say friend, everyone is a graduate. Go so that it does not happen that I killed your son. You did not let me graduate, you gave 00 00 School fees are higher than college fees These colleges are so expensive that they are open. What's the point of more, there's no point in it But it's like you become me, why should we stop? Son, you do your BA and then you do MBA. You do your PhD and then news will come. Application for Chapra job in UP PhD gave days and he got selected there too if it weren't there you wouldn't tell me tomorrow You have to select shellac which holds water. Have to feed, have to post photo, pick up clothes If you have to move this stuff here and there, you have to do it. Should I take a PhD? He will remain confused only he will say I am to k for this job then brother why are you coming Is it here if you are qualified? You know that PhD is not worth anything. If you know where the problem came from What is it that people are gathering their Like he collected stamps and coins as a child Used to be happy by doing something great, right? We have taken such degrees that we are collecting them. They have practically no meaning. The country has no entitlement to so many MBA is coming, there is no need for so much. No business is happening in our country I need so many MBAs, this MBA Basically it's a telecaller, a boy wearing a tie. Good morning sir sir sir will you take the plot sir Will you take the flat sir? It was your requirement sir. Don't want real estate don't want I don't want cold calling I don't want it Want not want 00 Let's meet in the morning Two people will call from 1:00 PM to 1:00 PM Will say send good brochure and no one else They will buy it and will do two sales in the whole year If yes, then according to that they will get 15000-180000. They just go from morning to evening, they feel they have work This is the hard truth of Employment in India because their To add value by improving quality You weren't taught anything in college, now call me. Just comes what to do next and senses off The entitlement is that I am an MBA. so something good So this was the main very bitter and sad s yes Yes, my next question is like this: Said that now degrees have no special value is no longer the one on which this degree is being printed The degree has less value than that paper. Then the next question that arises in the minds of parents is What if it comes to collecting a little money I should send my son abroad, daughter should I send him abroad? should I go to America, Canada? Australia UK go anywhere and out Go and study and settle down there? this solution This is the biggest thing, so what is geopolitical? This situation is happening to you in the world. Don't know who will send whom back and when What could be the reason now that so many have gone to Canada? Whatever happened, it happened now with Trudeau Everyone knows what happened so how safe are you And What Will Happen in the Middle East You have got citizenship from the Middle East It's okay and everyone has their own Something is going on in the system, the biggest thing is this Is it true that even if you go there, more than half the people Indians go on student visas If you only cut onions at the dhaba, If you want to go to Indian dhaba and chop onions only then Why do you have to go there and then study and onion? If you want to bite then bite here then there will be no problem. This means that the middle class here is Driving a truck, cutting onions at a restaurant, like this If you do manual work in India, then shame on you. They will wonder, oh what is he doing This is the work of family and relatives. There is no problem if you go to Canada and do it Because the dignity of labor becomes That is one and not here in that country Nobody knows what he is doing No one knows what's going on there So if you don't want to go at all then you should You have to go to a foreign country when you are in India. You have studied well, get a job here Have been and from here your firm is such that Are you sending it or are you sending the foreign form from here? I am employed in Big Four, Big Six or any too in all and she takes you so that When You Go There You Learn New Things It Is very important now as you now media If you go to space once, it will take you two years. For That's The Way You Will Conduct Yourself By Coming Back Will Be A Value Addition You just walk away with your face raised and I will come back. If I had to do something, I would have to eat onions Only petrol pumps will be cut and refilled. So after cutting onions there we filled the petrol pump. If you come back to India then will you have any value? There is no edition and you will keep doing the same work there. What made me happy that I got 12 dollars an hour? I am getting 10, I am getting 20 dollars. There is rental so much that you go into the basement. You will eat frozen food, sweep and wash utensils If you do it yourself then you will progress or you will Went down here to sweep your house The utensils were being used, they were at least middle class. At least if all the children do this work at home I make my bed and clean my room Washing clothes should not be sold there by parents only. All the boys will go and throw these tantrums themselves. The one who does this wakes up here in the morning, mommy grandson. Make me some tea, I'll go for a stroll I will come like this, oh brother, you are like this Discipline: You will go there and teach it. It's okay if parents don't send the youth out. If you want to go for menial jobs then that is Middle class youth should not go there. Should go to lower class. Go to lower class. No more because this picture will come just now Donkey Shahrukh Khan's theme is also ok It will be something like this to see and this picture is super I am already telling you that it will be a hit because This is relevant. Your question is very relevant. This issue is very relevant and on this There is a lot to learn and there is an answer to it. Shouldn't Shouldn't Go, It's Not That Simple But I will still explain it in a simple way. If you are going to do lower class work Basically you are going to upset the British. and they are going to enslave them. If it is literal then brother, don't go there. By going you are taking science forward. You are doing research, you are doing software You're basically holding down a good job, Pa6 Your Jugaad of the month on Hajj above 000 dollars If so, then go there with your face raised. in the basement live in a dirty place, stay in a dirty place there too And if there is crime and issues then it is not Well, more than half of the youth want to go to Escape the Tomcat Parent Who Is Causing Trauma He doesn't let me live, what will the father do? What will you do, he will say I will go out I will sweep you away just to live. Not giving it if he tells them that you are The work you have to do there, here If you have the passion to pay, you can have a Team of People Working for You and You Can Do A start up, you have to work so hard It's cold outside, there's a war outside It goes what is the biggest problem Brother, you will go there and survive. You can save some money but don't get married Can because his wife also has to work A man cannot support his wife. There is no chance of a child in Tankha So there is no future for you, right? Will there be marriage or will there be a child? Will there be a child? Education is so expensive, don't you need the government These mohalla clinics will be available in schools And free electricity, free water brother, America is there There is also a root canal to remove the tooth. I also know people who come to do treatment They come to India after getting caught and then go away. There is power and waiting from above There is a list, you will go across the India You will go to the counter and say, "My dear." There is gas, he will give chemistry. take medicine there and see you You are saying that your tooth hurts. No, you have an appointment in four days. See if you get what you want in India. I like to say that India is not medical. Brother in India money in your pocket If so, you can get treatment somewhere within seconds. And if you don't have money it will take 15 seconds Meaning it will take some more time, 10 seconds more Wise everything is available here so this is just The drums of water are pleasant and practical There is no and maybe this movie will come, all these I think she will address things. So that's what I'm going to do with this in a very short I am adding to the question that What are my parents thinking about sending me? What was he thinking when he sent it and what was he thinking when he sent it? Think that you don't want to send me any more to hear this. How to take decision after look very short They have to take a simple decision that if I I am sending you to study there. First look at the aspect of study By the way astrologically I say foreign The settlement of the country is a cursed combination. born in one's own soil, found in the soil It has to go or it will turn into dust. Something is a curse, yours is fine, something else is fine. Government employees, politicians and the like are people of they know them we We have made the condition of our country so bad that this Started living in the country, they know jinn tax He has kept it saying that you go and set out outside. They send this money a lot for settlement Many people after watching this video They should take advice anyway. Have to take it and feel that after studying there I will do something if I deserve you so much If we were there we would have done it here also and if you You only have so much money to go there Water has to be spent, it is very expensive to do this If it is then you can settle it here And I am saying this to the youth and Indians I need to go out to do business or to travel But don't get stuck in one country, I'm saying. I am in India and stay for six months. stay out sometimes for two months and here for two months go here and there and do business import export jugaad When you provide services to those people of the country Do not send those who do not have the clarity that Will he do anything for education in future? No idea what college is worth Because in your Delhi and here so many Agents are sitting there, they don't know this Renaissance University is not there tomorrow After going there I came to know that hey, this is that. It was not even recognised, how much will you check Friend, you don't want to study at all. Send it now, he was sent to Ukraine for studies. If they want to become a doctor then Similarly, the incident happened further but even if this happens If you had gone, which doctor would you have become first? You go there and learn Russian for a year. Be ready, you are ready to work so hard So there's a lot here too If it goes then according to me it should not be sent Most people are absolutely clear child going to school of economics You have got a scholarship, you are brilliant, look at you As an escape, will you go to the country or here If you are not leaving and I am leaving then That region is not there, nothing to do Ok this is the main thing ok next Let's move towards the question and there are lakhs of rupees in it. I think the number of young people who Today's people are busy and they are government officials. To show job preparation to the world The question I am asking you is that I I am preparing for competitive exam I am preparing for a government job the age at which he has the most He has more energy than his five year old self Spent a year preparing for that government job after which he is left empty handed And then he goes into depression, these lakhs What's happening with the youth in numbers Because he is disillusioned with private job It has become official at any cost. Job I want it yes it had gone a little bit yes I your question was about government job yes government I had a question about job. Yes, why do people waste so much time? See that first a jump in government job You are from a very poor family and your There's no way you don't even have a business There won't be any money, you can't jump butt Social status if one exam is cleared I would have jumped in and gotten married Market also drives endorsity What is the second thing if it is a matter of psychology? I haven't done it on any of my channels either. This is so much original content that has been posted so far I am giving it to you, you can spread it Because I have never said this openly. Although I have to make a video on this Tha But For The First Time Fresh Pakodas You The pakodas I am frying here are If you go into Indian mindset 100 150 The DNA of 100 years ago tells us a lot I remember my grandfather's father and many people Grandpa's and Grandfather's father's Generation Indians were whipped and beaten There used to be sticks when there were slaves. Who were the government people who killed these British people? Britons don't kill, Britons don't kill me too Made a video, that too will be done. Maximum at any given point of time remaining The ratio was more than 0, which means it is Indian only. Now, which Indian used to kill which Indian The Indian who used to kill was the government official. The man was fine, the government man used to kill now The government man who used to kill was also a historian. Used to be flogged, used to study in upper class system Caste people say that lower caste people should do it. These were the landlords, they used to own them, so That element was still there, but the government Naukri the great government job of the The British who belonged to the lower class anyone by giving him a job in the system Gave him the right to beat, gave him the stick He used to clear his own things. I have so many questions, I will tell you. Freedom will struggle, I tell you No one has recorded this yet. Not very politically correct and sexy and She doesn't seem diplomatic so she goes inside. I have come to everyone's country, even though it has become free. Our DNA says here or somewhere behind I was thinking that if I have to take that for myself now I have seen some movie after failing 12th. No but its theme is such that I If I have to do it in the system, I will be it. The feeling is different, there is no way, then that. There is a lot of motivation factor in that. He knows that I have not had sex for five-seven years. He knows what he is doing and his life is good. This is the only way he can come up I am telling you why I am from lower class. The rich are wasting money and their children are not coming. Middle class is doing middle class now Through my videos I have been working for two-three years. I am telling you that many people have stopped doing it now. Did it because the middle class released Said that even if my friend comes near then Papa Papa Why can't I become a group in my group? I will do it, Papa will be happy someday otherwise. Middle class or anyone who has access to money Who has a house in a big city and some money It's okay, he is not going, official, official I went to small town people and were poor This is what should happen and this is what should happen. I want it but his psychology is such that he wants something else Can't do it and once what once There is no addiction in giving exams once. Your paper prelim has been cleared somewhere. The numbers have come, you are left in the interview, will you tell me? Now no one tells that I am left out of the number. Son, 200 Hajj people are left from number two, isn't it? Everyone would come and tell their parents. Is left from number two whether it is from number 20 If this is also true then many times what happens when you're studying at home What happens at home if you are studying a lot? You get food and your parents too. You are not complaining, you are also working hard. If the parents also have sympathy then You start finding preparation easier. Once revised it is something like that You are doing 11th class six times seven times The syllabus is the same for any competition You are preparing, you are doing it for the first time. If you do that syllabus for the second time then it will not change. If you are reading the same thing again and again then it is easy. It happens and now you think man I have done more, now I have done more butt It's not yours, it's happening to everyone, you understand. When we graduate its time for There should always be a maximum of three tries Government's so that people do not impersonate but give The government also knows that there are not so many jobs. If we take away this hope from people then Then there will be agitation, told the government If you go and give you a job, the government said Scheduled Castes are castes upto 37 years of age Please attempt 15 atms. Someone's age was reduced to six, someone's age was increased increased the relaxation, did everything because of covid Come, give me relaxation, this is not an exam. Take it, India is there, it tastes good. India now has to tell us what to do Don't bother us like this You don't want to be our moral science teacher anymore. He is doing it, because he won't do it, right? People don't have an answer for that. Okay. I don't want to be an officer You assume that you are an officer somewhere Either your father or your brother was in the government. Someone has something and you are spreading knowledge. Someone else is saying, 'Brother, don't do it, you are better' You are jealous of me, you don't want me to be your brother Who forbade you but in 30 years? You are worthless because turmeric The valley was formed on June 20, 1576. There is no monetization of this information There is no use Quit India When did the movement happen and then this happened and in the country When was the charkha adopted in Bengal in 1905? Partition happened Who was Mir Jafar Mir Qasim What were the Mughals? Who were Babar? Who was his father? Humayun's or Humayun's was his, he has got no Meaning Humayun died after falling down the stairs Akbar was coming from his library with that It took 10 for 10 and it all died. Information is of no use in practical life Not when you come in like a lost gambler Are you coming out of UPSC? Market value is zero if even No one fears gambling, gambling is gambling. So brother he will play now how can you call a gambler You will tell me not to gamble, he is saying this India guys are making dream 11, I come every day Sara Country Dream 11 is making 50's We have to win, now what will you tell them? don't pretend you say It is irritating in their hands and this makes the most Big loss it's not happening tell you I am telling people what is actually happening. They say that the damage is being done that If people waste five-seven years There is no loss to their life, it is there If there is loss, then perhaps it is to suffer loss. The real loss Vishal ji is facing is that The one who got the job, the one who became so much Bad one out he ain't worth nothing His reels on the very first day of work Want to make tata teena like this ting ting ting By doing Ting we became IPS I came to do that work There is nothing in me then he says here So I did not get respect because of the actual work. No one performs the aarti from above. The minister beats the canes here Would the public even ask questions so sexy? So not as much as was said, it is something Like no one says heaven in heaven It is heaven, it is heaven, it will be found in heaven. If you meet and enter, you will find out that it is hell. Then someone said, the messenger of Yamraj said this The trailer was for calling you son. Now what is this inner reality? Now he will not tell anyone that We have come into such a loser profession, haven't we? Nothing works for us here, right? And we are actually Babu and we are like this Will do nothing for anyone in government job It's okay but it will take out frustration Then on someone on whom it will go out and the way Through technology, this government So many things are being taken out These people will just remain feedback givers. Big decisions of the government today Vishal ji Big Four Big Five in Ministry There are consulting firms, consultation is done by them only. This journalist is being taken, he is J. No sir, generalists are general people. He doesn't know anything, he is not a specialist. Government is still holding this outside consultation People are saying do this, do this, do this Do it because look at the government's thousands of crores If you want to take money and distribute it then No one knows the efficiency, right? What is there outside that you have to do business with? If he gives 100 crore rupees then there is no accountability Even a CO can be a failure if it is not done properly. Let the quarterly results not come, what is there here? So share from the government's own pocket. Well, that's just people's hard work. tax is the money that comes from tax They can do anything if they get it. We say we are powerful, you are not powerful. Those who cannot take home with themselves what happens to you when its offering is received Do you know what will happen next for Sara? The entire system of corruption will end. Because Indians will become very highly moral Because technology will arrive many years earlier If you remember from your father or someone If you ask, he used to be a lines man. That person with the telephone was a big nuisance. I used to add wires and the bill would increase and decrease. There was a landline and sometimes I could get a connection. It was not there, it had to be given on Holi and Diwali. And it was a big nuisance because of the lines man. There used to be a man not so long ago Youngsters wouldn't know it was like this Now that the mobile has arrived, it has become irrelevant. This is this, this lines man, this is what happens to him. Nobody knows that corruption is irrelevant. Earlier this ticket used to be reserved. Now it has come immediately, IRCTC has come online. She has come and becomes big. Earlier she used to walk. We will take tickets in the middle and will mention your name. Will do this now that all Aadhaar visits have been linked. If this happens then technology corruption will end. Will do it in future when there will be corruption No Vishal ji, social status is not available. No power, no respect and no money If you have it and you have to work, then it's a government job. There will be no fun in the job when this happens then these people will stop preparing And this paper is slowly leaking that This is happening now just like us are telling What is not happening, those who understand it That's the realization coming to those who are in denial You are demotivating us and me. So someone said, you say that your children want to send to government job After reducing the competition, I said wow, what a passion. It's mine, I will make five channels. People of World India should not do this and my It means wow if the children get a government job. I mean, it was fun to make accusations. I mean wow I'm working so hard ok for a government job that i Open the channel and brainwash from morning to evening. I am saying to the public that brother, you don't think like this. So it will be said that it is people's job to say this but this When genuine people give feedback on their own That friend, sometimes only a job in a government job Is there security for anything else? There is no security inside Covid The private man was in his house, the government man People were outside saying no official, oh official. The man has risked his life Elections will be held not government employees I can't say that the stomach is not going to come inside. Government employees work 24* Do it at normal time when the government You have to get the work done, don't refuse it. Can he, he will say, son, go there That's a picture of getting the election votes. Thi Newton There are four men sitting in that village If I vote for you, I will reach there too. Government and government employees should go there Can't speak like a corporate i don't Like the Boss I'll Leave the Job You Can't Leave Government Job When Ever You Wish Know You people, the government is such that even if you come If you wish to go, we will tell you like this. Not that I have resigned, we are like this If today's youngsters feel that this Okay, tell me, you don't want to do the job. Yes, you can be forced to do it too. Yes it can be done please come to our place You will find out if you get a government job here in the country. There are many departments of the government that you can enter. Will go as per their wish and will not do anything else You can become a government employee If you are working then you can't do anything. And today you cannot do it as per your wish. Being What Ever You Are Can Do a Job You Can Do You Can Do 10 Other Things But Government I can't do this thing when people know If it works then you will be clear. will do good to a lot of people one Nowadays it is said to follow the concept It's like someone asks what should I do? People say in response, now follow your passion Karo Gai is a concept which is talked about again and again. If it is done then the question is whether your passion Follow because many people know Not what is my passion, what is my interest So what, follow passion, follow interest. or see where the money can come from What is the answer to the first question that you answered? There is no interest in earning money, respect and If you are interested in getting power then this is passion Where will the interest come from and Where should the focus be on interest or money? But look what passion is for a young boy. Passion is that whatever I do, Girls come around me like that I see an ad, should I post something like this? That the girls will come, now those girls will come where That thought becomes my passion. tell me something collect some trash There can be passion but there is a lot of money, brother. And I want to tell this to people today Through this podcast of yours, when money He is passionate about his passion, isn't he? you yourself would have come It's all about money, go after the money Don't chase passion because passion is something No passion Vishal ji it is a strong feeling Nothing But a Strong Feeling Ultimately Feeling is all there is and we humans are feeling. change feeling change for the spouse only then Divorce is passion I was very passionate About This Girl Got Married in Two Months Now that you are divorced, where is your passion? Passion is a feeling it can change what it has become Because of some inputs the inputs can be colored I Was Passionate Thing Now You Say You're Very Passionate about singing but only your singing It is useless not to give you even two rupees Keep being passionate about your song. Tell me I am very passionate about cooking Not any normal food even from your house The account is in your hand but you are very Passionate now me and you me and you both Become passionate about this podcast and one more every day Made a podcast and we got 312 views. How long will it take to get views brother, are you ok? Not many came, my words did not come I didn't like my comments. Come this podcast did not hit you again Will you never call me again if this If the podcast becomes a hit then you will say yaar one After three months again ask seven questions and eight questions. Let's take a look at This is Life Shahrukh Khan I am very passionate about film Only if the making and picture becomes a hit then the work can proceed further. It won't work otherwise he won't get the passion. If he is passionate then he will take it with you I don't have anything ok in the market There should be demand, market demand only. The market is changing, the market is changing. The things that used to work earlier are no longer working. You have become passionate about it, now that market Don't want that market anymore? If he wants to change then your Even the passion will have to change a bit. Look, what is this concept these days? Na Vishal ji, now I have an ax on my leg. Am I hitting you or kicking myself in the stomach? I am here but not hitting that much because I I also tell this to others very bluntly. tell me what to do more have money instead of doing something It's a big deal, I will tell you what? I will tell you how to trade Hey brother, you are such a great trader. So you are sitting quietly in the Himalayas again. If you keep trading, you get everything You have created all the Telegram groups. You make 40 trades a day which get hit. This happens by showing the screenshot of the Send the chicken bait course and we will tell you. We ourselves did not clear UPSC, we are green. We are gamblers, we will tell you how UPSC To clarify, Vishal ji, this is a laughing matter. If you calculate then it will be Rs 400 thousand crores. UPSC has a coaching industry where 180 IS selected whose 20 crores Tankha is 180 IS of the year 20 crore tankha If this is a year then Rs 40000 crores should be spent. Productivity worth Rs 20 crores is being extracted Because look who works as much It is considered that much in GDP, isn't it? If I am giving you two lakh rupees So that means I will add your work worth Rs 2 lakh. You are doing the tax of two, you are doing the tax of five. You are in the same ratio, isn't it 400? Haj crore and where is 20 crore brother 20 crore Will render great service to Maha Bharati. Will do the work, pay 20 crores, 40 Work worth crores done for Mahabharati 50 Got crores of rupees done late and spent water So the 4 thousand crore people who are teaching them He is traveling in a nice car. Nice living in cities and wearing nice clothes their kids are enjoying themselves and This is what they are becoming, they are becoming smaller. Some are being installed in the districts in the cities. It takes two-four-five years for them to grow up If something happens then they go to the secretariat. I quit my job for 40 years in Haryana A bureaucrat is famous in his 60s Posting has been done and it shows 6 Posting but the room itself changes Even the floor does not change, four or five floors. If there is a secretariat then the floor should be covered once or twice. Floor changed, Arwaaz changed in 10 years The room has changed, he is the same and brother. Tell me whether you will be posting this much or something else. If you can do the work then you are very good. If you are being insulted then you could have left and done something else but he Don't do it because how will that system work? Pass the exam in six-seven years after passing out. How to leave a government job Like riding a tiger when you get off it feels like this He will eat it, it is fun to ride. That's why he is sad when he doesn't go, sir. Ask the employee who can't find it. I am sad and I am in trouble Tell me the government employee whose age is 10 155 years. If you are in job for two years then there is Harim period A man may look good in 15 years There is no one who is happy, so people say If you are not happy then leave me hey brother It's like marriage marriage people are not very un I leave because I know I won't get another one. Let's make do with that, okay? I don't know why. It should happen because man himself is mentally Would have been so bad physically and emotionally He knows I can't attract anyone. If partner has to suffer this then this is what. This passion is nothing when what is happening Because if you marry on the basis of passion then Passion is gone, you married on the basis of passion Your wife is very beautiful Sushil and so This is how they gave birth to a child You will be spoiled after giving birth to a child, but that is marriage. So the passion was there, now the passion has reduced. Because the passion was on that beauty There's a Feeling That's What I'm Saying Don't Take De permanent decision on temporary feeling Passion is a temporary feeling till date I am passionate and will have to become something else. not working If you can then passion is yours now Virat Kohli Yes, you are passionate about cricket, that's right Then his shop will also be closed Sachin Dak Something has happened and everyone will have to do it now. what can he do he was very passionate about Cricket what to do now restaurants are running their teams are present in movies I am investing, my wife is also an actress. He is doing 50 more tasks now, isn't he? Say why I am so passionate about it Fitness Also Passionate About Earning Big celebrities learning everything Look at this, now Shahrukh Khan has become a judge for Rs 6000. crore 7000 crore entity just because of Movies Hey He's Doing 50 Other Things Also He's Got a Company Special Effects Wally real estate is there is a Brand 50 is working so what is passion We have seen this passion, only one and that. Mathematician is passionate about solving And the heel became, the hair grew, this is the passion hai ek dhaadh ka other wise passion design and up Nicely Anyway and It Dozen Gives You Any Anything This is the Heart Truth of If we are talking about life youth then a very The disturbing truth is that 2023 There have been 30 suicides in Kota in the year Child has committed suicide. Parents have their say. or the parents are unable to tell their don't want to listen to the kids or This problem is about mental health where is the failure happening Are we the same again? What is our country? do we have a formula generation formula The country is a formula for us. If we get it then we feel that only because of this What happened to success then quota, you are me one the basic thing i want to ask you is u 8800 on the road If it works then it used to work at some time which was very More illusion The topic is important, discuss it It is worth doing but I want to explain the mathematics hoon it's like farmer Suicide is the Farmer Suicide if Any Farmer Does suicide happen only because of his crop It would be bad and he was on a date and he was poor. hai aur woh andata hai aur woh like in movies Let's pretend it doesn't rain anymore I don't have any money, I am dead, this is the story No can a farmer do suicide because He broke up, can farmer commit suicide? Because of some personal things inside his house It's done, we won't go this far farmer Society if we speak in absolute numbers So we don't see how many farmers there are. May Be More People Fact Side and Issue Are Happenings in the Aa Forces Ch More Stressful Because we don't check the base rate. If 100 suicides are taking place then how many people are there? May the teachers who do this work be more Vishal Yes more teachers commit suicide because of students USA Teacher Feel More loser than student There is much more to come, not withstanding this Numbers Have to Be Put Correctly in the Issue Then the issue is there that if you ask the fish fly like a bird or appear on a tree If you try to climb then the fish can't climb now. You sent the quota, then the quota is given to the region. Because of this either IT will remove him He doesn't feel like it. What's the problem? Vishal ji let me tell you these children Which we forcefully send to IIT and If the child is not fit for IT then he is in IT. Will fail there and will commit more suicides Because it has hit him, right? I had told you son, somehow reach IT but When he came to know about IT, he did not come out. All the blind people came there, now reservation Even within the competitive exam which You get an advantage to take it out. Vishal is achieved only in competitive exams Yes, when you join the institution Now the quota will not be there again, you understand I am sure that you will be passed. Because you were a [ __ ], now that's done for you. Now that child has become normal and that child who came with crutches Now he can't compete, what now? Do It's Something Like That I Tell You The child was studying in sixth class in the village. K standard was like learning english only He is there now because there is fifth I taught him by raising him in a big school. Now that child has been put in sixth class I can't get angry in English, now you say. That brother, isn't this the right of English? You have the right to learn, but brother, its Look at the background of what you say. Why did the pot break? Why did the caterpillar break? In old times that ad used to come in the family The vision of planning is sometimes correct because Both were weak so what did they want to do? It is said that if the pot is weak then it will break quickly. Will go and break hands like this and the girl If you are becoming a mother at 181 then it is not a Good Thing She Should Become Like 24 A Little Bit Older There should be more, this message was not there nowadays Due to this it was understood that India You have acquired so much wisdom, but an example of that D I want to tell you why Let's break down what is happening somewhere in Kota Because he is not sure he can't do it It's like you tell someone that you are 100 meter in 11 seconds not in seconds and a half Running away from him will kill you, but you You are saying no, I will train you. It will be made, why won't it be made, now you boil it The same thing comes again, these are influencers. This whole industry is on youtube3 8000 You are an umpire worth Rs. 100,000,000, you fool. You do it, it will be done by you, now they come. Children are better than their parents. They also come to get rid of that Girlfriend boyfriend will roam some freedom I also found that nothing is happening at home. Said ok papa will remove it this suicide Children who do not commit suicide will commit suicide. The poor guy is actually a decent person and even dies a decent person. He is a scoundrel child, he is about to die, he just went for the money. Do all the work and then say it's not done. What will the father do if he doesn't do anything? He is a sensitive child who loves his father and mother. takes actual pressure he is doing So here only the role of parents will come because How Can Anybody Else in the System Know That This What is your status Background What is yours? Is it the same thing? The broken pot broke. Which one is weak? It is the one who made the pot. Does he know what his status is? Many children are shameless 18 20 years old You can't do anything, you would also be their scoundrel. There are children, hold 100 children, many children are big If you are sensitive then send everyone to one place. You give, now don't they understand? Is it good? Default in India? They have many brilliant children from this setting. You should not work too hard for your children. to get work done without hard work Do it only if it is sustainable if it dies. He is getting marks in 12th after dying He is fighting hard for the exam in competition. he's graduating somehow he's very Will be under stress and because what is the reason He doesn't have talent because ultimately Selection Interview in Corporate Like the threads collide, those who know everything, I MIET says we don't want it, we don't want it As they say, there is burst out in the region. Because I just came out with MIT It's packaged, let's suck its blood Brother, how much did the goods sell on Diwali? Why don't you let me take it now I'm RT Hey brother, I worked very hard in Kota. If you sell goods and take money then the child says that Son, what did father say when you are in trouble? Once it is set, it is already set. No, here his blood is being sucked and Sister's wedding beyond the package that was received The car has been fixed, father has bought it. Took a flat, took a loan, sucked Neither should he fulfill his soul on your package. If he leaves the package, the house will fall down, then he tell me what is he doing Then this kid is confused, that's what I'm saying. hmm i am from iit i am really bad thing about this Even after this the war is not being won because this also became robots and then within a few days When there is no job, we call it a startup. Father says money will work in startup Where did you get it because everyone has a family? It's normal because I come from a rich family. No longer rich families say come to IT I have been living in Gujarat for many years. Roaming back and forth with I Am Ahmedabad What happened was I said friend I discussed it okay Mansukh Bhai is one of us and not a Gujarati. I am Ahmedabad, I am your Ahmedabad. I must be a Gujarati so big In the building they call me S student Say, Amit Bhai, why will you do this job? I will neither keep them at my place nor here You talk like Mumbai or Gujarati Will say in the same tone in style You are reading for us If you are reading this for us then you They are saying that this pressure is middle This is a class of parents, I want to make something of myself. I was watching that video of mine today You caught the podcast and that's what 54 Listening to him for minutes to gain something Although it will give me my content I have to make but I assume many people I won't see it, that's why it came to my mind That's why I am telling the middle class who Is working for the rich and the poor And M is the one who died the most. for middle class m for mari padi And make money for the rich and for the rich They are increasing their money by working and The poor have to pay them somewhere There is no leverage and all the money you have Questions yet to be asked by the middle class Specific Sawa De Aar Not Poor's Child No poor person commits suicide in Kota If you are doing it then tell me middle class children Because in some time the middle class Your middle class came even after becoming an expert. Even big creators can copy this content. That's why I felt that middle class No one can answer better than you. Look If you let me copy then keep it with you, then keep the original Right, we have the formula for pain and suffering. how much will you copy because my In content I place these middle class taking me to this place complete script know you come my chapter One paragraph of a chapter Four paragraphs Bring out the line and bring the audience to you Subscribers are first people will see But ultimately my someone will come here I don't run any ads on my channel either. To make you famous like that I'm coming I'm organic word of mouth So it is my Ayushmann Khurana movie kind of word of mouth i know i Call this a mini revolution or awakening What Jagruti Samaj's special middle class is its I will be able to do it in two to four years If we have support from people like you, it will happen even faster. Will go because you also have influence are also subscribers and yours anyway You are in the media and news channels. So we have to hold on to this No copyright patent s long age Every Buddy Can Know This and Discuss This I Give Myself the Credit to That Man in the Middle No one is discussing the class, right? Neither a politician nor a businessman nor anyone else It is not taken for granted that you belong to the middle class. So vote today, who knows whose party it is? Everyone knows that the middle class is getting worse. I am going to vote for him. You can't tell him what to do with a poor person. If he wants to vote, he will take the liquor bottle from someone. You will take money from someone and give it to someone else Can't tell what he's going to do with it The rich man is so smart that he doesn't care. If someone wishes, it is a dialogue. Our shop is famous before also, it is the middle one. This class worker is roaming around You don't even get money for free in parks go and see, go and see somewhere and then they say that Our children or children are traveling you have taken over the entire country force yourself to see your family Well, I have one last question because you Guruji from Gurugram also runs a channel and are happening in the society on politics There was a good discussion about the changes as well. But my question is that many leaders It is said that India is the most The country with the highest youth population is That if population is anywhere then it is India Demographic dividend is also talked about Is India in such a situation that Move forward by taking advantage of the large youth population any government could have any Does the politician really have any policy? looks for If you didn't know this before then now this is how much I I am telling something original to your face You should smile if you feel a lot I told you a different original thing and till today you Never heard of it on any platform. I am more than any human being or any intellectual. I am going to reveal that secret, this thing is ok And you will support me ok very big I am going to tell you a question. taken its buffalo's tail means a lot This rings demo graphic dividend this Dividend you tell me one thing in 2023 we What is already and what we are going ahead Technology is advancing a lot ok So what if technology is advancing? too much physical work left This is the day when flour and dough are lost. It's fine on its own, a lot of it is automatic The clothes also get washed, the washing goes. The machine has all the technology and You also work on the phone whatever we are working on Now at my age I am also doing a lot I feel more like my hair is getting gray as I get older I have very little of what I want to say is That the demographic dividend doesn't work If you go and press the button on the computer Pressing the buttons of fingers is young and old. What does it matter? This is not an advantage. This is compulsion in this technical world. The world is out to fool India Has fooled even the politicians brother is fooling you Artificial Intelligence has arrived 90 You have to die for a year, you have to grow old for 80 years You will go to your old age only. You Will Be Left for Jhaadu Pocha Only Because that physical work is the same, isn't it youth? Tell me what is the job of a 30 year old Youth is fine if he is doing technical work So how am I at advantage than 50 years old? If you want to run then physical work is an advantage. If you want to do farming then there is advantage. If you want to do farming then there is advantage. Joining the army is an advantage if you want to shoot If you want to run, if you want to play physical games, then what is the advantage other wise what is the advantage Tell me the amount of advantage if Have the Chinese people become old or the Korean people? Japan has grown old, so brother! Old people are also working because work is It's up to the mind and it's their mind that works. We have thought of this in India, right? Son turns 55, father gets married It won't work, it's too late, now mom! If you don't do any work then there is enough youth. Must be needed to exploit It's so good for us that we fool the youth. ready-made, ready-made, like their sugarcane Indians with brains can extract juice and who are very intelligent multinational There are companies that can also do this and their What is the way to make them spiritually stupid? Tell the youth to become spiritually awakened. There will be one more on your channel, please take its name. He is doing a lot of consciousness, intelligence and wisdom The youth are confused. What's the matter with you? I do convincing trolls, okay, but many There are people who are confusing them Because if ya's poets em you can confuse Confuse them and win in circles Have you asked any questions yet and will you figure out how? Linked with some kind of Confusion Was This Confusion Not Late There was no 30 years back and 20 years back now. There is a lot of money to be made from this confusion. Maybe I will stop my speech by saying this There is money in this, whoever understands it will earn it Will take constant engagement constant That's what you have to do and it's just Keep listening, you see, we are on this side of the screen. Both of them are there, now you will speak, you are on your feet. Kudi Maar Ye, what are you listening to? I'm still asking, yes this is the truth of life unfortunately If you become rich then come and teach people. What is the power of sitting there and trolling? There is power to do, there is power to speak bad. because my life Mijbil is going to move, hey brother He is very thick skinned sitting there that's why he In social media and with any influencer status very few people understanding and infact if it is something like If there is no engagement then that channel is also something else. Engagement also does not work, this is also a fact. Because Y's algorithm is good or bad. doesn't understand he understands what they say Engagement comments whether good or bad If yes, please check out Polytin in future. polarizing figures polarizing control it Everything will work and this youth has so much You have time and energy to do everything yourself. Hey brother, you are silent about giving opinion. Someone wise is saying something while being silent Take it and implement it in your life and move forward. move on instead of discussing here What is right late? Nothing is right late. Nothing Rang Sanatan Ka Astrology I Let me tell you the final thing, late is nothing write late nothing color late no input late There are outputs and actions and consequences. So You Have to Accept the Consequences of Your Actions If You Don't Like The Consequences You Have to Change the Action You Have Can't Be in a Situation Where You Can't change the action and you don't like the Consequence This is the Truth of the Youth She doesn't like to change her action. He should see that he gets up late and doesn't want to work ready to accept consequences No, they say I have a good degree. It was good brother, your degree is zero. The college will not tell you who is paying. your father won't tell you Because if they had known, they would have Why is it right for the one who sends you to me He won't tell you if he has to give you a job. because you have not reached him Because since he will ask you four questions Then they won't know what to do How to speak, how to do, personality, something There is no communication, there is nothing but degree. When you are roaming around with a degree, you have to meet the customer. When you call, you don't ask about your degree. tell me when you became a doctor then when you If you are opening the operation and applying stitches No one asks about your marks in third semester. How many came, tell me, because of the trouble in the plane. M Associated with Aviation Also Pilot Ship Lands quietly, sir, ok Landing will be done if Chick Chick arrives smoothly. People are happy and if someone makes a splash I will not ask you your name in ATPL exam Who had very good marks in the paper? Asks do you fly a plane properly or Don't blow your license left or The doctor has also lost his license Is it left or is it gone? that is associated with the bar or has done something If you create a scandal then nobody will do you go and ask. Any Liar's Tere Number How many cases will he win or lose? There will be a reputation that this is a divorce case. Brother, I will help in this case. This is the best brother among this one It's the best and that's it, but people still I don't know why degrees are so bad. And this someone behind the number rings in their ears Will not tell because there is benefit in telling No, I always liked India from India. Fooling Your Fresh Though Word There's something else but I'll use family You are my channel and yours in India. Making your fresh fool in India is very much Easier than conveying to you that your has become a fool So, the easy work is what is fresh in India. It won't happen or someone will do difficult work because I'm trying to do difficult things And I know it's hard to do Have to be whipped and fresh idiot Brother, it is very easy to make, do it like this Do it, show those dreams, show them like this It's good, it's bad, 22 year old people She was busy discussing history. baby brother, what should you do? You don't have a job, you don't have a marriage. You are not going to get married baby. Your life will not go anywhere. you are not doing anything you are busy In intellectual discussion, church is for people who have reached the top by doing all this work your job is to work or not no the youth will also check to raise awareness The discussion will become spiritual. The Age and Time of Spirituality It was told to our Indian that brother this Your Grihastha Ashram is your Vanaprastha. There is an ashram, then you are there at such an age. You will go and then you will not do the work there before. can if you do it first then after that What are you doing today for 40 years? Awakening consciousness, intellect and conscience and then 42 Getting married at 45 then at 48 at the age of B they produce offspring and they Son, the child speaks like a 14 year old. You serve us and he cries and cries That friend, this old man has found his own. In youth, consciousness and wisdom should be nurtured. The hippies who suffer were the generation in America The moment went on, those children cried a lot, friend We were born to grandparents If you become a parent at the age of a grandparent, This Was From My Side I Hope Your Audience will get some clarity I will get tremendous clarity because in very clear words and in a very precise manner And such things which are in people's mind But very little comes to the tongue that big You have clearly presented what you are to people. And as the name of your channel is clarity For youth I think after this podcast The clarity that is needed for the youth also They will definitely get a lot of clarity Thank you for taking the time and asking these questions Answered so brilliantly thank you ok thank you You