Hello friends, there was a lot of demand for this, I was trying to avoid it but some things are not avoidable because of me across all my five channels, should I make any video? Tell me sir, make this video, tell me sir, please give clarity on this, meaning my astrology.  Sir, I am giving clarity to the youth on this, if I go beyond that, I mean, sir, I am giving clarity to the youth because what is the reason because these two are Sandeep. Maheshwari and Vivek Mindra between both of them I think there are five hundred crore subscribers, if we got together then maybe we will have to tell that it has become youtube3, no one gives the clarity that I give, this is my claim, is this claim true or not?  So in the end of this video, you tell me, I will give full clarity on this issue. It will be fun to watch it very well, I have not got such clarity on this till now, I have also watched many videos of even big names. Have seen this and other wise also, I have seen the controversy that is there and mostly everyone follows it, beyond that I will give clarity in a very loving manner, I will tell who has suffered loss due to this and what will happen in the future, the future of both of them.  I will also tell you what is going to happen next, I will also tell you if it will be fun, so let's start with a little personality talk from Vivek Bindra ji, no one does the way I analyze now.  Why are you praising yourself again and again? I will tell you that too. Okay, the personality of Vivek Bindra ji is very intelligent, he is very intelligent, he speaks very quickly, his enthusiasm is high, both are in the motivation space, the space is there, I don't.  Like at all is fine and because my focus is on clarity and you must have also seen that nowadays people are using the word clarity more instead of saying motivation, because of marketing and what ever is fine. As far as we know about Vivek Bindra ji's childhood and what he told in the open domain, he was very young, I think he was 2 years old. When his father expired, his mother also got married, so he had a struggle in life.  And what was told in their own language, Ikan etc., there were many people who were with them, who were the followers of Lord Krishna, they have very good knowledge of Gita and such verses like this.  There are many such people who now oppose it by rote and will say to them, Oh hey, this is a gift of gap, gift of gap makes such fools, hey Saraswati's blessings, do not call the blessings of Saraswati Mata as gift of gap, gift of.  The gap is a big thing, brother, story teller, talk about good things, brothers and sisters, talk very good, the story tellers who talk well, I do n't know where they are sitting, brothers and sisters, they are sitting.  Or are you not sitting, who is the greatest story teller of India and I am not saying this as a condemnation, it is the story teller's time and till date only those who can tell good stories have reached somewhere and the public is sitting to do the rest. If there is this gift of gap, such people look down on it that it is not a big thing, it is a very big thing, talking, the way of talking, the quality of talking, there are records in this book in their name, they cannot be found just like that.  Many of those are also fine but knowledge is specific.  The tange force of business is very good, the knowledge is deep, the examples are very good, the connection is very good, the happiness on the face is so much that it irritates many people, how can anyone be so happy, he has a lot of followers, 2 crore plus 2.3.  There are 2.4 crore subscribers but those subscribers can probably respect him but cannot love him. Now all this is coming out, I will also tell about Sandeep ji separately.  They will tell about everyone, they will tell about the personality of both, people have done that, this is good, this is bad, that is good, we are good with this, we have done this and that, now something from their personal life has also come, that Raita has spread further, many times they say  Doesn't it feel like that, and when that condition changes, if there is some star, then only bad news comes from all sides, so that is also there, we will discuss a little beyond that too, but first let us tell you that you will see videos of them dancing like this. Absence, how to [ __ ] like this, do it like this, we are dancing, the way of saying is, come on, next time, say again, follow me, do it like this, no other man is the one who neither watches nor lives like this, but this is the one who seems to run away.  Isn't it and said, walk, walk, run quickly, run quickly, if you follow them, you get breathless, it is not for everyone, it is fun to watch, it takes life to do, so now let's move ahead, what was this business model of theirs that caused so much noise?  there was a stir in it 50 course and it was talked about and what mistakes were made which they have also admitted and corrected but when the rumor spreads then it becomes infamy and when it gets infamous, when you rise by your name you fall by it also, it is okay and wrong.  Is that IBC International Business Consultant etc. something like Rs. 50000? First thing I would like to say is their free content. If you watch the free content channel.  But everything is available so free content is very good, so if free content is very good then paid content cannot be bad, it is a matter of normal wisdom, further we will talk about whether it is beneficial or not, we will talk about that but fact.  This is that the content is good, okay, it is a mess, no one has analyzed it to this level, it is a mess, if someone had been there to tell them or explain it, then maybe they would not have made the mistake or maybe  When I tell him that he has done a realisation, he created some content of his own and gave Rs. 0000 to support it. He has explained all that. You all know that we have people, there is animation, there is a team of so many people, there are expenses, there is water, there are big people.  They come here to people, they float the name of Baba Ramdev from their faculty, they use Vivek Oberoi's name, big names from outside and they do all that, then it is a brilliant system.  You have to see that when you join a gym and take membership, now you have not become thin, muscles have not been gained, then you say return the money but the gym owner will say, did you come to the gym every day, did the trainer tell you to do set ups like pushers?  Do you have to do this bench lift or do this? Do you have to do trade mill? Chadda's got any course, any knowledge, anything is a consumed force item, you cannot speak after consuming it, you are dirty, dirty, dirty, your idiot is cut, then cut, it is like you went to eat, it was not good, you go and say, review.  There is no problem in defaming the world, saying it is useless, she will definitely side with everybody. Mis selling has happened in the sense that you sold the course and then in the course you focus on the course.  It was not there, the focus was on selling the course, now I will tell you where the big mistake happened, the big mistake was that you told the person below you to sell the course, IBC was done, he was very happy, he sold one half, he got commission, then when he went to sell more, he got  It was not sold, then he said, hi, hi, useless, useless, what is the reason, because every time, such a big name teaches such a big business, he will tell the story to someone who is selling the course, now he will go and check, he will get the number of Google 3G.  You will get the company number and direct  You will call and he will say Rs 5000, we give it cheaper, it is direct, you should not give commission to him, so you can't be doing this thing that you are also selling direct and you have made the people below also direct, then when their course will not be sold, then the model which has been made further.  If it was there, she would abuse you, wouldn't she? And because whatever new he is taking, he is taking it from you, either through an insurance policy or perhaps the model of LIC is that they can take it only through agents.  He does not abuse anyone because LIC does not sell directly and no LIC agent abuses LIC and whoever wants a policy needs a policy. The biggest problem is that people do not focus on the content of the course. It is like you.  You are going to a school and in school, you have to study knowledge, increase your skill set, want to learn something, so do not focus beyond that, focus on getting admission in school, you have done B.Tech, what will you do now, sir, B.Tech course.  I will sell it to you. It is something like you learned a cooking course. If you are into cooking then why did you take a cooking course? So that you can cook food, you can eat it yourself, you can feed people and when you come to school, no no no, you took a cooking course and the course.  By taking this, you are selling that course to someone and you neither know cooking yourself nor did you do that course properly and that course was only about cooking, so now it has started coming in the form of a scam, still this is not multi-level marketing, people.  it multi multi This is not level marketing. This is normal affiliate marketing. In multi-level marketing, the levels are multiple. I sold you, then you sold to two people and even after selling those two, I got some profit, then that is multi-level marketing, but you sold.  If there is any profit and if he is selling from one source only, then this is the main source, which is the organization of Vivek ji. He has IBC here. If he sells further, then only he is getting it. Is there any change in between?  If it is not there, then there is no need to spread the misconception that it is not there, it is there as much as it is and this affiliate marketing is being done all over the world, who is not doing it everywhere, you have taken all those courses and those things. Those people who give the badge of identification, what else is it, the one who earns money, he falls in the eyes of the people that he is doing it only to earn money, what else, what good did you do, what content did you give, that is different on personal life.  so come People are saying the same thing, you used to impart great knowledge, yours is good, someone has written a message to me too, Sandeep Maheshwari's depression is being detected, Vivek Bindra is beating his wife and your FR has been posted. Everyone's number will come, it is written somewhere on my channel, your number will also come. By doing this I want to ask that our number will also come, everyone's number will come, did I write that normally I say no to trolls?  Normally he doesn't answer but what is the matter sometimes, sometimes when someone is typing like this then I feel bad because I get the feeling from inside, I wrote this on this very channel, in my opinion, someone has written in some video and I have written a line in it.  I said, look, we all will have a turn, but what about you? Your turn has not come, the story is not starting, someone has risen and then fallen, okay, it has reached here, that is why your turn is not coming.  Neither getting a job nor getting married  No children are being born, no life is happening, no further scandal is happening, you are in life, you are sitting clean or after taking a bath, nothing will happen, no bamboo will be played, no flute will be played and everyone is waiting for their turn to come.  Yes, your number will also come, yours has also come, you have also fallen, no one insults the public because you are a subscriber, so how can they speak bad about you, here people speak bad about Vivek Bindra, of Sandeep Mashori.  Speak bad about him, either take Sandeep's side or take Vivek's side and you sit like this and keep watching and no one does anything to you, isn't the public the biggest scoundrel, brothers and sisters, this is the country where people go to pick tomatoes.  These are worth 00, so we look at each tomato like this, this is India, you have made a fool of us by taking a course of Rs 50,000, you have made a fool of us, you have made a fool of us, the public is stupid, the public is stupid.  You are an idiot, more than half of the listeners who listen to me are not my subscribers and certainly not my members. How can you say hi, I will unsubscribe and you will have to ask. This attitude is not there in Vivek Bindra nor in Sandeep Maheshwari.  This is the attitude that brother, we are giving you something, I am doing good for you, I am a very good person, I have done good like this, I have given this, I have given that, say brother, it is like this, what kind of course is it?  Will it be beneficial? I also do small things. He asked me whether it will be beneficial or not. I said no, please find out, tell me why, try this, make this claim, because what is a claim, it is lovely too.  Karti Ghori will become done, isn't that one and that one not coming? Hit which one, the girls will come, which one is it  The world is doing like this, why are you feeling so scandalized, who will send their course like this, how many will come like me, tell me, we will come and do it, tell me what, only this much of your money will be looted, see if you want to loot but this is not the attitude.  If it doesn't work much, then only I have so many subscribers, so the content is the best among them, my retention rate is the highest, watch rate is the highest, social impact is good, Social Blade is a site, you can know everything by visiting it.  Well, both of them are sitting with crores of rupees, more than that come to me across the channel, I will not talk about one, and there is retention time because ultimately I will tell further, the public is a scoundrel, the subscriber is a scoundrel, no one is straight, 0000, hey, 51 thousand rupees.  If you buy phone then you hit 50 reviews. You have to buy train ticket. If you want to buy plane ticket then go to 10 sites and see where you can get Rs.  3300 is available cheap, you just pick it up and do it. Hey, greed is there, there is no interest, there was no interest in doing the course, there was no interest in updating skills, there was no interest in running your business, sell it, sell it, sell it of your greed.  Someone took advantage At some point of time I will just tell you that in India there is a top lot, then there is a middle lot and then there is a bottom lot. These people had to be targeted who would have learned.  Had they studied, they would have done something, they would have got some benefit, now they have reached the people here, now everyone will abuse everyone's desi ghee, don't regret brother, feed everyone desi ghee also, don't regret, whoever has the habit of eating ladda or any other oil.  Or it may be eating redi's momos, they don't digest that thing but you get greedy, you are creating content and it is selling very well, so even those who teach this business are not able to do it.  Was it ours or will we move later, goodwill got loose now let's talk about Sandeep Maheshwari ji, everyone's favorite, he has a very soft spoken personality, he seems to be opposite to Vivek Bindra ji, as if his education is of the same level and all these levels are here.  Okay, okay, look, there is no right or wrong, everything is as it is, someone or the other will attract someone else, everyone has their own style and attitude. If they have their own following, then their short spoken personality does not make one get scared after seeing them. When you see Sandeep Ashwari, the first reaction from inside, whatever you see, you will not get excited. He is short spoken and it does not seem that I cannot reach here, this will tell you.  That yes you can reach here but brother, they do not have any specific domain knowledge, they have a driver knowledge which understands this word and mental model, they will know the driver.  Knowledge offers knowledge is not deep knowledge, they can do good, they can do well and that is also known because any of their content is direct, now like I am talking to you, I am talking directly, Veg Mendra ji also does it or his It happens so quickly, like this, doubt comes from here like this, then see repeat after me, you can do it like this, whatever the market likes, it pleases you like this, brother, it takes a lot of knowledge to do like this.  Or a lot of knowledge is needed Sidhu ji Sidhu kills quickly and then he is like this brother, he has knowledge from somewhere, he has taken something from somewhere and has hidden something and he speaks very quickly and there is no written script and he talks directly. So that means I am sitting with a thought, okay, as I am saying this, I too am probably sitting with a thought that I do not need the help of any man, no editing is being done, no editing is being done for one and a half hour.  By doing a session, 20 minutes of juice is not being extracted, 25 20 30 50 people are not made to sit like this, they are not asked leading questions, yes, to drive an agenda, then it is like this, now they say, Sandeep ji says yes, I have.  Don't create controversy, I have not even taken the name. Hey, what is the need to take the name? Tell me, you are a big politician who has a white beard and wears glasses and brothers.  Sisters, it's all like this and you won't be able to know which one you are talking about. You have put that tie in the thumbnail and the one wearing a suit and the red tie is his only, that is Mindr ji's, then why should I speak?  If there is a need, then say this, this is what they call, it is not right to act like this, what is his claim to fame, what is the claim to fame of Sandeep Maheshwari ji, as soon as I say it  They are sitting with an army to write something down, the army will come, hey, they don't charge money, they haven't monetized their channel, so today let's talk about it, what is the benefit they are getting, if they haven't monetized their channel, then what are you getting benefit from it? We don't like ads because Sandeep ji says, I am talking about crores, if a two-episode ad comes in between then I do n't want that if a poor person or someone is watching me, then he should get the ad, for whom he is doing good.  is it yours After watching the video, he did not want to masturbate, he had to waste one and a half hour's time on the pawn, the same youth thought that you did it in 5 seconds, that is one second thing, I tell it anyway and today I tell it openly because who has told till date?  No, there is no knowledge, service is given to people, number five or six out of 89, you make them an associate beyond that, they will not get any ad, I have taken it, every person has five or six people in his family, Papa. Mom, wife, child, friend, brother, sister, everybody, watch the hours, you will not see any ad, you will not see a single ad, then how much is the profit, it cannot be more than ₹, second thing, brothers and sisters, today I show my business skills, the one from Stanford.  And on top of that, Harvard Warbird, listen, my brothers and sisters, tell me one thing, if an ad comes then it consumes data, you are sitting with the data too, so if that ad is there  Data worth ₹ 1 is also being lost. If I watch ads worth ₹ of YouTube2 throughout the day, then my data gets included in it. If I clicked to avoid ads, we will not talk about ad blocker locker, it blocks YouTube2.  Do it and they are trying to save a rupee, it is okay, then those who do not see the ad, they have to pay it and the data that will be saved will be of ₹, so there is a profit of ₹, so today itself they all said Sandhi Machine.  Me too  Monetization I will also talk about that, there is some earning of 20-30 paise from youtube1 video, some of 10-20 paise and that is the lowest in India, in US still I am talking about 7080 paise of money, whatever money is in rupees then  In India, that 102 paise is for AdSense account. There is a formula of 55 45 percentage in it. Okay, so what have you done to it, friend, tell me one thing, a person's 50  You have taken advantage of the money, what claims are you taking, has it become great, I can also sell the course, you cannot sell the course, your knowledge is above, if you do n't sell it, then you will not make noise in two minutes, this is also a fact, if you speak.  I still don't take money. Now let's talk about this with someone. What is the benefit to me in the world? Hey Chaudhary has his own pleasure. Beggary has his own pleasure. I don't take money and don't monetize. In every other video you say like  I am in every video  I say that I am the number one lover of clarity. Everyone says something or the other to increase subscribers, to impress, to do anything. If you speak in every one, then it is definitely a spice, is n't it? You don't monetize everything.  Donkeys, horses, lame horses, they are all monetized and you invite them all on your channel and they were on so many channels, but you did not invite us, I am the one with the most knowledge, I am youtube1, you have invited me.  I did n't invite you on the channel, why didn't I invite you because I don't have subscribers, if I had five million you could have invited me too, that's a different matter, I still don't come because I don't appreciate what you preach, it's okay and it will happen one day and still no.  I will come but others will come. Yes, you are doing great work. No one is doing great work. Every buddy is on fame or money or boat or Chaudhary Hut or knowledge. Why don't the leaders say all this? Ministers have opened up, serving ministers of big governments all over the world have asked youtube3 IAS officer wants to come, IPS wants to come, Minister wants to come, sentry wants to come, everything wants to come, so say that I would rather come.  I am doing good, I am not doing good, everyone is building their brand, today I will talk about business because some of them are running this business, some of them are not getting any views, you are sitting with 3-3 crore subscribers.  3 lakh views do not come, getting views on youtube0 is like considered bare minimum for a creator, so if we assume that this video of mine is being made and how many subscribers do I have, let's assume it is 170 something like this, then it should be 177000, brother, it should come at 10.  So you should come on average, if you don't come even after 1st, then no one sees you anyway. People come, don't know if they had ever come at some time, saw you, now they are gone. After listening to the number of subscribers, you go to see how many views are coming and how many are coming in the last 10 months, how many are coming on 10 videos, look at that, that is the thing and if someone watches even 30 seconds of that video.  So views count is there, friend, this video has 2 lakh views, so if someone watched the video even for 30 seconds, if someone watched 28 seconds, then the views are not counted, if someone watched 30 seconds, now it is 30.  If someone watches 31 seconds of a 31 second video, then the view count is done, but brother, the retention rate is only with the creator, it is only he who knows it, so I come in such a hurry and call myself number one.  So I have good feedback, I know that even if very few people watch my video, the one who watches watches it very well. Good comments also come in the comment section. You also write. One of Sandeep Maheshwari. Claim to fame - This is what earlier used to speak, what words were easy, now it is not easy, people like us have taken away the air since last two-three years, what is easy, nothing is easy, it is not easy to clean your stomach in the bathroom in the morning.  This is easy by force, it is easy, even after doing it, people can't say bad because no money has been taken, this is the only thing other wise, there is no benefit, it is like running on a trade mill, brother, the work is free, it is free only. with money  Good things happen in life, there is no guarantee by giving money, money will be wasted in many places, but till date no one has benefited from free electricity, free water has never been good, remember this sir, there has never been any benefit and now for so many years.  After getting so many subscribers, Monetize Kar said in the last video, why did he find a noble cause in filing a court case against one person, till now you should have found the education of children, poor nutrition is going on in India.  At some places, to increase the skill set, they would have given some courses by purchasing them from others because you cannot make them, this is a fact, it is okay, at least they would have done something, they would have opened a university, given money for education, given scholarships, given 50 works.  It could have been done till now, whatever sacrifices have been made in so many years on youtube0 90, people skip add in 5 seconds, some 5, 10, 20 seconds seem forced, so today I told everyone. Brother, can't you give one rupee? Should the creator stop his ads? There are so many 1.5 crore channels made for you. You can't spend one rupee of yours. Google3, give five numbers. Everyone will do good. Four.  Give gifts to people, give gifts to mom, give gifts to dad, everyone's mom and dad, everyone watches youtube1 and four more, then take four more, why are you taking such a favor of ₹ that I do n't know, you have done a lot of great things.  This model of Sandeep ji, many people praise him till he reaches 3 crore subscribers and till he reaches that stage like I know, look at you, there is no example of me, a housewife is not complete without marriage, a housewife is greater.  There are two brothers in Kailash, one brother is abroad, is it okay or does he work somewhere outside? That brother and his daughter-in-law do not even ask whom. The elderly couple who own a house in Greater Kailash and this daughter-in-law is serving  She does not take anything, does not monetize anything, says Namaste in the morning and evening, after serving for 18 years, the house worth Rs. 18 crores became her son's name, but the one who was the daughter-in-law's husband, she would have said, ' Son, if you have served a lot.  Brother, she was his investment for 17 years. She didn't even suck. She was great. She was great, so she took a bite of greatness in one go. Everyone takes a bite. Some say, I am not doing it now. I am not doing it now.  I am not doing it now, keep growing, keep growing, keep growing, I am doing it now because the rest of the team must have told me that every person has to grow. Hey brother, Mukesh Ambani is giving jobs to so many people like this, Adani Jobs.  He is giving, not spreading the business. No, that is also a service to the people. He said, I don't take money for anything, I do it for free, then what is the benefit of 5 crore people? Did so many people come and see your views?  so many people  You might have subscribed, some might have unsubscribed, some might not have done it, you do n't see anything, anyway, off your subscribers, don't watch Sandeep Maheshwari ji, now he gets angry even when he says that, he gets chilly, he is much younger than me. I am not much older than them, I am only two years older than them, I am also telling you this, go and check today, theirs and mine will not be seen anywhere, by the way, I am telling you that this is Dr.  Eating 'Peda' suits many people because you have attracted all their energy just like that. Something is happening to the losers. There is a time to scold them. Hey, wake up. All those things come as soon as they move away from that loser mindset.  When every person comes out, he has not understood the content because this dozen takes you anywhere, these are all very bad things, these are round talks, first of all it is easy, it is easy and he is like this and she is crying, those boys.  The children are those whose parents did not listen to them, if not then we listened to them. Well, these are some creators like this one and that one is our Acharya Prashant ji. Their subscribers are increasing. India is going in the wrong direction, this is the barometer. Now come and tell me, they are whipped a lot, look at their army of Acharya ji, look at theirs, they are sitting at four, four, five, five crores, but will you find common subscribers of both of them, who came to this shop first? Took out the juice and then something happened but some of his intelligence awakened and his conscience did not awaken, then he went there to awaken his conscience, but he is doing nothing, he is doing nothing, he just comes and takes motivation and goes to sleep, now that is easy, it is easy, I have stopped saying it is easy. Why did you stop saying that it is easy because ultimately our people came and said that it is easy, there is nothing and motivation is nonsense and many people got relieved, what is motivation? In the morning, as soon as I get motivation, I feel that I have achieved a lot.  If you do nothing, then let's move ahead now, whose loss was this? The timing was very well chosen. There was a fight on 67th December. Vivek Bindra ji probably had a fight with madam and he. The video was released on 11th December. Man, when  When down and out happens, many people come to defend me. I am not criticizing Vivek Bindra. Here I am not a fan of anyone but I am going to tell the future of both of them. What is the fate of Vivek Bindra ji? Bringing big people does not mean that if I take big people, that is the benefit. Brother, if you are at the level of ABC or CD, if you bring a PhD English scholar, then it will not be beneficial for him.  It's all Shobha ji, it's all style, there is no need, keep teaching silently and comfortably like a down to earth leader, it is better, when a person with 2.5 crore or 3 crore subscribers sits, then some Tom Deacon Harry can come. Anybody you can get because he will also get views, he will also have a name, then you will keep interviewing him and other people, bring that Khan sir, he has so many subscribers, he has so many subscribers, all the YouTubers, if everyone knows what it is, then your ability to get.  Anybody is not something great, he does not gain any knowledge by coming there, there are some case studies, there is no practical benefit of Mahatma Gandhi ji.  Tell me about this, tell me about Doval ji, all this is pass time, this is also fine, it is like Dhruv Rathi has a little spin, he is on Wikipedia, he comes with something, then the youth goes there, all these shoppers.  There is knowledge that nothing will be achieved in life like this, you take hold of Elon Musk's model, take hold of Jeff Bezos's and do it. If you live longer, you may be in Ara, Ballia, Bastar, Samastipur and you are learning Elon.  What has Musk done? Brother, that eco system is yours, neither Samastipur nor Bastar, so you have not left it, it is okay, you live in Basti, you are okay, you live in Roberts Ganj, you live in Mirzapur, now enter there.  I went to your IBC and after taking these courses, you did these courses there, you don't understand them, I tell you people, listen carefully, this is from my IM, big colleges of Ahmedabad or Stanford, Ivy League colleges are fine.  Get hold of some big ones, London School of Economics, take out the content there and distribute it among the poor in India and say that brother, you know this, it is available for 1.5 crores, I am giving it to you for how much, what will be the benefit of 15000 rupees?  He Be Able to Understand Anything in IIT Why did not everyone get a job in IIT Daily? Because many people got into it who did not deserve to get into it because there was no crutch. Why do people commit suicide in IIT to enter IIT? It is so difficult to enter IIT, one should party inside it only after getting the stamp of IIT, if one gets life, then why do people commit suicide in IIT because of the paper.  You are not passing. Why are you not passing? Because you simply did not deserve to be there. You were not able to study. You found it difficult. You did not pass. This is the main thing. The basic thing is that when you do not meet the standard of qualification.  No, you say that this is a thing worth Rs 50,000, you do n't know what it will do, yes, it has power, yes, those Rs 50 should be sold for Rs 80,000 according to me, but sell them only to the right people who will actually take advantage of it and they will take advantage of that benefit.  That's why I am saying that there has been a lot of loss, there were children in this ecosystem to take advantage of that, but you have sold so many, you cannot sell more with the audience you have, you have limited sales.  If you can do it then you have increased the ecosystem. You have given up those of your IBC, you have given up a lot, sell, sell, sell down, now it has gone here, it cannot give that benefit to the people here because the others did not even do the course, they are sitting at zero.  If you multiply zero by 10 times then it will remain zero. Now they had to earn money by selling the course. I told them that there is flow in your model. You have also given your number. You are also selling the course, so when that number goes,  These people will buy from you, your direct employees etc. will directly say that friend, if you take it from us, then the model is spoiled here, if the first thing is you should not have done this, you should have sold them on your own, you should have told them children this. You have knowledge, you have some business, you have some accounting, you know something, I will take it up, someone is sitting on zero knowledge, if it is zero, then he is sitting on income, if it is 10 times zero, then it is less.  When these IMs take tests, they make you work hard, don't you say that you can't join IMs, you can't do IT, how much study do you have to do for that, the percentile should be this much to give the test, gave the exam here, gave the cunt's exam, then my analytical in it.  Skills are checked, this check is done so that after reaching there you can cope up with the syllabus, then they see you in GD, then they also bring all types of children in their class.  There are no freshers, there are 2 years, 4 years, 6 years, 8 years of service, IM has different weightage, even today the common man does not know about the admission process, how much weightage is given to 10th and 12th mark sheet, they give to graduation. How much weightage do they give to marks? How much weightage do they give to their entrance test marks? How much weightage do they give to GD and how much weight do they give to job? They all have M.  That in the class representation, there should be science people as well as arts people, boys and girls, freshers, people with 2-4 years of service, and people with 10 years of service, so that the class remains balanced and they are peers among themselves. Peer learning happens in your IBC, there is no peer to peer learning. You were bound to be defamed, that was bound to burst, whatever it was, now what else is the harm? It is certain that Sandeep Maheshwari ji will also be harmed by this because this is his unruly nature coming out. He had done such small things earlier also.  -The fat people are after YouTube, okay, I do n't know whether they will follow me or not, okay, but it's the same thing, ask a lot, live in an attitude, okay, so what have I said wrong, I am saying that brother, I am not reaching anywhere.  Today I have repeatedly complained that I do not monetize, today I have monetized and told that you are doing good to someone for a maximum of 30 paise per day. Let's see who will become a tycoon by doing good for 30 paise, okay? Maybe you don't even get videos every day, maybe no one even watches yours, so maybe you are getting only five paise worth of money. Look at one rupee, who should YouTube1 take? Youth should be proud that you are doing a great job. One more thing.  He was explaining the harm done due to Vivek Bindra's model being messed up. Still, his 10 day MBA guy is coming, so people are focusing on him. How can MBA be done in 10 days? Come on man, I have kept the name.  Go watch that video on 10 day MBA. I have seen that there is content in it. Now I am not defending it but I am saying brother, the content is strong. Look, it is getting more views. Despina is traveling so.  Much from the personal system, whatever has come will happen and all that has happened, okay then something will happen, there will be fights and quarrels, we cannot be so judgmental, that is the job of the police and law to see but now what is happening as a  The content is getting 78 lakh views and Sandhi Mashori's views are 2.5 lakhs, so brother, who is watching how much, who will be the judge from that, go and see now.  There is no 10 day MBA, a little MBA can be done in 10 days, so another conspiracy theory of mine comes from this that all these college MBBS and those who were short-changed were also very angry with Vivek Bindra that he would close his shop if  Genuinely, if a person learns more things for less money from small courses through free content, does 5 10 15 20 Hajj on his own time and does the work, then who cares about them?  Will see because that is why the focus is given again and again on the certificate, that Sandhi Mashar is saying that no one has the power to live in your certificate certificate, today the power is only on knowledge, but earlier Guruji used to give knowledge in Gurukul and  Guru's knowledge used to be there. If 10 people sat under a tree and took the knowledge, if they took the knowledge then that knowledge had value and who went there and told the name of the Guru under the tree and told his brand image. Showed the certificate, it was not like that, said that knowledge is visible, it is visible on the face, look at someone's face, talk to someone for three to four minutes, do n't even talk to anyone, it is written on the face, who is so intelligent, what strength is there in whom, so this is  Certificates have no meaning anyway. In fact, none should be given. Tell someone to read this. If you understand then go away. Tell me, what is a certificate? I have learned cookery from there, certificate. Hey, you made carrot halwa. We give you certificate, you make roti, you make vegetable, make paneer, bhurji, make matar paneer or any dum potato, we will tell you that certificate is there, now you have to lick it, now bring a middle three star rated cook and someone with superior presentation, Sashi, Japanese dish with big hi-fi and  Sell Robert, when he goes to Ganj, he will abuse us and say that he gave us the Hajj, what nonsense is this, he robbed us, it was better for us, whatever that is.  If you eat then now Vivek Bindra ji is giving a lot of his knowledge in the product, which is fine, but when it comes to applying it on yourself, if you go to the wrong audience, you will get scolded. Why did you go to a small town, I say small.  Many things cannot be done in the city because the eco system is such that they do not value your knowledge and you yourself gave them the model of selling the course because it seemed like a get-quick thing, isn't it?  If it is increasing in popularity then don't leave it because in it you have said that I have so many parameters, I have made a dashboard, if you do this much, if you do it like this, you will get it, he will do it like this, then there is a difference between making it and following it in real life, isn't there a refund? You have done your legal duty of not giving it but that is mis selling of the product which is not needed like ULIP Unit Gender Insurance Plan is a scam product in itself no one needs it, don't sell it to anyone but they will say because  Insurance is different, investment is different, we have done this brother, you will not get anything from this, everyone knows ULIP is a ruined product and the world has sold it but still it is sold and that product itself is useless, no one should buy it. Neither the rich nor the poor should buy this product, but this product was wrong here, so it is the MBS of the college and the loss will be that now the knowledge which could have been obtained anyway, will be said to be in institutionalized wages only. Tomorrow we have to go and take it, there will be a difference beyond what other people used to sell their courses and things because people will ask for a lot of guarantee and warranty, like I say in everything, guarantee of only one thing, we will leave this world with this.  Apart from this, if someone is giving you guarantee of anything in life, then he is not fooling you. You are an idiot because you are learning the guarantee from him. Now you will say, he is giving guarantee, no, no, that is the benefit of your being an idiot. picking myself up now  It is a very difficult thing to be considered an idiot, if you learn the guarantee of anything in this life, this marriage will work, this flat will work, this government will work, this leader will give me happiness, you can take this guarantee that I will get up at this time in the morning, I will make the bedsheet on time.  But I will go to the bathroom, my stomach will be clean, I will clean the bathroom, I will make my own breakfast, I will reach the office on time, I will not fight the whole day, I will work, I will come on time, you cannot guarantee such a day for your body, you will do seven things in it.  It is written that you may be able to do four, you may be able to do five, you may be able to do even seven, but you cannot take a guarantee. No one can take your guarantee. If you are learning guarantees from the world, then is n't it foolishness and someone is saying the same thing?  He is giving a guarantee, hey, anyone is giving a guarantee, he is seeking, Sovan is a guarantee, Sovan also defaults, the government also defaults, the economy also defaults, it is wrong to do so in Kolappan certain world, a little bit of this even from Sandeep Maheshwari ji.  It's a request and it's an advice. Who are you to give me advice? Why is there a need to be? You are also giving advice to the world, we are also giving it. Freedom of speech is fine. I told Vindra ji just because your content is good. And you claim that I am doing a lot of good, what is happening on the ground will be checked, people are crying while asking for money, seeing great absence and happiness after seeing such a great image of yours.  People are getting irritated right now many are enjoying. Look at the losers, he used to motivate us. Look, he himself has turned out to be a beast. Are people enjoying? This is telling the psychology of the people instead of suggesting that I like someone, someone.  I follow him and if something like this happens in his life then I should feel sorry for the person that what happened to you, the story is being told that you were fighting with your mother, your wife came to save you and Hearing the wife doing the same is not the same till date, meaning which wife will come again to save the mother-in-law, now the police will look at her and what else she has done. Something must have happened, but why do we go into someone's personal affairs? It is fun, is n't it?  To see the fall of Sambeet Bada Gyan Pelta used to say, Gary bhi karke hai ek ka hai from US, that too, very family family, and that kar uter famous, ok, influencer, very similar profile, he got divorced.  Big people there and in the US too, in the US, divorce is not a big thing, every other person gets divorced, it is okay, so yes, we used to be treated like a big family, even a person like me gets scared.  It's as if my God's program is going well, but man, look, the public is waiting for us. What happened to you, tell us about yours, tell about yours, tell us about yours, friend, what kind of public are you, accept that a man is saying the right thing and  Something may go wrong in his life. It is possible that something may go wrong in someone else's life, but what is the point of this? Vulture is all about enjoying. Well, I leave it to you guys and no one is benefiting from this episode, no one.  Isn't it the benefit of YouTube, isn't it, Uniraj, one YouTube forcefully forced the other one, I will do it like this because brother, you have to launch your business a bit, you have to monetize that series of yours, it was running at 2.5 lakhs, there was a controversy, it got 50 lakh views directly.  There will be a spark, but this pot of pot, no matter how many times you offer it, it doesn't boil again and again. There is a saying that you can be satisfied even with two to four lakh views, like me, organic growth, word of mouth, Ayushmann Khurrana, no marketing, no sales, even for me. I too get a lot of collabs, which FM do they come that say yes, you will get so much money, brother, promote yourself only, I.  I don't believe that books can be heard, books can be heard, songs can be heard, brother, books can't be heard, even these are the things that I am saying. The communication that I am trying to explain is less verbal, it is my emotions, hands, body language.  It is also communication, it makes more sense than this, so if you just listen to someone like this in a podcast, it will not be as much fun, but here it will be more fun because it shows the truth of a person's face and emotions too.  They are also very important for communication, the way of reading a book is different, notes are made for it, one sits after reading four pages, things are not heard while walking like this, if you have to reach somewhere, you have to do something, then things in which you do not believe.  What does the public even care about doing, but the public too, you, someone, yourself, now all the users say something in between, okay, add, some run, some don't, some affiliate, some do stuff, some do, everyone has their own models.  to the public  Say everything is free, it will be good for you, YouTube is a market of 12000 14000 crores, the creators of India, the thumbnails that are made, right brother, these are made for 50-300, the good ones are made for 300, the bad ones are made for 200, the good one will probably make for 300.  If someone makes thumbnails of Rs 400, he will be fooled, then someone will make thumbnails of Rs 500, Rs 200 or Rs 500.  If you make 30 40 50 videos then it has a separate expense. If someone gets the translation done then it has a separate expense. If animation comes then it has a separate expense. People do not have this idea. People do not have the idea that there is GST too, digital space.  If you earn money in 00, then 8 is GST, then he takes the platform fee, even if youtube2 takes three rupees, when you open your account, you will know that you earn 00. Actually you earn only Rs. 35.40. If the customer gave it then the person to whom he gave it earned Rs. 35.40. In between, someone else took away Rs. 60. There is also the government which takes the tax, I have included it too, so this much is left. That's it.  Every time thinking like this that this is happening wrong and should be free and he is great, this one is not great brother, no one is great, all ours are here for someone and Chaudhra  There is no fun in anything like becoming a Choudhary because the ultimate real person knows that here on earth everything has to be left behind, wealth or here, get a taste of the Choudhary forest of the world. In any way, we are fakirs. You have my channel.  If you haven't subscribed, we will take this mobile phone of ours and go away. You can do it like this and say, it will be nice to see man, he is such a good man, he is a beggar, people like this beggar, people like to hear it, beggar is marketing in itself.  Very strong, if you won't see me, will you listen to me? You will even come to a cave in the Himalayas, I will bring my own, I will take my mobile, nothing is going to be left behind, all this nonsense, no one has time, if you go once, then you will see how much more sad you will be.  A man's style is more than can be said. Any person should ever remember that if he does anything, he should say again and again that I am doing it for free, I am doing you a big favor, I am doing it, I am doing it, there are only two things.  there are only two things  Is he a very stupid person? Okay, or is he a very dangerous person, one of these two, one has to choose, the third is that there is no option, he is dangerous because he does not know where to go and what to do, or he is a fool because he cannot earn money on his own.  Ca n't do anything for himself, he ca n't do anything for you too. It seems like people like this will become associates and then they will say like this And if you find yourself fighting for some other human being, don't say it like this. It's about our conscience. Why did I speak like this about Vindra? Why did I speak about Sandeep Maheshwari? Do you know that you are his brother? You are not reaching anywhere. Don't waste so much of your life. If your husband stands up for his wife, then stand up for your mother.  Neither life is the same, only this heaven is found, it is said, we are not there, we are not there, which is the dialogue of Kashmir, this is heaven, this is heaven, only this heaven is available, take a stand for yourself, do n't get depressed in front of your employer, stand so much for yourself.  Take it in front of your parents, do n't show narcissistic behavior, don't stand like a donkey, you come to stand for someone else, I am never mine, if someone trolls me on any channel, someone says, I don't expect my subscribers.  People like me, go and fight, brother, I am Guruji, I am a man, I can fight and speak for myself, you don't have to tell anyone, here I see, I have said something to the leader in our country. How did you tell our leader, how did you do it to my Twitter, how did you do it to my star, people are afraid of not getting into trouble, like this is the case with Sandeep ji, he is afraid of getting into trouble, will he come here or no, it is very good.  Nothing good, they too know us, YouTube, everyone knows each other's status, what work we do, what we do, how we are, how we earn money, food, everyone knows everything, just like everyone knows the realtors in real estate.  It happens that in a hospital, the doctors know the doctors, everyone knows everyone, the lawyers in their business know all the lawyers, what we do well and what we do badly, tuition, the master who teaches us knows everything, what we play.  Everyone knows how to play, but this high moral ground is a dozen work these days and if you suck from high moral ground then you are a fool, it can only be said that every man is for the views on his own, now that  Views What does he need from this, that is a different matter but it is for the sake of views, he is earning views by doing it for free, and if you are saying one thing again and again in everything that I am doing this for free, free, free, that means by troubling you.  Is it somewhere else that he needs to come and say in every other video that I am doing something, I do n't know, your brand is growing, do you sell any of your images? 20 30 50 60 70 8 Photo of Hajj.  Do you sell? Someone asks, brother, how can you take a photo of me for 5 Haj, take it like this, I will give you 00, there are so many proud people sitting in India, everyone will take photos, then why are you able to sell it for 25, 30, 50, because one becomes a brand associate. These are more like the ones who actually sell paan and tobacco, but there is no ad for paan and tobacco, so do Juba Kesari and do your ad here, take that, that, that.  The saffron which is sold is not worth Rs and the goods worth Rs 2000 crores are being sold here, so it is such a market and say, I do not take money for this, now someone come and tell me, which means who is your Akshay Kumar and which is this Ajay Devganj? Shahrukh Khan ji, we do not take money, you are promoting it, you are doing everything or nothing, I am not saying that the photo is equal to this, my aim is not that they are selling the photo or that it is a wrong thing.  It is a good business, it is a good thing, but it is sold, its brand image will be yours, make yourself so many subscribers, then you can take 9 lakh 36 lakh or whatever from the consultation, it is okay, you can get your free free free free free free. By doing 99.99 for free, by doing 01 for free, do it for everyone, so don't have a high moral ground of coercion, it is a business model, everyone is following their own different, how many have I seen? Under the examples, it was told that she takes the house of the greater class, the elder daughter-in-law or the younger daughter-in-law, whoever lives with her, the friend, the mother, will take the tea, these people will take the hard work of 18 years, brother, oh sir, you have got it worth one crore, don't you know, 5 lakh 10 lakh.  The second son and daughter-in-law were sitting in the package. They were getting rich. On their monthly salary of two lakh rupees, everything was looted. Even if they had lived together, it would have been 18 crores.  Instead of the house worth one crore, it would have been divided into seven and 11 crores, if you did more service and took it all away, then you got the benefit of that hard work, so you earned a number there too, whatever devotion you do, being a good person.  That too and then monetize it also, when the new thing is chit, my patvi, my aada, my father 's yes, it's a nice approach, I also normally teach people to follow like this, so brothers and sisters, now what am I?  Sell ​​yours, my happiness course is about to end, decision making. If you want to learn decision making, I did a very great workshop for only 99 rupees for two and a half hours, where I taught business, what are the mental models and told all that, the same mental models are on my channel.  It was available for free long time ago and it did not even reach thousands of views, meaning it went away in its own form and as soon as I monetized it, brothers and sisters, and as soon as I added it and as soon as  I have a big subscriber base and Bhai Saheb has become very in demand. This is the truth of life. When there is a free advertisement in the newspaper, those smooth pages are thrown in the dustbin. You pay Rs for the newspaper and then you keep it for trash. Because ₹ has been given, the thing for which money is given is kept with care, free never has any value, never learn anything for free, free only works for free, it is not necessary that you get value even by paying, this is a truth.  Is Somewhere you will give 3000, it may be worth only Rs. 300, somewhere, if you have intelligence, that is, you have a lot of intelligence, then it is not a matter of intelligence, then you can make it a bagger, this is also a fact, only then you are very much like me.  I am going to tell you one of my secrets, those who are listening till now, a very big secret of my channel and you tell me whether you understand it or not, it is important to tell and those who were watching the video till now, write us your secret in the comment section.  If you know, I would love to know. Okay, I told you something at the end. Okay, if you watch my Clarity for You channel, every video which I come and speak is on 99, Hindi only, then I speak half a line in English.  Ek aadha koi word English ka bol deta, it's pure Hindi, it's ok, but in my thumbnails and within my topic, the topic is in English and a lot of people, which is also youtube1 base or my Kinship, acquaintance, my category, they come and say, 'Hey sir, write in Hindi, many people will see it, no, my audience is not an audience, who understands English, deliberation, I don't want a pure Hindi audience, those who don't even read English, do n't even understand.  Because if I go for them they are not my audience and will abuse me, they will not benefit. This is a deliberate attempt. This is a very deliberation. Attempt I know the very fact if I can put short thumbnails better thumbnails good determination I under sell it under that so that I want to stick to it I don't want to be you know Maheshwari sir and others are sitting with 3 crores of YouTube and Even 3 lakh views don't come, this is how it happens, you add people, add them, then there is no benefit to them, organic growth, slow growth, useful people.  Because you are also as good as your subscriber's intelligence, how is the intelligence of your followers, that is your brand image, look at Salman Khan's followers, he has some programs of a different level, look at Shahrukh's, he will get a different base, you are right, everyone is different -  Everyone will look different because they associate with those things. Rajini fans will have their own attitude. Everyone's matter will be different. Everyone's matter.  Yours may be different. Okay, I have told my cook that I will give Rs. 00 if you do not ring the bell, but he does not agree, not even Rs. 500. Now today he will have to offer Rs. 1000 because I make videos in Abhijeet Murat and this  Abhijeet, I make videos in Murat because I am a bit of an astrologer type of person, so my timing remains like this, ok, no problem, I have lost Rs 500, today I will have to offer Haj, ok please like.  Share this video and get more views. At least cross it with the 10 per cent formula I have given, which will be a great insult to you. Okay, so at least the subscribers of my channel should cross it by more than 10.  So you should watch this, at least it is okay then share, subscribe, further you will get to know very intelligent and good things. Thank you very much.