Hello friends, the topic is very relevant. It is a topic for the Across College Group. This video is for the children of Jayanti and K generation. This video is for the second generation. In a little generation, I will tell you a little bit about the future, who are the children after 1995. Currently, those who are below 28 years of age, we put them in 'S', 'G', the first ones are the millionaires, who are between 81 to 9495 and the ones after that are  He is an ex and is a Millennial, he feels like he is a big fan and right now he has become a boss. Recently why am I making a video, a tweet was going viral in which it was said that he is a boy and not of that generation.  He says, give me a salary of Rs 50 thousand and I will reduce only 5 hours and I will not do it like this, I will make a little fun of it, Uday Elder Generation and many people said no, no, there is some truth in this too, so there is a discussion on this that this  Understand the generation that is I am not following the old people, I am not following the old ones, I first make my personal opinion and tell the question opinion, whose side I am on, it is okay so that it becomes clear in advance, so that if you think that he is 22, he is prejudiced from a non-brother.  Those people say in Body Grind, I am trying to tell this that the next generation has very clearly figured out what they do and what they run, there is no doubt about it here.  This is absolutely correct, but I also, what work, what is God, what is ultimate, what is this correct date, has not been figured out and they are not going to guide them because India should do less, they do want promotion, don't you want promotion at all, how can this happen, they are not able to understand, then they are not getting guidance, but what is wrong with them, please tell them that this path is wrong.  Now right, they do not have the idea of present people like me come and I want you gift, the name of the channel and the people bill give clarity to everybody D Holes Samaj Xanax, those who were born between 65 and 80, now they who struggle with this.  The generation has seen it, if it has not seen it, then the stomach has become Bharat. When the stomach has become Bharat, then that person does not suffer that much. You have to understand one thing basic thing that why do we do what we do when we do it for the sake of money. Yes, yes, we do it for the money, stop it, friend, if you don't get a mother then what will you do when someone's retirement, if he is satisfied with the things he is doing, or if it is less or not so much panic, then his yearning should also be less. Among the big lions, the well-to-do families of the rich, take them or close them, their children are no longer desperate and if they are not of the generation that is desperate then they cannot be made fun of, they have to look towards an achievement. If you are listening to me, then brother, if your children are not desperate, you are panicking about what is above food, clothing and shelter for them, then you feel that either you are the last one or the other person who should have accompanied you is not visible.  Last, everyone wants to go to their own lesson, your destination is different, where your destination is, maybe they are starting from there, you have to understand that many new children who do not have pressure, I also give them the flexibility to become something.  Is  There is also consultation as to what to do, what to do, it was to be settled, now in this matter, it is not the generation which is delaying the marriages, it is the fault of the previous generation more than the new generation because it is said in the society that if such a set is established, then only then the marriage will take place, why? Brother, why can't two uncertain people, who have been brought up by their families, get married? The girl you are raising is alive, the boy has also not gone up, here everyone is living life in this society, so why should you blame him for this?  sail You are taking care of her, tell both of you to join me, now we will support you a little, get married, no, she says there should be a shuttle, she also says if she won't settle, I will have to compromise, so at least settle.  If you can have true sense here, there will be no marriages, this is also a fact, the institution of marriages is also in danger because something has happened and this generation, which is the new generation of our children, after 95, it will become old.  The generation is getting confused because Sunday some of them hold on to them that this is so and these people have released something that these funds are wrong then they do it on them, ok our people are wrong, you tell me then you do this and there is a problem here.  If a person does not want to sell the hours of his life, does not want to sacrifice his life, does not want to work as a slave to someone, then what did you do if you uprooted your job for 25 to 60 years, what did you learn, are you also doing a job?  If you were learning something, then at the age of 25 or 24, you got a job in a company, you worked in an institute, you should have understood everything, how cash flow happens, what are the rules, regulations, supply chain, then you left it in 35-40 years and did something less. You could have done it, you have served for 60 years, so what can I do if you shot me, if I did not do anything to you, then what can a person do to become a teacher, if they don't trust them?  A person who holds a job at the age of 22-23 and works for 60 years is a very average person. Write this story. It's okay, doing a job is not a bad thing, no one is interested in doing a startup, there is no point in doing a job for 10 years, 15 years, 20 years.  Why, it is a wrong thing, it has to be done, it is a situation, it is a compulsion, but even in 20 years, my eyes are not open. Even in 20 years, I am not reaching a place where there is peace by doing something of your own. This generation can find peace by making something of your own. Now she is not ready to listen to you, she says, Dad, what are you doing to me, because of what you are doing, what is the reason, what Dad has done, what the previous generation has done, she is not looking happy with it, if she is 48 air old, Dad does not look happy with his job. In my married life and in my general life, the child silently followed me and started asking, no, this is a great taste of father's, this formula was very good, I will do the same for every son and daughter who is his.  Father did this, wanted to separate her from her, mother did this, what are girls these days, my mother got married at the age of 22, I was going to be born at the age of 24 and she is not happy, she was a housewife, this was this, now I have become something.  I will not do what my mother did because she is not happy, because she has figured out that there is happiness in this matter, no, now I want to move on this matter, I am going, we will discover whether there is happiness there or not.  Will butt on this lesson  So no, they do n't have the same security on this and that's the same I am not listening, you are understanding this point which I am saying, how is this happening, why why is this happening, how children, listen just because of you. Life turned out to be a bit miserable. It was not so miserable that you tell your parents to your children. Son, I too have experienced this but it is more of an attack and we used to actually enjoy it, so when we came to you, we did not even tell.  What kind of fun are there, but today we are telling on record, son, it was a lot of fun, tell me friend Sharma, why are you feeling shy? If it is and if your life was so miserable, if mother lo and you actually did not enjoy it, what do you think?  Then you have to impart the knowledge of rights to your child, not only do you not improve your life but you don't do anything for yourself, so leave him now, I will also give you the bill due to the fact that you are not such a shinde, if he knows then the parents.  If you don't understand then brother, you have to understand such people and such things who see the latest and future trends and things and understand that you have to join. For clarity, this is the channel that you want to take membership of.  For this topic, this is to take things in one direction, to take things conclusively, to choose an interesting sub-topic, to do something, to do a two-hour workshop, to do five topics in it, the wilderness conflict.  It is important to resolve on your parents, just because your parents do n't understand you, why can't you give up on them, also you have to explain, you are a fool, and what did it come when I never had childhood, I will tell on that also that I am not able to explain.  So what is this color, do you know that it is wrong, do you know that those parents are bullying you, you are not told to shout at Shiva, this is also color when n.  The child articulates well in front of the parents. The meaning of articulate is not so difficult. I was not able to remember it in Hindi. Okay, so when you talk rationally to your parents, you probably listen, periods and the parents also listen to the same when you talk rationally. So children will also listen. You are human's children, everyone has a mind, everyone has a mind, then caste will not listen to the things, whenever this is coming from ignorance and it is coming from a sense of note. Using control gives over and the child is having sex, I am controlling the penis, if I do n't agree then it will be taken out of my hands. When there will be discussions on this feeling, then discussion cannot take place. Shakti can come here like me and help in this conflict resolution.  Karte Mera M Here Criticizing the parents and criticizing the children is useless. It is useless to say to a generation that we were great, it is not. Every successive generation of human beings has proof that you should be butter.  Previous one And if it is not there, then it is okay, then the previous generation has fielded humanity, otherwise we would still be in the category of apes and monkeys. They have improved gradually over the last so many thousands of years, so don't give up on your next one. Generation and then he is running our very intelligent and intelligent Chetan Jag's bawdibuch, he has also got 1 crore subscribers, now he is fine. Now they will fool so many more people that a lot of big things have to be done to save us in the earth. The biggest thing in the earth is that the earth has considered itself a child. We have to save ourselves and you are the only ones who cannot give birth to children then children.  You will say that Earth is a child, Venus is also a child, March is also a child, Mercury is also a child, one can go there and cry, there is nothing there, those planets will keep roaming there, so many planets are roaming in the entire universe. Like our round here too  The one who is also roaming around, whether you will save yourself or not, then when you give birth to children, no one will do it, he will just raise his children and is not going to give clarity, he is going to motivate, he is going to provoke, he is going to say alum, have you read this?  Everyone is going to do I think note it is correct okay how did you like tell the video don't give up on this news generation they are the smartest one and they are so smart that to understand them you will also have to be smart if you  So no, you are a stepwell, nothing is ok, hundred percent sir, then learn it, talk to them, wish for them, they definitely need guidance and the previous generation has their wisdom and experience and knowledge of what technology they have, their courage and their survivability.  The one who is sure that even if money comes, one has to enjoy, one has to relax, one has to make oneself happy, one has to think about the streak of independence that is inside.  If there is a mix then our country and humanity will go ahead and there are 140 crore people in our country and the generation I am talking about is born after 1994, it is very much, even if you look at it in percentage, it is 35-40% instead of 50%.  If they are close then do n't take them in the majority because if you trouble them on more stages and then don't do anything then the society and the country will not know what to do.   If you have not subscribed to the channel, then subscribe yet. Do you want to take membership? What is the cream that in your 6-8 months membership, peace and money will flood in your life, whatever you have is fine, it will flood and the date is de claimed. If you  If you want to take it then you can take it. You will get to do workshops and seconds in it. There is some old recording material that you will get to see. You can try membership. Thank you very much.