Hello friends, very simple and good topic, children of big cities and government jobs, I have not yet covered this aspect on government jobs, I have covered different aspects on this, children of big cities should not do government jobs, this is the message of it.  The reason I am telling this is because many people are coming to me for consultation. To get a government job, you need an exam. If you have a particular kind of intelligence and hard work, then anyone can crack the exam, even in small towns.  Big cities don't have that much of it, but the children of big cities are not happy. This is the message. They are not able to live in government jobs. A child from Gurgaon, who studied in schools here, cannot be happy in Fatehabad in Jind by going to Haryana Government. I am telling you that you should check the same thing in your provinces. If you come from a small town, a small town or a small village, then it is okay. Take a government job and that is the same.  If you stay in the house, you will get more respect and the nuisance is also more because the whole system works in such a way that my work gets done. My child is inside it, so you will get the feeling of being in a big house even in a big house. Now I will tell you about the few who are rich.  Are you upper middle class or middle middle class? Their children are also not happy in government jobs because they cannot directly affect their families. You are employed in Chennai and are residents of Haryana. What good will you do in any bank?  Banks have gone to PSU. I had made a video on PSU once before. Please only people from small towns should join PSU banks because there are postings at such places that all means of transport will be used for your mule to reach many banks. Means of Modes of Transport is read in first class and second class that this is the ship, below the ship is the train, below the train is the car, then there is the bus, then there is tractor, then there is tempo, then there is Vikram, then there is scooter, then there is that.  If there is a bicycle and then there is a mule, then they will go till that level and then they will be very sad and then they will not see any progress in life. Many people 's wives are not able to work because they are in government jobs because they keep roaming around.  You can easily become a DPS teacher for Rs 50,000. If you are living in a big city, you can make Rs 50,000. PRT, PGT, GJT, PJT get more money, but I am telling you about an average salary.  If you are happy then you also do your work, if you have a house in a big city, then you do not need to go anywhere and do jobs in small cities. Bypassing it is not worth it, the money is so much, it will not be fun.  You will not be able to get those things. Yes, there is security of job, but there is no security of place. Today here, tomorrow there, you will have to stay away from your wife. How many people do you know who are watching this video and are already ready in this situation? Please comment.  Write in the section so that those who are trying to enter into this situation and belong to that big city or upper middle class, do not get trapped in any kind of government job.  Those who are trapped in government jobs will not get the sense of perceived respect in the times to come. Many people feel the pain of someone whose tomorrow is theirs, I am removing this thing from them, then they will say what nonsense are you saying like this.  Don't do it, I mean, they are feeling pain because they feel that they might get influenced by my words. I can neither increase nor decrease the respect of a government employee, I am a commentator and an observer of whatever is happening in the society.  I can tell by looking at Aankhon Dekha condition, All India Radio guy Aankhon Dekha condition, Aankhon Dekha condition, this is today's day and that in the future and you will see that people who will come in to the government jobs will not get that.  Kind of social status which they have been enjoying for a very long time till now and if you happen to belong to a family with decent income and happen to stay in big city in good schools then you can get a government job from where you have studied. Your children will not benefit in this. You would like the athletes to study in the same schools where you studied. If not better, you will not get that opportunity.  The wife is not going to get the opportunity to work, you are not going to get the opportunity to grow, invest somewhere, monitor, build a house, nothing is going to happen and from here to here, posting from Etawah will happen, it will become Mirzapur and then from there.  You are going somewhere in Supaul district, somewhere in Bihar, you are going in Motihari, you did not sacrifice anything and did not keep anything, if you were from a big city or from a small one, then you are used to it, then you People from small towns are completely impressed, they know how to make nonsense, nuisance and domineering, make their own reels, show off all the charm, they will get the taste, but their taste is also going away in seven-eight years.  The fact is that even those who are coming from small towns are getting ready for 10 years in a government job. Long means they have had too much time and those who are coming from big cities are getting ready within two years.  Then what is the problem after two years, I am not getting free because this is a government job, it is like riding a tiger, you can ride it, it is fun, but I feel scared while getting down, it seems that if I get eaten, then she would be free. Not even because it is achieved with so much hard work and so much sense of achievement. The first time a government servant will ever tell his family, friends and anyone that I want to leave the job, the first reaction of the whole world is crazy, what a crazy person.  Will everyone get this reaction? Are you crazy because friend, the world is there, if you are leaving then you are leaving, I am the first one to say, don't join, you can do 10 thousand things in a big city, if your base is setup, you do n't have to rent.  There is a lot of opportunity to be given, there is a government job, please leave the jobs for those who are poor, backward section of our society, if your family has become above one level, then do not make a big deal about it, nor will people treat me like that.  Including those people who will get the opportunity. Suppose, 5000 people did not get government job because of my video and if 5000 government jobs were given to a poor family, then this poor family is not going to clap for me. I also know what nonsense he is talking, that is, because.  They want that feeling. I am not going to get that feeling. I am also telling you that until you guys see this message of the country and that game of yours comes into your hands.  It has become raw. Yours has become raw. In childhood, we used to play. Those who remember, it is sure that it is raw, they will understand what I am trying to say. When a small child used to do it, he used to feel like he had something in his hand, there was nothing in his hand.  Big people used to play, now this is the life of a government servant in government jobs, he feels that he does n't know whether he will change the country, he will do nothing, brother, he cannot change anything, a government servant cannot change the paint of his house, his office, his office chair. His pen cannot be changed  The stand is there, it cannot be changed, the printer is there, it cannot be changed, this is the reality, the change is happening at the level of the politician only, the government servant is a very servant type of person, no one will come and tell you openly, how can the government servant tell his insult?  Who will do it, no one will do it, there is no benefit for me in coming like me, but what is my job, every one or two months I feel like doing it, now Saniyal ji is advisor to PM, he has also made some such videos etc. I have been making this for a long time that do not waste time in a government job. I feel that one day, in the coming time, within a year, government servants will be told that officers of official tie-up will come like this and  They will say that ours is a rubbish job, don't worry, this is what the politician above will say so that this one who has created so much ruckus, is n't this job a government job, a high job with high reservation or a little less, by playing background music that she is getting down from the car, Tata  It is happening to them that their father is doing the same, one day he himself will come and tell you the dark truth or no, it is very tough and don't waste your time, but this is not told to him too, this is also a matter of trouble because how did he say it? Spent my entire life and then you will say that whatever we have reached here is completely meaningless. Brother, even saying that, I know that it is not easy. I understand the pain of them but then I Be people like me, independent, come and tell, that brother, you have openly told the right thing, it is ghar ka thara, which is called in the native language of Hariyani, Bhai Thara bat is the right thing, don't you understand, I am trying to address my this thing.  Core audience Haryana people, whose words are fine, brother, clap, it's not worth it, it's not worth it, they will say no, no no, what do you know, they will take bribe from me.  I am not sitting in Switzerland, I am sitting here telling you that it is not worth it. I say that the one who takes a government job in 2024 will do it till 2060. If my brother is 24 years old then he will do it till 2060. Okay, so it is worth it.  This is not the direction in which we are going. You will get stuck and will not be anywhere. Go and ask the government servants who are related to you.  You will have service for 12-14 years. Ask him, brother, are you liking it or not? If he says he is liking it, you will find five such people who can speak anywhere, five people are in government service for more than 10 years.  It should be 1 year or 2 years, then the taste comes, there is a honeymoon period, above that 10 years, if you say five then do five, you will not get three, you will not even get two, you will get one, you will get one who enjoys half.  It will go somewhere or the other, it will not be found, I am telling you this, please check and watch, like the video, share, thank you very much.