Come ok good evening to all of you Saturday 25th November my intro class will start the actual course will start on the third may be third December or whatever Sunday is most like that timing we will see I have not told anyone yet in the happiness course  There was no question that what is it, just a happiness course, a happiness course and many people have already taken it. Many people have taken it just because they do n't know what it is, they will see which one. It is very good because those people who took it without knowing i.e. very high Jupiter sat with Good Jupiter because when Jupiter becomes high then the Guru element increases then all of them will do very well, they have not yet tasted it.  I think I do n't know how many 400 500 people probably have taken it, now I have the slots, now you are listening, I still have the slots, you can take it, okay so many people  I have already taken this one, it is fine and I have not told it to anyone yet because I am telling it for the first time and also in this one also I am not going to tell it all, it is fine, I mean there is a lot of content, I am in a thick way. I am going to explain, understand this one carefully, you will just listen to it, and even if you don't take the course, you will still learn something, time will not be wasted. Okay, first thing, the course is of 00, five classes are of two hours, five of six, seven, eight.  It may not be four, it may be more.  There may be classes with query sessions in between, then in between I will do something to make you a consultant, like I will also do role play in it, when we will cover a topic, then you will ask like this, Guruji, I have such a problem.  Then I will give you an example of how to monetize that knowledge. This is so that you can become a consultant. Don't ask now how will clients come to me, if I am telling you first to open a tea stall.  Do n't ask, no no, who will come to drink tea, when he comes to drink, then I will bring the cart, then I will bring milk, then I will bring leaves, then he will keep waiting, first you will have to get the tea cart, you will have to bring tea leaves, then you will have to bring milk.  You will stand up, India's blue ocean opportunity is 145 crores, do something in India, there is no dearth of men, do something, tell me any work will do, it is a matter of respect.  There is a lot of requirement for raita, it has spread to many people in life, how to limit this raita, first you will listen to your raita, you will understand how much my raita has spread, then you will know why raita has spread, then you will know how this raita can be corrected.  Then we will know if this raita of life does not spread again, what are the precautions like this, how many people have been affected by this, as much as I have covered so far, if you are getting some excitement and fun, then you can write MG. Hope is the weekend, next 15-20 minutes, you guys have no tension, tell me quickly, give me the degree and just stay with the calm man, the relaxed man, okay, winter time is coming in life, in winter, I always teach you, I am very good.  We will have fun in the morning, we will do it in the evening, we will see that reading inside the quilt is different, we have to do it on Saturday, we will decide when we will enter it, you people have not bought it yet, those who have bought it have their introduction. In the class we will decide that tomorrow at 7:00 it is okay and we will do it in the middle also and when I said five sessions, I will do 15, there is no problem in more of them, it is okay and it may be more because that is what it is. Things like this, now I teach you people very intelligent things, you participate with me, whatever age you are in life and whoever you are, be it government, some corporate, some business, some student, some educated.  It is written, some are more, some are less, some are rich, some are more rich, some have investments, the house is well maintained, the wife is beautiful, the wife is less beautiful, the wife is good, the husband is bad, the husband is one child, there are two children, there is discord in life, father-in-law is discord, mother-in-law is  It's about parents, it's stomach ache, boss is dirty, good or bad, narcissistic people, it's not there, in whatever situation you guys, brothers and sisters, you write in yes and no, that's why you take some action in life.  That  Have you reached the place, write yes and no, whatever action you have taken, till date, the 35 year old, the 35 year old, the 40 year old, it is okay, yes, have you, yes, it is okay, okay yes, please tell me this thing to all. All the yeses and noes, all the yeses, Acharya Prashant, who is joining? Those with intelligence, wisdom and consciousness are not joining, are those in IT or are anyone enjoying? My Acharya Prashant and I are the opposite of the  Same coin, I will explain that also today, okay, it is very interesting, let me explain, in all our actions, everyone has written yes. Okay, someone is not that, okay, everyone has written yes. Now understand carefully whatever action we take in life. Like I have to eat chickpeas tomorrow, I have to eat whole chickpeas, I should eat oily things on Saturday, don't eat it on Sunday, if my stomach is upset, if I have to eat chickpeas instead of whole chickpeas, then I have to soak the chickpeas at night because what action to take?  If I have to eat chickpeas then today the thought will come in my mind that if I have to eat chickpeas then whatever actions we do now all stop now now I have to write in agree and disagree if what ever I say if you agree type A if you disagree  Type D What Ever Action We Do I'm Not Talking of Accidents Accidents Nobody Wants Nobody Thicks Okay But What Ever Action We Want in Ours Life which we have done has been thought by us then only done Do you agree with this type A if you disagree with this type D This is the basic thing that brother, I have to do anything, if I have to give the IIT exam, then In my mind I will think, am I right or mine, I have to do a job in a corporate, I have to do a government job, I have to marry this white girl, I have to marry a black girl, I have to marry a beautiful one, I have to marry a good natured one, I have to get rich.  I have to do anything with the poor, I have to do any kind of action in life, so my thoughts are there, my thoughts are very good, okay, very nice, very nice, okay, very nice, okay, so now understand carefully, it is a great thing.  This is the abstract thing of knowledge that is coming, this is the truth of our life, the situation in which we are, this is whatever situation you are in today, brothers and sisters, listen carefully, this is yours and the situation that you are in.  Know your status according to money, according to relationships, according to job, according to knowledge, whatever can happen in human existence, your situation is this, you reached this situation because of this action, you took this action, these actions  Because of these thoughts, brothers and sisters, you came to this situation, you took these actions, because of these thoughts, because of these thoughts, these were actions, you reached here, but brothers Sisters, now I want to ask you, what are your thoughts, where did they come from, where did they come from, thoughts come from feeling emotions, first of all comes an emotion, we all know emotion, etc. There are different types of anger, fear, greed, jealousy, envy and English, English felt.  Take your greed, lust, all this is made up in English, I don't know it, you know what feeling is, that feeling is not in our control, that feeling can be manipulated. Feelingless, after that the passion ended, I am passionate about this, it was a feeling, which gave me a thought, which made me take action, which brought me to this, but this feeling itself has changed, now I am understanding something, now those who understand, link  Gaya S, write those who felt like it, write M, I will tell you more clearly, there is nothing to be shy about, not everyone is the same and if you have understood the fear then write it, many have understood it, any one has understood it MMO Jamo is not the one, there are two or three people, the rest are able to understand the maximum, now let me tell you again, I want to tell you that your feeling can be manipulated, son, it is my dream, you will become an IS, that's it.  I told you, I have got your feeling, I want to make my father proud, I want to become an ice, daughter, we have not had a son, you are our son, now you have to do it, you only have to do it, this manipulation is going on in our country.  Indians Are the Biggest Manipulators and Hippocritus' Why We Are One of the Most Unhappy People on This Earth Despair is here, mountains are here, deserts are rivers, fertile everything is here, weather is good, sun rises but still we are midges and those countries are nomadic.  Which countries speak Nordic countries Norway Finland Denmark Six months the sun does not set there In many places it means the sun does not rise Those top three In the top five, this clarity has to be achieved first in life. Yes, it is so simple, that knowledge is in your face, all of it is shown on your mouth too, but you do not understand, number one in speaking sermons is our country that you can do it to you. You should do this yourself, no one does it yourself, everyone is sharing the knowledge, so I will tell you one such thing which will make you understand something in life. If you have understood this thing that I told you now, then type yes and that now.  Even if you don't understand  No, what I have linked up is this feelingless action with action, the result is yours, so this result that you are sitting on is not you, it is someone else, understand this thing, then when you do not like this thing. You have to reach this level of feeling, that is my first class emotions, you have to understand the emotions, you have understood, everyone has understood, still he is a human being, it is okay if he does not take the name, otherwise he will feel bad, okay, there are one or two, who did not even understand this, then  I will try after that  Then let me tell you one thing that those who study from me keep teaching, you know that I humiliate, it is okay that the job of a Guru is to humiliate but not to suppress but to lift up, that feeling is one on one.  Student and Guru feel inferior. If you actually feel inferior, then you cannot study and learn from me, then I will do that work inferior because what is the point now, even after completing the hard work, if it is not there then it will be no.  Then you will have to listen to that dialogue of I will kill Jalalat, whose last attempt is still no. Now listen to what I am saying, brothers and sisters, listen carefully. Whatever you want in life, you can get it with hard work, with wisdom, with patience, with guidance. You can get whatever you want, you need a car, you need a bungalow, you need money, you need a beautiful girl, you want a rich father-in-law, you want yourself, if you want anything in life then it will be fine, but what do you want in life, you don't want it.  Can I repeat again, you can get whatever you want in life, you can get it, but what you want in life, you can't want it, I want what I want wherever I am born, what will come, you can't want it, now whose understanding is it  If I have understood then write yes and if you still do n't understand then write no and whoever enjoyed it and became PP then write PP. Brother, this is a very big thing, I don't want to waste this knowledge by writing it in books. money  I will teach you in the course, not me, publish the book and I want the knowledge to be yours and then because I have written the book, the knowledge will be in my name, the plague will stop, if you cannot earn your living, then I will tell you just like this. Give me money and sell that knowledge in your own words. Who said that my Sandeep Maheshwari is selling me? All the big names, etc., who have made all these things are cheap, they don't even give me credit nor would they have given money, so I say that I am a common man.  Don't make me this much  Wise man, did you understand it at the right time or is there still a no because right now there is no no, write a no because even if you want to insult me, it will give me a stomach ache, hit me with dialogues, just say it now, manipulate if you want. That desire is there, it is feeling, it is emotion, one thing, tell me, one thing is no, yes, now five or six people have said it, you still don't understand, so brothers and sisters, those who still haven't understood, then listen, I can explain it to you. Can't understand it for you You understand I can explain things to you I can't understand You have to see because those who did not understand what I said do not have to take this course, still I will talk for 10 more minutes Okay okay what to cover  If I have to tell you then this is a prelude, so see friend, many people have given it, many have given it, but brother, those who are not able to understand, you have not even understood those things, if you are understanding then don't waste. Do it because I can explain to you, I cannot understand, it is okay for you because now the Indian education system is such that those deep things like higher order thinking are not told, higher order thinking is nothing, whatever I am talking about, I am mostly you all first.  We do fear thinking, we do it for a few seconds, I take people to the fourth order, I myself try to order it, how is the brain's curd in this, understand what is an order, whatever is happening, it has an effect.  Would  This is the first fear thinking. This is the first order thinking. This is the first order thinking that if we slow down the pitch of Ahmedabad, we will win. We will spin. This is the first order thinking. This is the second order thinking that if we slow down the pitch then we will win.  The fast bowlers were doing well and if our toss is not under our control then what will happen then it came to light that Kamas won the toss and put us into bat but in last 2011 Saghkara won the toss.  Had he taken the batting, dew had come at Wankhede, the World Cup had been won, Dhoni had rotated it to 275 runs, this time too it would be like this but it did not happen this time because this time he was in command, he had the idea of ​​what was happening.  What misbehavior would it be? How would they have batted first in the entire World Cup? They always did it because of high pressure matches. It is better to bat first, put runs, score and then but then they did. Very smart enough, so if in that situation the people who got scared first, they always died, this is the effect of the effect of the effect of this third order effect of this effect of this effect of this effect is the fourth order because whatever is happening due to that happening.  That which is happening is above that, whatever is happening is above that, so those people who are manipulators, are luminati, when they have to effect this thing then they do this first and then by doing this, this happens.  from this  By doing this, this happens and by doing this, this happens. They wanted this. Most of the people who will be public are crazy booze. Mostly the poor girl sees this because of this, she is never able to link up here or link up.  There are many analysts Guruji who don't know what is needed, so much so that the person gets tired. Those who open these shell companies in foreign countries and do transactions, they do layer upon layer upon layer upon layer of the company.  No matter how much your mind goes to investigate everyone, he gave money to this person, he gave it to him, but he gave it to her, he gave it to her, but his shares were swapped there, it became his, you know that something wrong has happened, you know that someone got it done.  Yes, but its trail becomes a nurse of the mind, but because of the agency, there are countries, there are people with brains like ours and they enter inside it, someone like me or someone from whom someone like me has learned, they will find out that son.  On this onion  It's like you have to go through a lot of things and in the end you don't get much of anything that what happened, so when you have to learn things at this level, because this is happening to you, this happened to your father and mother, no one is doing that to you without knowing it.  I am not doing it but it is happening and people are in a dilemma and are not able to come out of this dilemma. How many people are understanding what I am explaining till now? These are the type of yes, those who got no five or six times, go. can because  Then they are wasting time, if you are not able to understand then it is not necessary because I can keep explaining, I can't understand. Those who have the habit of watching presentation through slides, it is the formula generation of watching formulas, most of the people give formula, shares of something.  If you talk about it, then you will directly ask that friend, tell me only Sher which one to take. If you talk about teaching astrology, then you will say, read my chart, it is okay, read mine, it is okay and anyone else.  Do something, those who have made so much of their life, the person who wants to become a consultant, who wants to earn money, this is the course on how to do that, I will explain further, okay, I will explain further, so this course will consist about I have caught the base of emotions.  Let us first understand them, after that we will understand how job and marriage are linked. Investments are linked. If your marriage is wonderful, you cannot invest even if you are earning money.  Your Marriage is Possible Your Marriage Will Safar Your Marriage Will Safar Job is not going to do well Investment will Safar All ten three things are linked but the problem is coming from emotions and feeling Wife Batmeez Jaaye To Kaise Jeena Hai Wife does not live with parents  How to live, parents are struggling, so how to live, I had just discussed a lot in consultation. Now I just want to know, whoever is listening to me now, whoever is listening to me and she is female then type F and if the male is listening then his female is sitting next to him, she is also F, all of you type F if you  Women are listening to me, any one can type F, the number of women is listening and the woman next to them, do that, the number of women is listening to me, the email is listening to me, I want to tell you everything, a lot of women are listening, and a lot of women. he is bigger and  Only women will answer this question, only women will answer this question, it is okay, if a man will not be able to do it, it is okay for women only, all the females can answer, yes or even mails can do it, okay everyone can answer, this is a big dialogue, isn't it marriage? After this, the girl leaves her house, a big debt, the situation is told by telling the situation yes and no, in North India the society is mostly even in South India, if yes and no type is yes and no then you write. No, no one has written this yet, man, if the girl leaves her home, then the situation is created to give the girl's elder sister to him. Is it weak sex or is it victimization or if the girl leaves her home and comes back, then something like  Oh my God, she is the property of the society, is n't there a place like Sunita Balhara and the world is in front of me, okay, I don't know yet, it might be happening in many places that they don't go to the boy's house, they go to the girl's house the other way, this is the saying.  Isn't it true that when a girl is going to bid farewell, everyone is crying, whether it is false or happy tears or sad tears, I do n't know whether it is okay but tears are definitely coming out, it is written in it on everyone's weddings, okay?  Ok but tell me one thing now if you agree with this then even females will also answer every buddy. Look at everything that happens at 90.  The truth becomes the absolute truth of life, there is nothing, every buddy lives but what ever I am not saying is the truth, then it will give happiness, okay and this absolute truth does not happen by doing anything, but 90 but 95 wrote yes, now Joe  I am the one who speaks, listen to him or her who agrees or disagrees. I tell many women who feel this way that there is a lot of healing in consultation and Awareness also spread, I say madam, it is absolutely right, after marriage, the girl's house is left behind, but madam, if the boy's house is changed, then yours has left only the house, but the boy's house is the same.  Only the people change, this is the true state, if you agree then write A in the statement or if you disagree, then no no, those mom and dad remain the same, they live in the house, no, there is no change, what nonsense are you talking about?  Whether you are agreeing or agreeing, now everyone has started agreeing, now at least one half should disagree, one Annu Dalal did not agree madam, parents change, mother-in-law becomes mother, you become the husband of that woman for many mothers. Who are you? The mother-in-law is speaking. You get separated. The father also gets separated. You are treated like a separate entity. This is really a pain for all the men. Females will not let up.  Females are already there, I am feeling that you are happy, it is okay in disagree, one half is speaking disagree, the rest are speaking agreeable at 90, and the one whose parents are not changing, the one who is not feeling that his parents are not changing, his mid-mable life. Well, I don't know. Not many of you are married. Even the men were young. The worst condition is that of men. Women are given training. How to set up mother-in-law before marriage.  Mother teaches us to do this and the girls themselves are also smart. Boys have no syllabus. The boy's mother says, Son, what should I teach you? I will set this and then she fails. I am talking of 2023. She feels that my mother-in-law has  If you had set it for me, then it will come, should I also set it? What to teach the boy? The boy is not being taught anything, yet people are teaching it to girls. Something goes wrong in a girl's life after marriage.  There are 50 people to cry. You can cry in front of the police, you can cry in front of social media, you can cry in front of friends, you can cry in front of your mother, you can cry in front of your sister, you can cry in front of your brother, you can cry in front of your mother-in-law, you can cry in front of your father-in-law, you can cry in front of your neighbor.  And something miraculous is going on in the boy's life, in the marriage and he has to cry, if he has to go somewhere, then he cannot cry in front of anyone because as soon as he cries, everyone will smile like this, there must be something missing, why are you crying madam, this is the truth of life. man more  Men are committing suicide, women are going through more trauma, women are also suffering pain, I am not taking any side, they are idiots, they are females, they are editing mails, they are people, they are not touching each other, there is no harm but what I am trying to do is this syllabus.  I will tell you that these are the parts of the happiness course to resolve, 'The same thing is the job', now I will add a touch of narcissism to all these things. Husband collides with a narcissist. Mother-in-law collides with a narcissist herself. What are the traits of a narcissist? It comes to light after 20-30 years. Oh, my husband was a narcissist or my parents were also narcissists. I will tell you what would be a good example of a narcissist. And now you tell me what is this trait.  How many of you have felt that I will not tell anyone's name, I will not tell anyone's name, it may be you, it may be your wife, it may be you. Your mother may have been your father. Just visualize the scenario of narcissist parent. There is a function happening. It may be a wedding or a birthday party or it is a public function where you are invited. You are a child. Remember your childhood but childhood trauma is taken care of emotional trauma all.  There will be some healing in this, whether you are a child of six, seven or 10 years, whatever age you are, you are crying. Whatever bad may have happened, the child has a million reasons for crying, he got hurt, he got hit by some child, he fell from the bicycle, he had a food plate, visualize any reason, the child is crying, the mother comes and the father comes and so on.  What ever the parent comes, the parent says be quiet, everyone is watching and listening, why is he doing? The focus of the parent is more on that he is loving me, he is crying, why is he crying rather?  Then actually knowing that friend, what is the meaning of this? Have you encountered this in your life? If you have identified, husband- wife fight can also happen. The husband or the wife has given a lot of trauma to the husband and the husband shouted something else and the husband is getting a little angry. But it is public and the wife is getting this effect more or the husband is getting this effect more that people are watching Let Me Tell You, there are narcissistic people in India.  The percentage is very high. Most of you listening also has a scale from one to 10 and 10 is like ultra narcissist cannot be consoled, repaid and help most of us. I would say okay why would I rate myself from five to six, so many people.  Sitting is a degree, nothing is absolute, one means a very confused person, an alien person who is not even me, and it means too much, there is a gun case, many people are sitting on six or seven, it is okay to see this. Soham Katheria ji, I did not ask about false. I asked respect or identify the situation. Don't identify this situation, it cannot be false or understand it from something like that you got a stone on your foot and you did not feel pain. A man does not feel pain, that means it is not like that. And those who are associated with me, those who understand my things and can answer questions with me and understand that you should not put them in the buffalo, you are in the buffalo with the Guru. Reach somewhere after a while. No, don't add buffalo. It will be a dialogue only. There is something that is true and false. It is asked, it is true and false, it is a thing of true and false, it is a thing like this, it is a phenomenon. You have seen it.  So you identify it as black sun event, they all say that white sun is white, it is white, unless someone has seen black, then brother, there is no black in it, you must have read it, you have read the book Black Sun Event.  Okay, character of a narcissist. Yes, I am not going to tell you that I have a class. I said, five classes, six classes, okay, so now I will do a little more quickly. I, you guys, are not connected with anyone in my thoughts forward, which is still there and some more.  It's a matter of five minutes, 10 minutes, whatever interests you, A2, do it for me now, I will take a water break for a minute, I will drink water, and speaking for about 35 minutes, I will drink water in 30 seconds.  Please, you guys I will drink water, you guys don't write this A2 please do it I won't know anything by typing it then I will give you the link of the poster and you can do the payment and join the course text T A2 They do SHS, okay, okay, many people are doing it here, you can clearly move ahead, what will happen next, many people have written here only, they will not get anything, you will have to do it only by me, what do you mean by this, minimize.  by doing or by doing  You will have to go out, you will have to go to your place and you will have to do A2, I am okay, let's move ahead, how many of you are facing some situation in the job, it means not one half, generally, okay, today I ask you one thing, okay big, I am not sharing the screen right now.  I will do it but you guys will tell me today is 8:1 am now, in the last 12 13 14 hours i.e. from morning till now my claim is that the number of people you are listening to is 365 people.  My claim is on everyone, everyone has something or the other, some hot talk, quarrel, disagreement, irritation, something must have happened. If this statement is true then write T and if it is false then write F. Before writing, think for a second the whole day.  Any clash, from parking to boss to wife to house to maid, has happened with everyone, so the type tree is fine, the one with falls, I can tell you how much is there, there has been a lot of frustration, that's why.  Have you done the timing today? I am also Guruji, I am an astrologer, okay, one is Ayush Pacholi, only one is right who is saying no, one is Anshul who is saying no, the rest one is Sharma, one is Namyachi, the rest are writing true and all the others are false.  You are writing that maybe someone may have got frustrated with them. You are understanding. They are the people who will not accept it. It is okay if you feel frustrated today then someone must have done it. Now let me ask the person who did it.  I, that is good for me, it is fine, so brother, you must have done it, today is Dwadashi, the date is Dwadashi, there is energy on the day of Dwadashi, I am telling you, okay, so yes, I will teach everything in Happiness, I will not teach astrology, it is not astrology, it is about astrology.  There are different classes, okay, when it came to happiness, when I told you, it turned out to be true at 90, it was 995 today, that's why look, it's your timing, is n't it yours today?  Feeling frustrated, stick happiness in the evening. If you put water in front of a person who is thirsty, he will definitely be sold. I will also teach you marketing and sales. By now you all must have realized that first tell me if my sales and marketing is good then type G.  If it is average then A is not perfect then it is not giving you the choice. If you like average then it is A and if you like good then it should be normal. Okay and I teach this and also give consultation on this. I also give consultation to people on this, people have to do timing with the day and what happens in you are an astrologer, it helps you really know the emotions you really know, okay, okay, so no one said average, in this one.  I have 100, someone has also written excellent, very good athlete, so you have to release that I will teach you this also Baba, there are people like I was. Discussing something, I am not getting irritated with my love Mukesh Ambani, I have opened five six channels, people are getting irritated, hey, you earn money, you do this, you sell courses, hey, you also learn, but come, get robbed or learn.  If you loot a mine in this country, then which one is 25 Hajj and the same amount, I have 15000 people in it, 25 30 50 60 and they are also good, I do not say anything bad about anyone. Not for anyone, I don't say that even a course of Rs 2 lakh is bad, it will be fine for someone, I too, but I say that mine is gold, mine is a bagger, it is a bagger, it depends on you, so we don't get a job.  We will also discuss in this course: From emotions to jobs to marriage and after marriage to investment and women, you have to attend to the woman in your life, your husband. Both husband and wife need to.  Attendees who are going to get married, who is unmarried, type U, who is married, type M so that I can get a little idea, unmarried, type U, ok, married, do M, if M sounds more, M is more, so brother, wife.  Yours will come and the unmarried one is unmarried, brother, it is okay to join with one of your parents, otherwise it is okay to live alone and the unmarried will benefit the most. I am going to say whether you yes or no.  It is okay to tell me that I am married, I am feeling okay at 60, 65 and 35. The one who is at 35 is unmarried, but the unmarried will also get a lot of benefit, only the married will be able to reply, the unmarried will not be able to. You can tell me the number of people who are married.  Here, answer those questions which have happened, which was your wedding function, which is called wedding, not marriage, it starts after the wedding, which wedding took place.  Your function was held, that is, the function of your marriage, the person you were married to, the discussion about that function continued for one, two or three years after the marriage. In how many people's life is this happening and in how many is it happening right now? So, there was no discussion between Veri ID and Jinke as to what was given or taken, whether there was respect, what food was there, whether the cheese was bad, was it okay, who gave the money for the mare, there was no conversation about the garland, so many things were resolved.  If it has happened, then tell me, nothing happened to us, Guruji, and you people are writing all the IDs, you are writing very IDs, one is saying that we are talking after 25-30 years, so yes, this is what I have to teach you, this is what I will tell you, it will be fun. So that this does not happen and now I will tell you how to close it, I will also tell many parents, many people are getting the idea, it is good and I am all taking this because I want to.  No no, my topics, the people who have invested money on me without even asking me, what am I going to do, so at least look at this, my topics are popular, so for you guys, this is not a free session for me ever in life.  No one is free, I do not do any work for free, even in this one, I am using you guys so that brother, I am getting to know that my topic is right, my words are right, my observation is correct, now one more thing.  let's do one more thing How many parents here? You too can be that parent or your parents, depending on the judge, make you feel guilty in life that brother, we have done so much, made so many sacrifices, done so much and they just keep telling us how many types of parents there are.  Yes, how many types are there? Yes, let's do a little, tell us to do more, what to do every day, brothers and sisters, do you want to get rid of this life, do you want to join tomorrow's happiness like this, curse the night by doing like this  Long ago, I have not watched TV for many years, but once upon a time, this Zee TV, this TV, used to come on at 11 o'clock, I had pain in my knees, then I went like this, I was so fat, then I got this, then I became thin.  It is done and this is a belt worth this much, but today it is available for this much, but if you buy it now, then how many have seen that D, Type S, who have seen that D, Type AD, have you ever seen that D that comes at night in your life?  oily knee pain  My hair has fallen out, I had become bald, then I got this and then I had this, then I became fat and suddenly I got this. Englishmen used to come, used to say something from behind. There were products, don't they come these days? Do they come to me?  It seems that I am the same but he used to feel very good after listening to me. Okay, and one by one I will tell one more person who was the strongest in marketing and on whom I always used to buy something and always I  I used to get whipped at home. Okay go.  I used to be made fun of in my house, it has been many years, I mean many years ago, it is thousands of years ago, when I used to travel by bus, okay and being young, I was even younger, just think about it.  It was quite short, okay, it was more time than childhood, it was less than youth, okay, there were only a few years in between, I think it was only a period of three to four years when I used to travel by bus to go anywhere, so at that time  No person ever boarded the bus at the stop  He used to come like this, come say hello like this, he used to have a comb, he had a pen, there were four colors in the pen, then he used to say, there was a medicine for knee pain, then he used to say something like this and this is like this It used to be colorful with five-seven things and I used to try it like this and he used to say by doing this much like this and I just give this to me too, how much are these and if you buy these four, then it is not worth 100, not 50, not so much. And me  I would always go after shopping and then every time my family members would ask me what did I buy today, tell me okay, I don't know what pill you have taken, it will become like this and I used to go like I don't know, immediately someone will give it to someone else to see for you.  I brought this for your knee pain, is there any oil with dirty bass, has anyone ever opened it and thrown it all nonsense and it is such that I am repeated, I use to get fooled and I don't know what every time I sit in the bus, the product is also different.  I used to meet their butts then I learned from them that they give me. No one bought it. I used to see that everyone is eating their corn, some are drinking their water, some are drinking juice, some are looking here and there.  Looking on the other side, one was listening, everyone was taking interest, everyone was listening, I was buying, okay, I have bought a lot, then I don't know what I have learned, I have learned something from it, the work is going well for me, it is okay, I have learned one thing.  Always you know instead of because I was food and why I was fed because I never required that thing but those things were sold to me and things that I never required but he was shown that man this is a very good thing so  I Learned an Anti-Thesis to It You Never Sell Things to People Who Don't Require It's Like They Say in the Market  Why would selling a comb to a bald person disgust him? Once you tell him to make you itch, if you can't release the itch with a comb, it can be done with a stick or even with a pen. Giving will disgust you, so never tell him to sell anything to you.  Anybody who does not have a requirement in his life, so when I come genuinely, I bring those things and only then the thing hits which people genuinely identify, see this.  Without me, people conduct many of their own workshops. You must have seen many courses and webinars. They get engrossed in the conversation. None of you are speaking. Only I am speaking. The voice is quiet but everyone is enjoying. I am getting feedback.  And I made codes and my job is to enjoy, to do more, to do more ID, and in Yes Agri, yes Agri, but on Pa 10, there will always be those who will not enjoy, those who will not do Agri, you have to learn all these things, I have some things.  I will directly teach you some things, learn ternate, my last class will be food for the soul, that's what we are here, if someone is doing something, accept it, then what kind of food are you giving to the body, then we keep giving it the opposite.  But what should we make him consume? So I will talk about food, I will also talk about things. This will be the last class. Investment will be discussed very strongly because everyone wants money. Do people have no idea about investments?  The same five things in life: Real Estate, Stock Market, Mutual Funds, Gold, Bund, Physical, if you go somewhere sexier, then Crypto Currency or your Bitcoin, if you go to too much of something, Antique Furniture, Paintings, if someone else goes, then deal in 6 or 68 things.  I have a lot, but I am going to tell you the code behind it. I will reveal the investment and the code to you that brother, listen, mutual fund has an expense ratio of one and a half per 35 years.  You invested, if it was to become one crore rupees, then you will be given 30, 35, 40 lakh commission. Do you know anyone? Only then buy ETF from mutual fund, my friends, not of gold, sorry, not of gold, normal which comes in Nifty 50 and Nifty 100.  It's nifty, what did I tell you, it is not for free, I am taking something from you people, I am taking something, so I am giving, this is what I am giving today itself.  I am giving it now so that I know that not everyone will take the course but if they give 50 minutes of their life with me then I will not let it go waste. Guruji Bhai, if you come, you will definitely take Prasad, brother, the day your Sensex is in Nifty Red.  On that day, hold one of your ETFs, whether you want to hold Nifty 50 or whatever index you want to hold, Nifty 100, Nifty 150, midcap or whatever.  You invest in it, if you have Rs. 0000 per month to invest, then brothers and sisters, how many trading days are there in a month? Approximate so that I feel that there are some stock market people too, somewhere it turns out that all are mother-in-laws because I am  I am going to give all the details here, some are saying 22 days, some are saying 21, let's take 20 days friend, Holi Diwali, after taking all this out, 20 days is ok, now you will get it in 20 days.  If you want to invest, then in 20 days the market will be up and down also, that is, they say green, they say red, it can be red for five days, it can be red for 10 days, it can be green for 10 days, it can be red for two days.  If the stock is to be put on the same day it is red then it is 500 then if you have to put it for 20 days then the average will be of one day. If your average is Rs 00 then if the market is red on the first day then put two and a half on the second and third day.  If it was green on the first day then you did not put it then Rs 7500 on the fourth day if it was red because it was not put for two days then you invest in this way for 10-20 years. My Trident test technique has terrible returns. I do not have the habit of showing the results as it is Excel.  Just show me how much I can't beat, then what is it then, that is, it has become a show off, anyone can do such tricks, okay, these techniques are the cheapest because in exchange traded funds, 01  There is an expense of 2% which is charged and the rest is not your holding charge because if you have taken shares in de mat then no one is holding it, he charges Rs 400,500,600 for maintenance and whatever happens just in the mutual fund. If you put one crore rupees, he will take one lakh and a half lakh rupees. Now brother, that guy is also buying from the same 300, 400, 500 companies.  And how many active mutual funds have outperformed ETFs over 10 years? If you tell the market, if you have done so, then keep taking them out again and again, keep showing the performance in two-three years. How much has done so much, no one does this much.  If you see the investment of 40 years, you will be beaten fiercely, but no one will tell you even this small thing. Kolappa Tata, is it Rahul Gandhi's right, Tata, bye bye, it's just someone's listening, this is all the channel is. Finally, now I am going to open an investment channel as well, if you guys bless me, okay, I am going to open a finance channel. How many of you want me to open a finance channel? Type F or tell me friend, that's enough, don't listen, okay?  Type too much, otherwise, whatever I tell, no one will tell, brother, and I don't tell anyone like this, I never speak even though I am speaking on recording, I am not a moral science teacher, I am not a social great man, I don't want to. You  Respect me morally, I want you to respect my intelligence and wisdom, I don't want to respect these useless high morals, I am a person of low morals, I am not forced to go into morality, this is why I will open your notes in the happiness course.  How to ask for money and ask for it as per your right and whoever asks gets it, if he gets it as per his wish, then I will open a channel, it will be the best channel, there will be less subscribers. Not everyone understood and not everyone understood, if I tell you just this much, then what happened in the whole time, let me tell you about the emotions throughout the time. Emotions are very important for investment. Those whose emotions are somewhat under control, a few are under control.  So don't you get some control, tell me that money, otherwise these candle stick patterns, all these terms you use, all this nonsense, how do future option people make this, I am op  I will tell you on the channel how to make Morak by putting it on groups, okay so now brothers and sisters, how many of you are interested in joining this happiness course starts tomorrow so type here and also so that I can get slots because I have a lot of slots.  It is not creating any FOMO at all, this is the only mercury left, there is not much left, it is in hundreds now but it is possible that it will be filled by tomorrow, this is also possible because this recording is also being released.  I don't know if it will be released somewhere, there are a lot of fans, okay, you are listening live, so whoever joins H2, here I am getting it written for myself, otherwise at 7 PM tomorrow, after that we will decide the time.  I will make sure that it is okay for you to make it and it is okay, the class duration will be of two hours, see friend, it will be of two hours, if it becomes two and a half, then I don't know, recording will be available on your life time only, get it done. Recording, making your content, making it on your page, making your content, consultation, I will teach you that too, I will teach you that too, because what people say, will increase confidence, will teach you communication skills, oh brother, I will do that, can you teach me how to cook, you train all the waiters.  If there are waiters then anyone can come. Food is prepared in the kitchen. If it is good then people will stand in line and take it. Content is the king. Do n't know what to say, you will get confidence. What confidence will you get if you send a child on the stage to speak? Friend, it means there should be content, there should be content, then even if you bring the truth, people will still listen. Even if you are dumb, people will listen. Even if you are not sexy, people will listen if they are getting benefited. Market is not content, people are teaching everything superficially, it has no meaning. Communication should be done like this. You should look in the eyes and then you should talk like this.  Here you should listen to people, I don't listen so I don't let anyone speak, I have been speaking for an hour, 335 people are listening, so isn't communication happening? I am also selling goods, I am also communicating, you also listen.  What could be better than this, luck and should listen to anybody, this fool is made so that you keep listening and you keep buying goods and you should never put your mind to this side. No one trains you to come, you are trained to always remain the same, you remain the same, tell me, here we are, you have to be a good liner, I should be a good liner, he is quarreling with me, not showing patience, do anything.  Remove it immediately friend, do n't even talk to him, say that you have got only one life for patience, only time is short, those who tolerate nuisance do not have patience, I will teach you the most about who lives the most under stress. If there is a dish of stress in life then let me tell you an interesting thing. Stress which is there, do n't you understand, is a vegetable, a disease which is caused by stress, any disease, now that disease has to happen in life, it has to happen due to stress, but who is more susceptible?  Like you must have seen earlier when that food or any dish is prepared, you must have seen it on TV on YouTube, you are listening at the age of 2, you are listening at the age of 30, you are listening at the age of 35, the disease has not come yet, but when will it come?  45 50 55 60 But first I will tell you that brother, you have bay leaves and cheese and this dish of yours is going to be cooked, so you have to throw those ingredients. How many of you are people pleasers from your life. People Pleaser Type PP is the short form of Power Punch but here if it is People Pleaser then type it or you have a wife who is under stress or someone of yours, brother, how many people have you gone like this?  Those who are judgmental themselves and the most judgmental fear is that someone is judging them. Now it's like I am judgmental at all, otherwise I do n't care who is judging me. Even today, I am on record as if I am judgmental.  Was working with my brother and some buddy said, this is his father, he was as old as my brother and half a year younger to touch his hair, black hair is fine, all my hair is white, so anyone would have made me a father on the basis of hair, but I  Still, black people don't do it, okay, so how many of you can be like this, I have gone to hell, I have to earn the money of white people too, if someone thinks I am old, then what if my wife knows how much I am, I have to earn money from some other woman. People troll people despite having white hair. Some insult people with black hair. No one will listen to them. So it is their virtue. They eat their bread. How many people are there who can strengthen theirs like this? your sleep  Cald weekens market, so they will not say to call it a skin skin, it will be that you will go ahead, you will go away, all these things are left, you are the time you finish this course I am, I am very much in your life  You will come to know why Raita is spread in your life, you will start seeing patterns in life and will say, oh no one told this before, when you get all the knowledge then it will take two to four months to digest all the knowledge you have.  then you  If you want to truly imbibe that knowledge, then you will have to teach. You will have to teach in your schools, colleges, Lions Club, your community center, you can start it by going anywhere for free, like if you go to Connaught Place today, what if?  What is the English language of the boys who dance toes? Suddenly late. Some word for it. Common word for it. Fighting it. What is that called? Suddenly, everyone comes. Give some money anyway. The policeman comes.  What is you doing, what are you doing, what you are doing, it is not a flash, it is not a flash No, there is no flash dance, there is no flash mob, that happens in US, that is not even a skit, no, don't wait a word, I know the word, what is that, not even an eeprom, not even a freestyle, no, no, some buddy, what do they say?  They say something to him, he dances like this, he does something, busking, yes who's got it right, Lasky learner, friend, Lasky learner, you come, man, you know busking, what's called busking, what is busking, okay, so so, this is your busking or  You learn it you just and you start some day you take a topic of SaaS some day you take marriage some day you take investment  Something in this investment, you don't have to be very technical about it, you should know the basic thing, till date no one has become rich by investing, tell me the name of anyone in the world who became rich by investing, the first thing people write about is buff, hey brother.  His time is Hathway, it is an insurance company, he gets constant cash, then he invests it, due to this his share price has increased, due to this his value has increased, he did not earn the money by going anywhere.  You understand what I am saying, but Buffett, I myself have cut it off. Now tell me the name of someone else. Oh Rakesh, Late Rakesh, he used to do trading, brother, he did the most trading and earned money through physical activity trading. He invested a lot in him.  I bought shares of Titan, if I bought them, then no one became rich since yesterday. Something is happening, this is the biggest misconception. Now I will open your notes like this in investment, you are 5 rich, rich 50. You will have to follow the cash. You become rich when your savings are earning 90 95 and your expenditure is 5 10. Then only you are able to keep away from the market for 10 20 30 years. I bought a car and now I am traveling around the country.  When he came, gave birth to a child and got married, he got settled, became rich and humble, this is a basic thing, a very basic thing, but this is very basic. Even the basic things, no one understands or explains, everyone is busy in stories, you put this much money here, put there, don't buy house there, do this, do that, then this will happen, that will happen, and you many people, the world becomes very happy after hearing that.  One does not become rich, one becomes rich by working and earning money, Shahrukh Khan is 6200, 50 crores, he became a judge by investment, no, it is by investment, from the movie which he  Earnings were done in it, savings were done at 95,98 from it, he bought shares, bought a house, bought Mannat, made his own Red Chillies, put a fix in Red Chillies, then produced a picture, did this, did that, then bought shares, bought stocks, put it in his company, put it in stocks, he put it in equity.  Entered into startup and don't know how to run a business. Bye Bye Active Earning Nobody Talks About Active Earning So This Course  When I will tell you and my aim is you do active earning to two consultation a day earn 000 put that in mutual fund not mutual etf is ok and then keep putting keep putting keep putting and then see magic happen how many of you agree with  This basic basic investment theory which I told you please type A or you think no no yes  Will we become rich by investing? And how was it told like this? Friend, I don't know if anyone has become rich by investing. If you know the name, whoever disagrees, please tell me the name of that person. He must be that kind of person and will be rich, because as they say, one buffet comes out.  Buffet, I have told about Shahrukh, I have told that some goods will have to come from somewhere, Ankur Wari is saying, Hey brother sends courses to Ankur Wari, now I should start telling about my courses, his kind are such that they are not made by investment.  He is not my father, he is getting regular income, A Shrivastava's income is coming, Ankur's income is coming, he is not speaking the words on his own, the nest also tells me, I don't even have expenses on two, now you earn, if your expenditure is two lakhs, then your income is one crore.  If yes, then you will definitely become rich, because you did not tease him, the rest is fine, yes, now Ramdev Ag People, no Ramdev Agwal, La Broke Money and T Money, I have been invested sot money.  I have been so much invested in Ro Moto Cop and its four shares are yours Vijay and KD Same thing there every buddy does something to know and then that thing keeps going up there is an activity happening understand that the rest of you  What has to be understood further is whether or not that maximum wealth is invested. Hey brother, that was his capital. If you invest Rs. 000.  You are there per month and it also gives 25% return and I am investing one crore per month and I am making an FD of Rs. 6 but you cannot invest it in mine. Your 000 is mine and it is one crore. This is the amount which is invested.  Important people, you will always be told that by putting in lethargy to withdraw small money, this will happen to you, that will not happen because your demand will come to spend. Because if you have an income of Rs. 0000 and you are saving Rs. 25000 out of it, the rest of your expenses are Rs. 25000. If you are saving again and again and you will get married, then the piggy bank will break. If you don't get married, then you will have a child, then the piggy bank will break. If you buy a house, then it will break.  When you buy that car, it will break down. If you go out for a walk, it will not break. If it breaks, it will never be repaired. How?  Can you live a life with 60 50000 of salary where in you have been put in 25 and you say I will not touch this 25 then where will you get married, where will you pay the school fees, where will those big expenses come from, that regular income.  If you come from India then your regular income will be Rs 2 lakh. Do you know what inflation is like in India? People with lakhs and no income are not able to invest and become rich, it's just a matter of survival, that's all you put in, it's a car. How many of you agree with this, it's like type A. How many of you disagree with it, it's like type A. D Quickly, brother, we have to increase the money, only then I say that if someone's wife is earning Rs 35,000 as a teacher and she does not have to pay tax. 35 4 50 Tax is not levied even a single rupee and she is earning tuition and she is also doing consultation and is earning up to 70 8 9 Haj. Tax is not to be paid even up to 9 Haj. That's what is saved. It's okay to invest by cutting back.  By doing that, brother, that money will make you rich, if you don't tease it, it will make it, so the focus should be on increasing the income. People are not focused on increasing the income. Okay, all of you.  Agree no one disagrees so ok at this we will close it now so quickly as many of you as we can stop the recording h2 you can now whatsapp2 15