Hello friends, if you are below 40 years of age, it is 3839, whatever your age is, it is more than 30, okay, it is more than 30 and less than 40, you are basically watching this video in your 30, me and you in your life.  I am middle class, not rich, not poor, okay, this is a very complicated definition, but I belong to this class, what do you think, okay, so I take decisions in consultation.  I am going to help in the making of this car, I am in a foreign country, what should I do, how should I do it, is it okay, this is my salary, this salary has nothing to do with me, I am going to give you a figure today.  I am for the decision making of the network and write to you. If you are in your 30s and your network is not Rs 8500000 then do not buy any fancy car and do not go on any foreign country trips. Jain no one has anything to do with life, I have gone to the network, what is the network, all your assets are yours, I am not throwing other cash, it is not about others, my net assets are yours. Net liability should be close to 85 which is equivalent to ₹ 1 lakh. I could have said crore but it will also be crore. If the dollar becomes ₹ 100, then this thing is fine.  Remember, you should have only 85 lakhs, it can be your fixed deposits, it can be shares in demat, it can be mutual funds, it can be gold, it can be any property other than living in your own house, is there any affordable housing for your 25 lakhs?  Ki or something small and there is some plot of saugaj which is worth 30 lakhs, if there is no loan on it, if the story is a loan then mine it if the property is worth 1.5 crores.  If there is a loan of Rs 1 crore, then the network is withdrawing Rs 50 lakh from there, then II Network, I am sir, I know the test of audience is ok, then brother, it should be of Rs 85 lakh, it is more than Rs 85 lakh, give this, everyone should do aspirational living.  Buy your car, whatever you have to do, do it further. It's okay, many people are doing it for less than that, if you are doing it then it means you are spending more or your salary is not there. If you are 38-39 years old. And you have not reached 85 lakhs, it is okay for me to tell everyone who is watching my video, that means you are not earning money from your job, you are spending more, it is just a simple thing, so you need increase and income.  And reduce your expense date you decide a bank mark I am giving an average in India I am telling otherwise no one is going to tell and understand like we say no brother is a 6 feet boy or a human being, a man and his  If his age is 30 years, then brother, his weight is ideal weight, it can be more than 80 kg, it can also be less, then brother, if he is 80, then that means if he is 10% fatter than this, then he has become overweight or if it is this much percentage, then  That has become the base, every definition remains its okay, if it is important then take reasonable mother, okay, although 72K will be in the blacksmith side, if it is 6 feet, but if it is 80, then Ideal is your blue pressure. Blue pressure is also said to be 80 by 120, so it is necessary that it happens to everyone, it goes up and down with age, so its tolerance is a matter, 130/85 is also fine, but it is in that range.  Cut off A also goes to 90, meaning more than 90, if the lower one is 90, the upper one is 140, then you are going towards hi blue pressure. In this way, I have given a figure to my audience today.  Give brother, you are 40, if you are 32 and are sitting at 85 and doing ok, this is the wicket to take off, then brother, you are at 85 crores, which is at 8500 crores, which is his street, but someone tell yourself that brother, you are an average student. Above is average, topper is incompetent, as they say, brother, if there is fever then the temperature is 98. Someone's temperature will say that 99 is a little fever, so like this. I am taking the example of 2023 in India and telling you, make a note of all of them and tell me who is above it and who is below it. Now you are gone in 33. If you have 95 lakh network then brother, he was buying Creta now.  My wife was saying on  Do you want a Creta or can it run less than me or should I buy an Amazing or a Swift so that my wife can drive that, I will drive this one, you have to think, I am not doing that but there should be some benchmark to say yes you are doing ok Indian 26  Whatever it may be but I am going to book people date you are a new 30 and if you have 85 85 lakh is this d first think 100 thousand key network is this d  First think should be two million dollars, then later 8.30 crores will come, that is lying on the second, the first stop should be for any youngster to make his network 100 thousand and go to the safe, after that he can take leave and break also.  You can upgrade yourself by congratulating your studies, you can reduce something like this, so I hope you will keep this golden figure, you will understand and please share this and parents also join, their children are very happy.  They keep doing this left and right because sometimes it seems that the network is not worth 85 lakhs but the tanka is for 2.5 lakhs and the rakhi is for three, so it seems that I can afford this much, so I wanted to tell you a benchmark, I hope you.  understand thank you