Hello friends, hospital medical insurance and one more truth yesterday, I was telling the truth so that I can get some eyeballs, because you know this by telling the truth yesterday, but tomorrow is the truth, okay, you people are going to benefit a lot, no one told me till date. Probably no one would have told on YouTube that there are many medical professionals and all of them are behind the posts too. There are many big YouTubers, they also tried to tell the medical fraternity to tell them that as they say, there is a lot of morale.  If you have a profession, then that's another bill to decide. Are you doing it in a noble way or not? You cannot make your profession absolutely noble. Your actions will also be checked, so I would like to tell you one thing, mostly you people have taken medical insurance. Many people have not accepted the issue of periods, one of my tips is if you follow it, then do it. If you don't, then don't do it. If you do, then write it in the comment area. The advice is very practical, whenever.  Admission is done in a hospital and the patient is taken to an insured person. If there is any situation for admission then the first thing to be done is to check whether you have medical insurance or not. So if you have medical insurance then you will tell me boldly whether it is mine or not, this is not a record. You don't have to say anything, I am telling you the reason, until the diagnosis is done properly, please do n't tell me that you have medical insurance, because now many people will say so and then you will be accused.  The diagnosis is also dependent on how much to take from it, there are CCTV cameras installed, now all the hospitals in India are also not talking to everyone due to which, something like Singh, outside food is not good, so all the hotels are bad, IT is very bad at this time.  I am making this video out of fear that someone might do such a thing to me, but as I can see, I am feeling a pain in my stomach from inside. I am telling you all the cost of risk even in an ad, so please do not hesitate to comment.  side  Support as much as you can, subscribe, Namaste, thank you, like, and understand the thing, how many people come, how do you look, because they are like you, if you have a big car, when will it open, then more money and a poor man, you are related to me in this group.  I discuss as I tell from the topic, sometimes people question, what difference does it make, your medical insurance is 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, 40 rupees, he is taking it. Hey, I do it, the body is yours, the body is yours, the money comes only from the make-up procedure, 10000 rupees were charged for the admission, even in a five star hotel, the rooms are available for 10-12-15000 rupees, the hospital did not charge how much money for the room. Even if he kept it for 5 days, the camera is worth ₹ 10000, it is also worth ₹ 15000, how much is it 8000, then how many lakhs did he take? How did it cost Rs 20 lakhs?  To do some procedure, to open some, to band it, just because they are not giving you money, someone should take out something from inside which was not necessary to be taken out, what am I trying to tell you, I am here medical and I am not asking you to become a doctor yourself. Please, I am telling you to be smart, I am telling you to be a tease, you get yourself diagnosed in a government hospital, then you do not enjoy going to a government hospital, you are a decent person, you should not be made to stand in line there or if you are not called there then you  The diagnosis is clear, what is yours? In extreme emergency cases, the man becomes remote while doing the king, there is no doubt about it, but in that too, you can play smart act by doing two, you do it, it is not ours, if it is not there, then that is a useless thing. Once we find out that we have insurance, we will bathe you with the Gulkos from Dhaba. I am telling you each and every thing, which test, which morning, brother, you have not given it at all, you have not given it at all.  There is a pain in the stomach. Sir, please complete the brain test. It is very bad in India, but brother, there is a target against them and theirs. Till date, someone has come and tried to cheat me. I do n't know what to give, I don't even know, this is my channel.  I don't know who will do what, that's why I am not telling you by name, the name is painting everyone again and again, I am also many things, no matter how domineering you are, become number one, clarity is scared, the good ones feel scared, everyone feels all this.  are  If you are a driver then I should do it, what pace should you be in and this is the video, don't share it, this is the video which I am yours, I am the same clock, I am on YouTube, who has to come and speak in some videos to your subscribers and lawyer subscribe and that.  And brother, don't share the audios to too many people, this is also an effect, then some other story will start when you do it, because then they will take away the money, this is the commission, once they will know that this is a matter of taking away the money.  It is already taken out, as soon as you enter, the first thing is the insurance, this also stop, take a breath, we will give it, it will be done, yes, tell us how we will give it and then tell us we will give the cash and they are giving the check right now, now take this cashback and then reclaim it also.  It happens through insurance because he will open something of your loved one which he is not supposed to open like showing the car which is not working now, gear oil is fine, no, yours is worse than everyone else, you will open that too in the doctor, turn off the engine. you went  If you do something for someone then give something else and this happens a lot, I have been there for this, if there is no emergency then there is no treatment in emergency because what is above life, sometimes there is a process in which if there is no emergency then  I am here, my request is that you should do the diagnosis instead of doing three tests and one more tip is very good. If you enjoy your subscription, please write. If it happens with parents, then all these things are honey and nectar.  There is no PK, so it's okay. Keep the doctor in your circle of acquaintance who is your closest relative or you know him or you have ever served him so that he can guide you well because they know everything about each other, like if you are in real estate then I am in real estate. I know what it is, mother, I am an astrologer, I know everything about it, because the person who practices his business, even if I don't check it myself, the moment he hears it, he comes to know that he has put it in his ear.  it's good brother Sir, take the commercial 6%, then you know who has fallen into whose stomach, you are right, then it is known directly by ear, you have this kind of lover, it is complete, then friends, you get to know whose murders brother.  You know, like this, doctors are very good, many doctors are many doctors, many doctors are very good, so the good doctors you know are acquaintances, acquaintances, relatives, friend circles, here are your mother, low clients, you are also going to do some business.  I am a doctor like you  I know note de time and doctor, so now if something ever happens to me, I have a doubt, so I have kept the numbers of the good ones or the good ones, I am brother, this report has come, man, he is saying this and then that.  Guruji, this low sir is blaming me, okay, now he is a genuine man, then keep one or two more like this, keep one or two from the government, then tomorrow you take what you want to take because ultimately the body is yours and God has given it to you in the form it is.  no such doctor again  He can make it and give it, he can take out anything or vice versa, put something inside the plastic, they say no, get a stand inserted, a nano team has gone, what money do you have to pay, the government has done well to reduce the steno rates too, okay but brother.  If not, then definitely he is instilling it in you now. There are two-three alternative doctors in him. They are very good. I am not even taking the names of the good ones because there is a very strong team of bad ones and he is also after them. Okay, you.  Google it, it's ok Doctor Jhajjar has nothing to do with promoting anyone, but he tells something alternative, all of them are of the Mirchi caste, brother, I will die like this, but your mind is also too busy in the situation, there is no time, then no one can do anything.  It may be fine but where you are getting time then all such diseases do not happen which do not give time, 95% of the things are such situations, you get time because these people also say come tomorrow and come the day after tomorrow.  Come with this report, come only then, it is the program of a man gradually, so please check the rest of the things yourself and just because you have medical insurance, it does not mean that you can get anything done, I have seen it with great pride, brother. This is not an imaginary brownie from a real example. Did you guys like this topic? You liked it. You enjoyed it. A practical thing like this is important in many things. That's why I come here after coming here. No, he should not become like this. Don't create active waste, don't even create panic, don't create panic, just tell the subscribers at your own level, brother, there is no need to make everyone happy, someone quietly whispers this to a friend, brother, see this, see it next time and please.  By doing three or by doing, make doctors your friends. How will you get doctors? You will find doctors in India who do not collide. You will find someone in the street. You will find someone's brother. You will find a friend. You will find a friend's father. You will find him in your own circle.  I will meet him, check which one is hotter, hold one, hold one, hold the other, hold this because this caste also invents many things, now I will not take this one to that one too much, so many like this.  Some videos are always made to tell what has not been told. Okay, there are many things and diseases which can also be invented. So check three times, check with people. Independent, here you are telling all this. Tell me all one.  If so brother, then the matter is wrong.  Then it will happen but check and take counter opinion. People don't even give you a chance in the first place, they make you panic like this brother, the program will be done there, so do the procedure quickly, everyone's target is mixed, it is completely corporate colour, brother.  This much amount of tax has to be paid in the quarter, the program comes, the customer looks like a host, he has come, now this person is guilty or has Pitra Dosh, at least some of your ancestors do not spoil anyone's son, then everyone.  I am not blaming but this is how it is and this is what is happening, where is your body and what is anyone doing, it does not mean that the program is fine and you have come on this, I pray that no one has to face any issue. thank you very