Hello friends, I should do government jobs and future of government jobs, we will discuss this and I am seeing the youth ruining their lives and ruining their future. Now many people have picked up this topic on YouTube, which is good but it is also conclusive.  No, no one is going to take him, they make him in isolation and he is not able to go on the journey, they say don't do isolation, understand his essence, you this government.  When what will happen in 5 years, who will do it, I have listened carefully to you, according to the preparation you are doing, it is also a matter of who is passing, according to what they are doing, you are relieved to make videos for them and what they are doing. His element of intelligence is very high, he knows everything what is happening there, I am here to tell the rest of the people, the children of the rich are not coming, the government is not conducting exams for the middle class children, the children of the lower class will go and absorb  In 5 years, 6 years, 7 years, you will feel that this is raw, there is nothing, no power, no position, no digestion, no one knows who is preparing or who is new, so he plays a lot of roles and makes me mine.  If there is trolling the most, negative comments come, then on such videos, I get a lot of Guruji type adversaries, I like it very much, but in this one, yes, you will not get it. No matter how hard you try, I am not fast yet.  You cannot drive in rare view. Double, which is the double for this? No, but I, my uncle, uncle, uncle, Tejaji, his, her, he, he was like this, he, he has made it like this, I, you will not be able to make it, I agree, he Everything is artificial intelligence, everywhere, your family, identity card, everything will be linked, there will be no scope for corruption, there will be no decision making and there will be no taste and the posting from here is from there, so is the child from a poor family.  It is a good thing for him because his father is very poor, he is taking the exam, middle class children will not be able to take the exam and when they go there, when they go there, they will go into the system because of fear, fool, good factor, bill not be, fear because of brother. Again there will be a prejudice, now I will not talk about so many classes, classes are being talked about, so there is a lot of gossip in it, if a group A officer's child is attacked by a group A officer, then the news will never be published in the newspaper.  I can't, it was published in the newspaper that a rickshaw puller's daughter did well in the exam and a porter's daughter became a maid 's son, which became a very good news, but think of it, now it has become a social jump for their family.  There are too many porters, ready made rickshaw pullers, they never got a jump in their society, that rickshaw puller drove an auto rickshaw, he was a late auto rickshaw driver and could not become a plane pilot in his life.  At any time in his life, the jump that his daughter or son has taken will definitely take his family up, but this is not happening in the middle class. In the middle class, the child is not running ahead of the father. When this is happening, then his moral  And the motivation is that of a beginner, it is not much and when he is not able to achieve even this, when he does not achieve the government, then he does not know what to do next, then when he gets involved in entrepreneurship and these things.  He realizes that he is at least like an auto rickshaw driver because he has to do something every day only then some money will come, now he is not able to understand what to do, here the middle class is very fancy, the rich do not know the way to earn money, the poor do not know.  Do n't want to follow the method of earning money because they don't want to become poor. Exam story emerges. Second aspect of government jobs is going to happen in future. Girls should do that job.  When the government does it, it is good because they provide them with maternity leave facilities, leave, whatever facilities a woman needs after getting married and raising children, which is a good thing for those who belong to the backward class of the society, but not for the rest of the people.  You will be able to enter and if you enter then you will not be happy. I have been removing you people from the government since the time of the government so that the competition is reduced, I am saying this to you brother, you will not have 14 hearts, you are an average.  You will be called a human being, no great person will feed you, no great clapping, this cannot happen, if you come from a small family, from a small village, or from a small city, then you will get a little respect there, the person who is living like an urban person. Previous  He has been doing it for two generations, it does n't matter to him, there is no one to perform Aarti in his street, he is a property owner worth crores, no one is going to come like this, your exam is over, the story is no one is going to come for a government job.  Exams, now you tell me, government jobs will automatically reduce, notifications come out for government exams, then exams are not done, exams are done because they do not give results, if they give results, then your quick study gets done and then exams are conducted many times. Then the paper gets accepted and then it gets canceled later. How long will they keep doing this thing? This government is bearing everything, everything is government tested.  The government will take out all the sari, they will take it out like this, while doing so, they will take it to the elections. The one whose government has just been formed, has no interest in giving a job after doing the exam, because the exam has been done for 5 years now, all that is done by the pot. After that, he does this every year that even if you vote for me again, I will do the exam paper, then there is a change in the government, then I get reset.  So many states, I am crying and everything is going on, you don't have to do anything, whatever you are preparing for the government, you just have to meet your relatives or friends of this post, ask how happy they are, if you think they are very happy right now.  We are having a lot of fun and I am talking nonsense, so brother, at least prepare but go and ask once because many people are following the perception that the big coaching institutes are advertised so much.  And they are glamorizing these things so that a common man does not even know that he has entered the house. If this one officer does not find out, then find out the PCS. If he does not find out, then someone else should go and do it below him.  Ask brother, how much is there, there are very few people to tell the truth which they do not know, you are only suggested in official capacity, you will challenge him and you will involve yourself and I am making a difference on the society and it is making.  Impact and debt give a lot of satisfaction and when people like us talk carefully from inside, what is not a challenge, now people will talk in the past, will glorify and if India was so great then look at all the indexes and see where it is.  Now if you tell it then it becomes political, this government has made it very big and the government did not do it, the officers did not do whatever they are not a politician, the situation is a politician to make it worse.  Politician is responsible to do good also Politician is responsible Government officials Officials are absolutely clueless They do what they are told from above They do what they are told If someone has to say something, give a mattress code here, they will give a mattress code, then they will say, pay the wrong person, give it yourself, give it yourself, give it here yourself  They will be busy throughout the day and the story about whether that mattress has been opened, water has been taken out, oil has been taken out or nothing has been taken out, that decision is being taken from above, they do not have it here, so when you are in the system, then see this in the system.  Bitterness will go away if you are coming thinking that you don't know what impact you are making. I think that if a poor child comes, he will be happy then only one party will feel that he is doing something because what will he be able to do in his neighborhood.  Her understanding of people and her fulfillment levels will be butter because she will invite her family members to her house because it was a relief to live in such a kutcha house, now even her government house is not very great, she did not feel happy, not like the tap of Jaguar. But it is good in comparison, then its sense of achievement is very good. If you live in a house where there are perfect tiles, there is strong Italian marble and everything is fine, tinsel, etc. everything is installed. Now you are in a government house where lasers come.  There are doors, there are no bands, if there are bands, the windows are Madan, if there are bands, then they cannot be opened, you are struggling like this, the back is dry, the grass is growing in front, your family members have ever come, you are such a proud one.  She will not give any feeling and then you will never be happy, so when you are not making her belong to Tabla, then there is nothing further in this lane, because every July, first July, three day after tomorrow, she has to get increment, otherwise she will be in 3% increment, otherwise you many people say When is the security of D? Brother, when is the security of D? When is it the security of D? When is it the security of D?  Let 's go, posting in a minute is a caste, someone has done something here, anything, big or small, has been posted out in the media, whether it is his fault or not, he has a wife, a child, school, he has to do it at all, someone has to do it, so see.  Take it, you have to do it, who has to do it, you have to take a tomorrow, you have to take a tomorrow, it is very easy to say when you have to do it, the child's second three classes are from three places, fourth is from two places, no school change till eighth.  are done and then wife  She folds her hands, brother, whether I am staying here in the state capital or in any big city, I am doing great things and that is known later. Find out from someone, you worked hard for 7-8-10 years and got the job, then after coming into the job, you get the job.  If these surprises happen, then I am telling you this surprise first and I am telling that after the next 5 years, this job will remain for these people, whatever I told, and when it will go to these people, it will be given to them already on time, as it is called from here.  cream out  This is milk from which everything has been taken out, then when you get it, you will eat it. This is also being said to those who have just come to the government from a very lower class and have served for 10-12 years. They have got a status of living, it is also said that now they have become fans, bypass these jobs here, leave these jobs and give this to someone else and those who will get it, their social status will keep decreasing on one thing which is my prediction.  The saree made by me is fine, SN astrologer is not doing it, I am socializing from here that girls will not marry in future, it will be unlike a government servant because of this, which thing in marriage market decides is more in demand?  She has come because that girl will not be able to do a job if she is married to a government servant. He came here, story, story, he is roaming around, he is not roaming with us, Shakti, he also has to do the job and if he also has to do it and you also have to do it.  Brother, you will remain separated for the rest of your life and then there is no benefit in it anyway, if the results are like this, girls are government servants, then you will know that you will look for a job for 7-8-9 years, you will be 28-29 years old, then brother, you will be 35 and you will be looking for a girl because.  She doesn't want to do it and you were wondering what happened to me, I must be cheating, it was said that government people get the fat ones, this and that, who told you this, then it is the same thing, you don't invest looking in.  Rare view, even mutual fund people also say that passport form is not an indicator of future performance. Read the offer document carefully before investing. So here I am telling you the offer document. I hope you read this video very carefully.  What is after this is a little earlier, a little water has been added to the milk, the cream has not yet come out. Hey, bye time, your exam is clear. There is nothing in this milk. Nothing will be left, everything will be taken out. It will look like curdled milk from which cheese has also been taken out. So first the cream was removed, then that cheese too, nothing will be found. Friend, what is this and three trillion, three and a half trillion dollars, India 7-8 trillion dollars.  In the next 15 years everyone will be running Tom Dick and Hari will jump, all this will be seen, if you are my friend, then the numbers would come behind, see what he is doing, this will happen to you, then you are sitting there with your 3% agreement. Well, these are some great shakes, neither in terms of money nor in terms of social status, and please do not write this again and again, who comes for the sake of government job, here he is your number two earning, it is quite high in many states.  Why has it reduced by the time it gets completed? It will take time. In Bihar, it will take time. In the rest of the country, it is completely over in 4 years. In Bihar, it will probably be over in 10 years. So what are you doing by preparing now? It will take time for you.  posting will come and go Till then that is your band, now what will you do, you are not getting anything as you thought, the story is not getting anything, you cannot tell the story, this one is so much and brother sir, this one is so much, now please marry, they will not go, there will be no marriage.  If there is no marriage then sir, then how come the person who got a lower job will get married because in his social setup he has become a big thing but because he is in the middle class level, he has not become a big thing. This is the message so I hope you. Understand Take This Point This Video Write in the comment area so that other youth can also see for themselves that yes he is doing this then yes maybe he is saying something then he is saying the right thing. If you agree with what I have said then thank you very much.