Hello friends, You Can Earn 1 Crore in Six Maths is not clickbait at all. Normally you find such clickbait but Guruji will not waste time and joke with his audience. I will tell you what I know as a subscriber, but you can do it.  See, I will tell you more than that even in Rs 1 crore, within 6 months, before that you will have to listen to me for two to five six minutes, because I am working for crores of rupees, so listen to something else for 5 minutes.  I am telling you that I have started a job, you saw that I told about being a doctor, before that I told about UPSC, okay, you must have seen that many people have come and do not agree with me, I will have subscribers, many people have said that the doctor is a doctor, the doctor is so much.  I liked it, I liked it very much, Doctor Sir, if you tell me anything about any profession, whether it is for the youth or the person training them, what is demotivation and motivation? I have never said that I am motivation. I am going to demotivate, I am going to give clarity by telling you that the cook did not prepare the food by washing his hands and this is the proof, so I am demotivating you that the food should not be eaten, you see what to do, you understand this thing, what I have done in UPSC.  Have you demotivated in it or have I motivated you in the doctor? I said this could be possible, now why did people write something in it, hey so what, what did you do next, I am going to tell you, listen to 1 crore in 6 months.  If you have the passion and courage, if you have the brain, then I will tell you. I have done it. Those who drive me have done it. I have done that thing. If my career has given me a little spice, then I will give free advice to my stomach.  I don't know if you are a consultant but today I am giving it to the middle class for free. To earn Rs. 1 crore in 6 months, if you have the strength then show it. If you have the strength then show it. If you work hard, I will tell you better.  I will tell you but a little  I will tell you after talking a little, okay, I will not tell you so soon, I will tell you after a little, two-four, five-six minutes, first I will tell you that I will bring further careers which you have to take, tell me, I know all the status of all the careers, it is a concert, I know everything, I know everything.  As they say, ask a 2 year old, ask a 10-12-15 year old, how will he tell you the truth, sir, I will tell you the story very well, this is not a picture, it is also a fact, so which one to join?  Then you will have to join, you will have to do something, the story will see you, what are your inherent advantages, what is in your nature, because a lot of middle class is looking for respect, you should look for money in job, respect is not in any job.  The story is not found because the word itself is a servant, a servant never gets respect, so if you want to be demotivated, then do not do any job, if you get respect in any job, then tell me. Doctor wrote to me in my comment area and says Sir.  You are the first non- medical person, the day before yesterday, I am talking about nice and other vices. There is no good speaking in the matter of our profession. In the system that has come in place these days, I have talked about their income and other things and in the matter of everything, so  Now let's come, if you can work for ₹ 1 crore, I am not right because what less can you say to what I am about to say, you tell me what less I am going to give you, with which you can work for ₹ 1 crore in 6 months or even more.  more work  Other people may be working but what will you call this low, you will not know the name, is this money, is there respect in this low, there is a lot of love and respect and I am going to tell you about the open one, but you don't have to go for that, but will this last forever? Meaning: You know how to earn money. Ask me brother, what do you do? I earn money very much sir, I earn so much in a tax-legitimate manner, so listen to all of them. 12 13 14 15 16000  The number of nurses is calculated according to 40 patients. In government, it can be 60 or even 70. In foreign countries, they have a lot of retirement. Now you can Google the exam yourself for free. Not only sir, but what is the exam? These can be done by typing them from a foreign hospital and sent to them in a month. Salary of this month, he will give you 50 nurses also, if you do it then you will get 100 salary, not of foreign country, but how to get visa, you have to type, here you have to give them training for exam, you have to mature them, you have to hand haul them for 6 months.  What will happen after this, you have to motivate, please please don't do this job of Rs 40,000, I am telling this thing to everyone, you will come and stay with me during the day. Buddha has gone mad because of the insults. First of all, I am talking about Buddha, I am talking about Grandfather, I am young gay, why is my wife behind me, he is embarrassing me when I am not because I can roast like I am on the platform, then that.  You will roam around flying and Punjab will remain yours. I will come and say this and it will be true. I do not feel pain because it is not true. Only truth always gives pain. Lies never give you pain. No man has ever told you a lie which is not you.  if yes then pain  It doesn't hurt, it happens only when you are true. So when I have to tell you the truth that you are useless and you are not doing anything, if the child is not with you, if Thakor is not with you, then Munna, if you are not with me, it will cause great pain.  So for me, my channel is explosive growth, it can be exclusive growth, I have power, I do n't have brain, it is not for them, how will I do it and if I do, she will not give me money, then how will she type there, you tell me here, I will tell you.  Check he cat's na de dun, this is happening and there are thousands of templates like this, it is happening in thousands of things and people are doing it, they roam in big vehicles, they roam in big lions, they spend big money, they don't come and tell, and what about this less?  You will say less that we will help you legally by opening a company. How much retirement do Westerners have in Europe? The trade of medical workers. If you know the quality of good medical workers, then that exam is there.  If it works, then he is not like, 'Hey Gary, have you installed it to anyone, okay, that means the service below is not running here, it is a proper professional service, but you find the bill and those people who are doing this, Narsi's so happy.  It is so good that he gets birthday gifts thank you. What happens, who will agree, but who will do this, who will type, I will open your website, I will open your company, I will not do it by typing you, I am going to open a membership here too, you.  Want because brother, don't go on like this, tell me and then in that too, someone goes down there for something, no, it's not like this, you want to hear and understand, jobs are also a power, I think it is possible, it is possible, so you have to tell me if.  If you want me to open the membership here, please click the Join button on youth membership on Clarity and then write M, your age, whatever YouTube offers and the rough idea of ​​this range has been given, Aise Pak Pak Hai Template Pak Pakaye Cheez To. Brother, do you understand? Membership date on comment area is only on me. So I have opened the bill and have told you this idea for free. You can implement it in this. How to withdraw that 10000, if you don't do it then brother, it is easy. tg211 ISIS.  There is no competition in this, there is no examination but I still told you but you will not forward this video, if you like this video then you will be happy.  Keep me in it No one told anything on YouTube Good but those who do not have to do any hard work, they just have to prepare and do something of their own My channel is on this D Champion and distant and intelligent motivation users need So if you are a loser then please subscribe to my channel  subscribe