Hello friends, this may happen to you many times, you should know this information, otherwise if you are with someone else, then tell him, share it on family groups, the topic will remain the same, how to get your money back if you have sent it to the ring.  UPI address is done many times, there are four or five steps, they tell everyone that RBI guidelines will be issued, the first and simplest thing in this is that brother, contact the person to whom you have given it, Namaskar. Yes, I gave it to you by mistake, so maybe he returns it, but sometimes what happens is that there have been scams in this also, people are scared and say, brother, why did you give it, then they get into an argument, then make a video call.  If you explain it with love and in a relaxed manner, it will be very best. This is a solution. If it doesn't happen, then the second thing you need to do is you have to reach out to UPI app customer support. Whatever.  UPI is open and you have to go beyond that. If the recipient is not cooperative with the letters and or is unable to reach out to them, then you have to call customer support and start the refund process. If that too is not working, then many  The bar amount is a bit high, maybe you don't work so hard on 200, but sometimes it becomes a huge amount, so what you can do now is file a complaint. With NPC, if you are able to resolve this through customer support from National Payments Corporation of India, there is one thing that you can do through it. The next step is that you can take help from your bank from where it originated. Inform the bank.  As Soon As This Mistaken Transaction Has Happened And Give Them All The Necessary Details And They Can Help Initiate That's Another  Wise, there is a toll number, please read it carefully so that I do n't read it wrong, there is a free toll number, you have to call it for assistance, if you have done this thing on any color QR code, it also gets scanned, isn't it?  If you apply the same procedure again and again then please spread this for awareness. New RBI guidelines have come. Hope if this has happened to anyone then write in the comment section how you recovered the money.  If you are not able to write then write then let it be a total of information. What is the meaning of crowd sourcing of information? So please spread this information. Thank you very much and subscribe to the channel. Forgot to subscribe to the channel if you are watching edge forward. channel tax