Hello friends, in this video I will tell you about the children who are youth in the year 1825. Breakups happen a lot and the heart gets broken. Okay, so I will give a little practical idea on it. I will address mostly the boys. Boys are getting more heartbroken though. Girls also happen but I find girls are I think more mature and smarter or I really want you so I should be addressing more of d boys Why is your heart breaking Basically, there should not be any more breakups and what is happening, then what is the meaning of heartbreak at the age of 18 to 20 years, at the age of 22, the meaning of heartbreak is that the one whom you were loving, who was interested in you, the one with whom you were dating, broke up.  If you get sad about us then you are late, the boy is Rohit, the girl is Neha, okay, I have the note date, that's why I am telling you, a lot of boys come, so my resume is more with the boys and the girls are painted in bed light.  I am not trying but I am explaining that he is from See what happens when you are in college, now you are sincere 182021 This role is there, boys and girls will come there, so love has to happen there, now that college guy will go and meet a 28 year old woman from a corporate company.  How will you love him, there is no setting, if there is no setting, then he will do the same, the girl also has the same choice that this boy is very decent, she likes him, no, what happens after some time on this date in you.  You have some achievements, you are just a boy, you may be a rich boy, you may have a good body, you may have strength, you may be beautiful, you may be cute, you may have good morals or whatever, late girls like something new, so what about boys?  The thought is continuous from 30 to 35 also, they see the same thing as girls and forced intelligent in date desi friend, now I have this choice, divide the girls three-four.  Let's look ahead a year, look ahead even 5 years. All the girls know that if mom is an average sex college, you are an average girl, that's why the boy is also average in an average college, that's why he is in this college, now he is an average college.  The girl from SRCC can't be rounded off by the boy from SRCC because as you understand her average quality, I am telling you on the basis of example, whatever their time pass system is going on there, but defending is more time fed to you.  Made us drink a party, went to watch a movie, I have given you a gift, I gave you this, you are so emotionally involved, this is that, now the girl has cheated you, all the girls talk about it, you are having fun, boys are having fun, meaning are you a blanket, do n't you know what?  This is happening, don't you know uproot it and you know the status of other boys, who is busy doing such and such in IIT, then before 12th, he started doing such and such. Now he is doing something day and night to get the exam done. Those with ITI will take the bride. Those of heart will not take her. Hard fact of life is that a lioness marries the one who can catch the prey well and has no mate. So now when humans have what it takes to roam around on motorcycles, do partying, that's different. Those with packages, your package of 6 lakhs will lose to the package of 18 lakhs, then how many songs will one sing?  The rich man's daughter broke love India's heart, did not break the silver wall, gave up the oppression of the poor, gave up the bread, only girls do this in movies, never did it in real life, it did not happen even in 1950 sir, the movie fooled us.  Because Desi was poor, so the movie had to be shown according to the poor, because if the poor showed good to the rich, then only 5% of the rich would be able to get the movie, how could all those heroes and heroines who were poor were acting.  And the hero used to act poor, he was actually rich in real life, so how much poverty can he pretend there, in actual life he was rich, so no one ever told this thing openly, Sir, if 18 to 24 25  In the year you will concentrate on becoming something, now why worry about it, we have concentrated and she is a girl, so what do you want, I will tell you in advance that I  I am in IT at the age of 18, my first life is like this, only brother, you have accepted America, what happens in America, our color, what is the problem, today's voice, God's saying, if I am good in body, gym, home, strong, good, bad colleges too. Hai Par Style Bhai Hain To I Have A Girl Know What Happened This Girl Leaves Me After Some Time By This I Dated Her Mukesh Academy Now this has become a compromise formula for me, this is the reason on the angst of the boys so first of all who understands the reason no date is also fat sweet appears date is a sizeable percentage of girls are like this but there is no details survey  Tu calculate dear percentage but I am being what lot of stuff I put me uncle's friend kitna hai whatever data I have are rice packs All the food is not necessarily raw, you check it, you get to know that in this way, when the vote bank takes the exit poll and it is quite accurate, okay, the exact poll means the question which is asked after the vote, before that.  It's okay, so his idea becomes brother, this winner is the one who is going to lose, so whatever I do from the middle of that, I fear reasonable number of girls in big city which are like 22 25% like this swan but it is not so.  That they are more than 75, you are 80% girls, they are very normal girls, okay, they are normal, hello, they are human beings, but 80% girls are good girls, there is no spice, so just concentrate on making your personality, making your life starting.  Earning your basic is fine, having this personality, give only this will come, don't do it before that and second thing is the biggest thing to save from heart break. If you are 22-30 years old, 24 years old, then this friend, I have seen the others too in 27-28 years, just going around with this girl date for 5 years, then Bill has a heart break, this is my today.  I did not even understand that friend, I have been saying this for five years, I have been roaming around for years, what is this that I will become something, we and you will marry, why ca n't we marry without becoming, a girl is nothing, a boy is also nothing, if there is love then  Do n't get married when we become one, how many years will you wait and in order to become something small, you will have to go to HD Harvard and from there I will become you, I do n't know which paper will come out, whatever you do, maybe your selfishness is too much.  For 55 years we keep checking, if you don't get butter from me, then you will be fancy. If I don't get butter from you, then you are there, while the rest is me, I am watching. It's okay, as if one side is locked on, like a ship.  is not one  It is already locked on, the second radar is working like this, it has become very advanced these days, like okay, which is the version ahead of F-16, 35, what is there in it, you are doing like this, I am also checking the rest here.  It was found that there should be power on this also, there should be power on all things, then this big technology has not just come there, this technology is also running in the human brain, you are there with this feeling, when you go there, there will be a heartbeat, this and this will happen in relationships with cleverness.  Don't  Do n't put it among your friends with greed. If a person is good and big, one month is enough. You are not a bundle of friends and the rest, what is the biggest thing? Even a human being is just a cloud. It is a relief when you get married to the person with whom you got married.  If you are still a husband, is he the same as he was 20 years ago, is it not like that, is it right, then he also has to change, then you should come from within that friend, there is nothing in me, I am an innocent girl who has not seen life.  he has  Katni know he likes this today he likes it today he left you got some more toys let's see let's go I mean we order like this there cyber we have a place in Gurgaon we will order a mocktail worth 600 rupees everything fancy his name Ok, we will drink less, then we will stop drinking, then his father would be drinking Iranian tea, he would be drinking something like a soda water bottle opener, so I don't want to drink it, in our place, the old tea you got, you know, it had more sugar in it, oh man, sugar is more but okay.  It means caste doesn't even throw tea, there was a generation like this, now this generation is like this, within an hour he told me something like this, ok-ok heart break, why do we break up because you feel that break up will happen, find someone better. Gone or will meet him and he seems to like her because he looks like so many people, so don't take breakups too seriously in your life, here I will say, raise yourself so much that the person in front of you comes again and again and says that to me  My friend, it's okay, so here you have to raise yourself, along with clarity, you also need some motivation. It's okay, normally I would have given motivation, but here a little bit is needed. Okay, brother, here you make yourself good so that you don't fall in line.  How will it work and the money earning capacity will be as much as it is, now girls have a choice, boys have been cheated, their salary is Rs 40 thousand, they have gone to someone with Rs 70,000. Yes, you are like this.  If it does n't work, then set it. What's the matter? 70800 is running on thousands who are now in that category. Those who were born in 2000 have sex problems. Money is brother, it is a package. Now it looks big. Whose hair is it?  It is good that you have gone to the gym and brother, what is the big deal in building a body by going to the gym, the big thing is in earning money and now what is the problem, if the money is late then many people also build the body for the sake of money. Tell me, now she will desire more and people will go higher in the merit list and then you will leave me friend, what all will have to be done for these girls, first pass the exam, then pass the college, then get a job, then get a package, then also build a body. Yes, this will have to be done because of that.  There is no choice, the girl does not live after that, the boy has a lot of choice even after that, if the caste is there, then she is putting her mind to exercise her choice, she is making the choice, just like there were Swayamvars even thousands of years ago.  In this country, there used to be members in this color, you have seen it in Ramayana, you have heard it, you have seen Sambar in Mahabharata, you have seen D Girl, you select her and so many kings' princes used to come, they were rejected, no one picked up the bow. What to do now, starts crying, what to do, it happens that you find out that he/ she has rejected you, so don't put yourself in these circles, the one who is rejecting you on Chhichori button is someone anyway.  The girl is not well, if you take mother, you are a very good boy, everything is good for you and if some girl has accepted you, then after getting married, she starts rejecting you, then where do you keep running, these programs are also happening, so I am my people, are you no stable?  And ISP, I will make a very good video, if you want, about the horoscope, those people are doing very wrong, I will tell that too, you people will get clarity, but I will make a lot of love for it, that too is okay, so don't break your heart in this, okay  It's very good isn't it  So, if not that, then not that, then someone else, someone else, if there is no shortage of population, then if there was famine left for me, then leave aside the caste, either there was no famine in that, isn't it? Brother, money is everything, Himani, everything, Manish Note.  Everything but everything requirement is impressing opposite sex and you are failing in merit list it is like saying all the colleges now your ATM admission is not there so what do you say IIT is bad  I am not selected, I am bad, I am not selected, UPSC is bad, I am not selected, you don't say like this, you say, my marks were less, brother, not only I am not selected, the SIM is also here, why are you getting separated here?  Why are you feeling like this that till now you were talking to me, why are you not talking to me now because there is nothing wrong in my eyes, right now we have not become anything, when we have not become anything, then don't do the same thing, first some bangla, then one less.  Make me your wife as much as I love you.  My father 's age has come to do so, hair turns gray then man reaches him in that where you can make a virtual situation out of other situation i 20 you 25 not date this nobody can do date you bill have  You choose the pick and suck the hope, apply a little ointment to those people who are in this group, those who are in this group, with whom such incidents keep happening, are roaming around with broken hearts, give them a little video.  Laugh like it, don't get stressed, it's okay Rondo Mal's opinion, I too, you are crying because your heart is broken, this is your Rondo, but she had realized it, that's why maybe she has left, this can also be a reason.  It's okay, so your self is because of you, you only think about yourself and others, if you like me, I will remain like this, I will not remain like this, thank you.