Hello friends, it is a very important topic, there is a lot of clarity for the youth about the toxic work environment. Two or four things have come again and I want to go through this video for those who are from Janji because they already have a lot of issues about these things. I will tell you about them under two or three examples, but I would also like to address the millennials here, those who are born in 1980 and early 1990, I would like to address them, so let's start first with our dear respected Narayan Murthy ji again saying, I would like to reiterate that there is nothing like life balance, I don't like it, he has come again, two, three.  One thing I want to ask to Narayan Murthy ji through this video is that if there is so much work and there is a need to work so much for 16 hours, then how much  There is unemployment, why can't you give the work to others, why do you have to get the work done by the same person? More problems are happening with you people. Like in the old times, it did not happen that a rickshaw puller drove a rickshaw from here to here, so you have to pay less money. Basically, you have to put in more effort, there is bargaining everywhere, with the rickshaw puller and the vegetable seller, so these companies have now fallen for the same work, they have fallen to this level where they want you.  To work for 80 years and pay you for 40 years, the biggest problem is that people have to release now and this is what I want to tell under my videos that senior management likes senior people but this channel of mine is for middle class.  And junior level, I am telling you that what you get is for listening carefully, you get one for doing minimum and one for basic performance.  If someone wants more than that performance then incentive structure will have to be put in place because like us we are share holders, we invest in the stock market, the maximum pleasure is ours, we will take the share of the bank, you are sucking the soul right now. Two or three things have happened recently, you people must have seen it in the tweet, if not then I will tell you which has gone viral. There is a lawyer, a senior lady lawyer. She posted a message that what do the people of this generation do in it?  The message was that ma'am come to me I am leaving this office at 8:30 now which is late as per him and every standard so tomorrow I will be coming at 11:30. He was not asking, whatever it was, he was informing.  And this thing was also made a big joke that look at the kind of children these days, they have to make up for it the next day, they don't have to burn out, why are they making fun of Millennials just because of their mother-in-law sometimes?  If this happened to you and you had to bear it, India was different, it was your compulsion, maybe your parents were very poor or your aspirations were like this or it was acceptable in the country. Once upon a time, this  There were whips in the country, indigo was cultivated, the British used to rule over us, so a lot of things were nonsense but the country is independent now slowly like we are 5 trillion 7 trillion 10  If we go towards a trillion dollars, our actions will behave like a half trillion dollar economy. People will behave less like these children of today. Their parents may have a full house, they may not be so helpless, so if they are behaving in this manner.  It's a very perfect way in fact everybody should behave like this and this needs to change why a work can't be done tomorrow not only Kabir Everyone remembers the couplet of Kaal do today, do it today, now there will be doomsday in a moment, when will Bahuri do it, it sounds very good, but brother, it was for those who procrastinate, who were not ready to do anything, this social culture has come.  Where work should have been done as of yesterday and then a new work again new work new work these managers are senior managers they are doing nothing except passing the  The parcel came from here, was laid there, stressed in, stressed out, they don't take anything and are moving up with their incentives, the lower employees should become the culture of India, brother, give money and watch the show, get 100 hours of work done, 120 hours. Will pay by the hour Why won't you If you start getting paid by the hour Then I'll see how much work they will have for you in  Freaks work which they have means now take out this data, then take out that data, then take out that way, now they give presentation, they give these clients, why do they become so many slaves of clients, why your foreign countries which are developed countries, western countries, are there any? This is how the work culture is, when their same company operates in India, they say that no, no, there will be changes at the last moment, we will do it, because if we do n't do it, then some other company will take so many people.  If so, then why are Indians so available? There is so much demand for work, they are given as examples and they are made fun of. And yes, when someone like Narayan Murthy ji comes and speaks, then if such a great leader is on the system.  The industry will come and say that the wife is a Rajya Sabha MP and they also take the example of Modi ji and say many times that Modi ji does so much work, Modi ji, there is a lot of difference between giving such work and doing the work.  Regarding Modi ji's age and stage and seniority, he has nothing else to do other than this, no bringing vegetables, no taking children for a walk, no giving medicines to parents, no one has any responsibility anywhere, now to expect that everybody else will do that it is not possible.  It just shows the heartless nature of the top management everywhere they will ban you out and then throw you like a used chingam like this  If you throw it away like this then whatever attitude you have, why do I have to come and make these videos and this channel again and again every month, to just tell there is nothing wrong happening, be ruthless in not getting misused, the amount of money I am getting from it. Do more work but there is no need to work twice as much. That is the message. If you are from a very poor family, you have many compulsions and you live in fear that you will be fired from the job.  So those who are forced to do off courses, their compulsion is taken advantage of, but I am saying that there is no need to be forced, if all the people are like this then it is not so easy to fire, hire again, select, train for those six months.  The company has to spend a lot during this period and all the companies have to now come to an end because when only the chief of Wipro says that he is there, he will come and say that there should be no work life balance.  There is so much need to be discussed about work life balance, so this every buddy has to do introspection because of that, brother, there is so much need to be discussed, so what are the reasons, stress is increasing, people have now started saying that  Marriage is an optional thing, having a child is an optional thing, sucking your soul on the job is not an option, it is not a choice, you have to do it or not.  To me, in the long term, the social fabric of the country will be affected by this, the GDP of the country will be affected, everything will be affected, just because you want corporate profits so much and to suppress corporate profits, I say the government should impose tax. Because if you suck so much blood and keep the profit of the employees at 25%, then the owner enjoys it a lot, doesn't it?  It is a lot of fun, get 80 hours of work done, pay for 40 hours and say that you have worked for the country for 40 hours. Which private enterprise is this and what is happening to the country? If they pay taxes, then they should do some other work.  What about the health cost which has been increased? That is not a negativity. People are having mental balance issues.  People are having health issues. People are having physical issues. People are having emotional issues. People are not getting married. Who will bear the brunt of all this? You have created a fad behind productivity to push China back. Be China first, first bring a party rule, first implement like there is communist party rule, get everything like that, do everything like that, and then start.  It means you want to start with what ever, it means you will not pay even after accessing it, you have to become China, you have to beat China, you have to beat China, it means it is typical, that is not the mindset of an Indian parent, seeing the neighbor's child showing off his child.  How many numbers do you take? How many takes? Hey, look at his neighbor's parents too. The parents will not be checked. Only the child will be checked. The pedigree of the parents has no meaning.  That How Intelligent How Very Intelligent Parents Are Child How Can Children Be Very Far From What Parents Are If Apple is in their DNA then Apple will do Apple Orange will be Orange Fish will be Fish Bird will be Bird Elephant will be Elephant So if we are elephant  If you are there then brother, you will move only at a cool pace, now you can beat the elephant, beat the hunter and whip it, it cannot become a horse, you have to move at the same pace, but rest of the things.  If we do well in some aspects in our country, if our growth is limited to 6.57, then this is productive productivity and it does not increase after 141 hours because of the law of diminishing returns. A person gets tired and unfortunately in our country the number gets reduced.  Only off arses can be monitored and due to glorification and glorification of the same, inefficiencies are lost in so many systems.  All the questions have come, how should I manage, how should I do this, if I do this, then we are benefited, but after coming here, we have to make videos because even we cannot bear so much, so many cases, so many cases, so many sad cases are coming.  People are sad, children are suffering from diseases in their 30s which were not heard of even in the last 50 years, that is, digestive gut issues are happening so much because food is not being eaten on time.  Stress is so much because everyone knows that whenever there is stress, gut issues come, food, digestive and all these issues come, so through this video of mine, what I want to tell as tech audience who is listening is to take tech.  It is a take away for all of you, don't take tension at all, don't take it at all on the job, do n't take it from inside at all, do n't take it at all because even your CEO is not taking it because he is also thinking how to offload his share.  Should I run away, with whom should I collaborate? When will the company take over the company's losses? Someone somewhere is doing anything by taking the money and you are like this and what is their expectation? Those who are startup owners, founders, owners are CEOs, top management, what is their expectation? He is taking as much stress of the job as he can because he is a direct beneficiary because he is the majority shareholder, you can take as much as you want, but how will you take that much, your company will take that much.  No, it's not your baby, the maid who works in the house can't take as much stress as the mistress of the house, she will sweep, run away, shout too much and ask someone else to get it done or increase the money and the money is not yours.  If you have to clean under the bed also and don't increase the money, you also have to get dusting done daily, so don't increase the money, you also have to get the fan cleaned daily, then it won't seem that much that there was a broom.  If the pot is used for cleaning utensils then the broom and mop are used on the floor. Where did the fan evolve in this? If the fan is evolved then you will get more money. Even the less educated maids are of lower class, they are so clear in your mind. If you are kept then the broom is used as a mop.  For I am address as an analogy I am not trying to put people down that you do this even I am not I am praising the lower class  He understands the class so well, there is a roar of eight hours, that's how much time will be spent, get more work done, get overtime done, if you have to pay money, get it done, see that contractor even dozen, even attempt, he says today you will get one and a half daily wage, three hours extra.  After resting, he gives half the daily wage. Dependent on, sometimes this kind of work gets stuck, but you people are getting misused. Even in RC aviation industry, I have seen everyone there is smart.  These happen because there is not much of a nuisance there. As soon as an aircraft lands in Mumbai and the connecting flight was going from Mumbai to Kolkata and it is raining in Kolkata and the pilot there is beyond his rating and another pilot has to be brought, then  This pilot's wife says that my working hours are still left but if my official duties were to end, do I have to pay all the allowances there, only then will the pilot sit in the plane, this happens a lot in many industries where  But if the employee has a lot of nuisance then check that if you have a nuisance then see and then if there is no nuisance then you will have to tolerate the nonsense. Be ready with that when you are selecting your skill set and your career and you are progressing then understand.  Do what is your nuisance ability in your organization. Never ever, whatever knowledge you are sitting with, then alone beyond that.  Sit down, don't share with your colleagues. Do n't be a team man otherwise you will be replaced. Be that spoken or what ever that item which cannot be replaced. If you can be very easily replaced because  Would want you to like that, I did different videos, one of my videos was a hit, Don't be a team man, okay, that's that too, I want to tell you that B.  Extremely smart, what ever knowledge you are sitting at sit on it, work should not work without you, it should be like this and those who are smart are doing this, those who are stupid, they keep sharing knowledge for free and keep feeling good, the boss comes and is very easy.  He will say, friend, this one should explain to him also, say sir, I don't have time to explain, there is a lot of time, I can't explain, I can't become anything, your boss will want you to be dispensable even.  If you have some skill sets and if you are dispensable then brother then only option left for you is sycophancy, this too many people are doing it well then you have to give feeling to the boss, you have to do sycophancy that is the only way you can survive but in work I often  -I am saying again and again, no, there is not that much work in India. If there was so much work in India, then how would so many people be unemployed. There is very little work in India.  Efficiency level is very low, mostly we are passing time as Indians, we are useless working today, those who sit here, our working is not like work today, it is the fact, but again and again someone says no, dig a pit, fill the pit, dig a pit.  The approach of 'fill it twice' is going on that every day dig a pit somewhere and then fill it, then sow and dig there. Why are you digging a pit, brother? If you are digging a pit, then go deep.  Water will come out in it, there is no purpose, there is no purpose, something, something, something has been twisted, the lower employees don't have that much intelligence, what is happening with the people at the top, you have to do more work in the matter of decision making, because there is a  Inefficient guy sitting on the top, his creativity wakes up at 5:00, then he starts distributing work. Brother, your creativity wakes up at 5:00, then your diary.  Make a note of it and get the work done tomorrow morning. If you wake up now, it will be done today itself. Whatever you were doing was routine, now there will be a meeting and that will be fun and it will be a lot of fun to torment people.  He comes because nothing good is happening in his house. Which I know that when I go to a cinema, no one in your house asks you, neither do children ask, nor does your wife ask, nor do you feel scared. While going home, I see many things. I am also explaining in the relationship course to those who want to enroll in my relationship course. Tell them, don't be afraid, tell the employee this simple thing, do n't be afraid that nothing will happen, don't be bad mouthed. Share this knowledge that you have taken with someone.  No, drink it quietly and be smart, it's okay, be smart, and don't burst the pod, it's okay, and that's another meme made for work, don't worry about work, and mention it by worrying about work.  Show that you are very concerned and mention it, do the work, don't worry, do worry and mention the concern, it is okay, the rest of the tension is not to be taken from within, there is absolutely no sense of ownership, who will be the owner, who will be the top management after the owner, who will be the sops.  A junior employee should not have any sense of ownership. This is what they will not teach you because many times I too used to get offers for some corporate training. Make fool of these employees, they get a lot of money, you have seen that a teacher calls by doing this and someone or the other comes and says 'Alam Balam', 'Come on, how is the Josh?  You should not go, you should say that your stomach is upset or you should not attend. If you attend then you will keep thinking about something else and you will be fooled. No one will come and tell you that you have to fend for yourself.  Always Have That Much Energy to Do Something on Your Own Work Hard Always Work Hard but Not for Your Company Work Hard for Yourself on Your Safe Once you work hard on yourself, you will reach a position where you will be able to add value  In the Life of Others and Then Nobody Can Replace You Easily and You Will Be Rewarded for What Ever You  Have to offer other wise, they will keep you as a ghost at the job, you will not be able to do anything else, you will go home, just take two pegs and then get ready again in the morning, or those who are not going to peg will be asked to do meditation, meditation is the worst thing to be made to do.  Meditation is not a bad thing but it has changed the way in the society, I will get up and do meditation, now you were sleeping, video on meditation is pending, if you want.  Write again because I am also scared of that. Last time I attempted it, I used a lot of abuses because at that time maybe I was not able to explain that much or maybe that much people were not ready to understand but if you are ready to understand now then I will definitely make a video.  I will like it and share it. Tell me how you liked it. Thank you very much.