Hello friends, you must have seen the topic interesting. Brother, talk about the facts. The video can be live changing. You watched it carefully and understood that I am India's number one clarity giver. I want to say this in the end of this video, you can tell me that.  Whether I am there or not, Guruji will not get my paper checked. If you have your own paper then write it in the comment area. When my paper will be checked number one clarity giver and if not then write nonsense nonsense meaning small word.  If I understand that nonsense too, then today I will tell you through examples and I will tell you why the fact is nonsense and what is above the fact. If you want to be rich, you want to be intelligent, then watch this video and this is the video that I  I have to tell the subscribers, don't send it to your subscribers, anyway this video will be copied, that's a different matter, but do n't send it to anyone, don't spread unnecessary knowledge, whoever got it, you can easily share it with them.  Let me talk about the facts, I will give you three examples and then move ahead. A board meeting was being held of an FMCG company which has stores in big cities as well as in small towns, so thefts were taking place, its data was very large.  In small shares, they found out the fact that if there were thousands of buyers coming to the shop, five thefts were happening at the shop, while in big shares, only two thefts were happening per thousand people, so it was very easy to take out insurance. Now we have to install CCTV cameras, we have to invest more money on security, even among the small lions, there are more thieves among the small lions. Brother, there are taxis, these are the facts, there is more theft here and thousands of people come here to buy Pachauri. Be it a caste, thousands come here to buy it.  There are two thefts, there is caste in the big city, so now we have to control them and catch them. This meeting which was taking place, brother, if you are a servant, then even if you remain a BP, keep sitting, you are a servant, you are middle class. Keep it in mind, many times people think that I have a salary of 50 lakhs, even if I have given you 40 50 60 70 80 lakhs, you are still middle class, you are not rich, even if you are sitting with a salary of 1 crore per year, then you are not rich, you are middle class, you are middle class.  Class upbringing, middle class thinking, then after discussion, when Malik signed it, Malik said hello hello sir, we have discussed the fact of you, you have decided.  Malik goes but when you understand things in Sanoj's way then only you will progress in life [Music] Four times more thefts were taking place in terms of actual theft incidence plus there the society is sold at a higher price and if the turnover was more then there would have been more thefts in the actual society.  It was happening there, then at Malik's dinner, the eyes of the rest of the people were raised that brother, you had given the interpretation of the thing after making it a fact.  I had left the people of the city and had declared while the theft is not much Malik moral science teacher has become the only one who has seen where my theft is happening most of the time, he had taken out the fat and given me, he was my first example and will give the best biodata. Listened carefully with me.  It's okay to go, let's talk about the facts. Brother, you know I am in real estate. I have very little relief at times. You people are also connected with me, for that, what is the percentage of India's land area in the world? Let's talk about the facts.  If you do n't know, then it is two percent. Okay, you check it. Two percent is our world's area, factory India's population, the world's population is also an idea of ​​140 crores, how much is the world's. If you divide it then this is the last decimal fact.  So now this third thing, the facts have been told to the public, brothers and sisters, 18% of the world's population is living in 2% of the land area, so the land will definitely become the power, brother.  Sir, take a plant, plant, plant, this land will do good for real estate, so this is a fact, number one clarity, if there are 140 crore people in our country, then there are 35 crore families, an average household of people, by the way, the strength average is 5 second principal.  If you take 35 crores, we need a house, it can also be a flat, I say this, there will be one person on the ground floor, one family, there will be no story, every person in the whole of India will have a ground, ₹100, every person will have a ground floor.  But if he stays, we will give him a house of 1000 feet. Who is the family? Average 1000 feet is too much, you know okay, we will give 1000 feet to the family and every person goes to do business, some go to school, less go to hospital.  If someone goes to Railways, he has only workspace there, be it a factory or something, we will give 200 square feet space to one person. 200 square feet means 20 Bye 10 feet camera, when a student goes to the class, the class itself is 10 out of 20. There are 40 students. Okay, so here we do not need to land everyone on the third floor, just like people do in restaurants, hotels.  Even if I am giving 20*10 rupees to a person inside or outside the place, even then if we say that every family in India will live on the ground floor, every family will live in 1000 feet.  People also live in jhumki huts, you know it is okay, people also live in 100 feet, 150 feet, 200 feet houses in Mumbai, you know where I am from, everyone will live on the ground floor in India and everyone will live in 1000 feet, even then brothers and sisters. When you add, not even 1% of India's area is divided. Yes, it is a mountain, it is a mountain, we have many rivers, it is the desert, it is the Run of Kutch, remove all this, brother, I am still on the ground floor.  If I stay, I don't have less than 1% land then this thing and how this is not a tax relation. You understand, I will explain it to you very well with the third example and will tell you what is important. Stay connected in the video, only then you will know that. What is important than doing and the real India and the people who have become successful and rich, what do they focus on first, what does any person focus on, I am going to teach you that, join the middle of this video.  If you are enjoying till now, please like it and also write MSG. Take a breath, do not get angry. If you have not understood something yet, then we will move on to the third example. Battle of Britain was a part of World War 1939.  It was the time of 19441, when Hitler's Germany used to attack and the fighter planes there used to go to fight. They were in the Battle of Britain. Well, it was the time of World War, so when their ships returned, it was very sad.  The English pilots and the English engineers and all of them saw that the oil that was in the fines behind the ship had a lot of bullet marks on it and there were a lot of bullet marks on the wing as well, so they sent back 100 ships.  There are so many bullets in each of them, so now they said that we will apply armor plating on it so that it gets protection because there are more than 100 of them, there are so many bullet marks and holes, these are six dogs.  Do you know that in a fighter plane, as you increase the weight of the fighter plane, the capacity of the fighter plane which you throw on the enemy reduces, then if someone throws a bomb of 250 K or 500 K or 1000 K? If there was love plotting then it will be less then it is ok but he will get some clarity on time, he came like me, listen listen listen these are the facts.  These are the facts, listen, this is a factory, wait, listen, listen, these are the facts, brother, this is the ship that came back here, it is not necessary to put it on the engine, put it on the engine, a ship did not come back, on which the engine got stuck and the engine is from Jhajha, it is an astrophy protected wing.  It will go here, it will go here, the plane will keep flying, I am order thinking, order thinking is not facts, facts are not needed, you have to apply your mind in everything, do n't chase data, this is what you are taught.  To make your bawdi moustache, remember whenever every person throws facts at you, whether it is Dhruv Rathi, it is okay to be number one, not all those children of seventh class, it is okay to Google it or any political party or any person or any institution or anyone.  Also remember the facts, he is a cat of yours, he is fooling you, remember this, a very dangerous situation is looming, if ever you have a factory and what is important, I will tell you one more thing of fact. In India, a person in India is worth more than a thousand crores, he has wealth worth more than a thousand crores, he is the most beautiful to look at, many girls have been crazy about him for many years, brother, tell me who he is, he speaks Greek God, he is a top film star, he gives super hit pictures, he is coming soon.  It is going to be on 25th January, you will remove some facts and a great example of this, I just came across a picture, of course he puts a lot of premium on his time, I did not see anything in this, it is okay, last time I was disappointed.  When I say something, by the way, but young but darling, you will get to learn all about the facts and what else, I won't do anything more solar in future, so this is the biggest thing, facts are asked by the middle class, so these are the facts, brother, these are the facts.  This is okay, it is fat when it becomes data and fact, that is the important thing before that, brothers and sisters, trends are trends, what is presentation, there is something more important than this, trends, I have already explained it before.  Money Man Set Series 3 Video Number Three On Me Sangu Live Sutra Channel Iconic Video Jin Jin Ne Dekha Hai Bahut Appreciate Kiya Hai Chupa Chua Heera Hai Channel Pay Jaana Padgae By Subscribing Na Padge Play List Mani Man Set Playlist Dekhne Padgae Video Number  Three is debu tu trends dat isse d number one video I have produced in no this one is probably giving competition to that one this one is giving it to us so this is the best of this channel right now the creator knows who  The best happens, rest of the world, anyone has the power to do it, so now understand carefully, this is going to come here, now I have read this, this is a fact, before the fact becomes a fact, there is a trade, it is late to see the joints, it is late to understand, which is this Seeing the trade is late, understanding it is late, Life is lived according to this trade, It is a happier relief, It is a more successful relief, More money is earned, When it was seen that so many houses have been built, So much has happened, Dwarka Expressway has been built, Karan Arjun came. After coming to Kanar Arjun, what we have seen is that what decision has to be taken next is that he is late on the facts. Many people keep waiting for the facts only. It is very important to catch the trends but there is one more thing that I will focus on today.  I am introducing for the first time because earlier I had made it till the trends, so see that for the trends, today something is coming for you guys before that, brothers and sisters, even before the trade, what is this here, this is the trends, what is this you have.  Sometimes  Have you seen that when there is a fight, is it based on facts? The fact is that you reduce your salary from morning to evening, you earn a lot, you reduce it even for promotion, your husband is good, he also pays the children's school fees, all the seven promises.  Even if you are fulfilling your duty, you are fighting with your wife, it is difficult, even if it is a good fact, but when you start telling that fact, then the wives, even the wives have not brought 50 facts. Your mother had treated her like this, this is what happened at the time of marriage. You know that women have a very good memory and a man always has a surprise test and fails, so the fact is that he is a but what is the real thing, the fillings are divided into trades. What do you feel about the people who are leaders who talk about politics? In the last election, people gave percentage to this party, this party got this much vote, it got this much OBC vote, this one got s's vote, this one got cent's votes.  Put this to the General's put to that, the share of votes here was so much, this Haj has gone, no meaning, it is the facts, it is of no meaning, what is the feeling of the public in 2024? So, I am a grassroots leader who I also consider myself to be and  I do concentration and all this is just a relief on feeling. By feeling on pulse, then trade will be seen and from trade, by the time the result fact comes, juice has been extracted in the song and this which  People of 7th, 8th, and 10th level debate like Dhruv Rathi on the question why am I late again and again, people say, 'Oh brother, why are you wasting the time of dead crores of people?'  You can also make this video. Do you know this article has been written, the soldier has said that this is the soldier, someone has said, the retired soldier has said, the serving has said, who has said, it has nothing to do with it and if he has said it, then this is it.  So everything is true because one person has said it and it cannot be a lie. The farmer has said it, he has said it, if the leader has said it then it will be a lie, everyone else will speak the truth, someone will take someone else's article and paste some of the story, do it like this and say this.  This is his report, this is his report, this is his report, this is based on facts, you have agenda politics, in any of my videos I do not talk on facts, I talk on trade, I am talking to you on feelings and also on feelings. Feelings are seen in yours, when your marriage breaks then it becomes fat that before that the marriage was a trade, what is going on, before that there were feelings which were not addressed and felt and it is important to tell this to the man because women go on these feelings.  Yes, they know what is happening but do you know that their feelings are not there, so they are not involved in decision making in investment? Here I will help you. How did you like this video and how did you understand it? First of all, look at the feelings in your life, what is the feeling of most of the people? Boys should not marry. If there are feelings, then what will happen next? Will there be trade? Why is the feeling because he is bitter with girls? What is the feeling of bitterness with girls? Why is it because girls are not attracted?  If you are not able to attract, then you are not getting sex, you are not getting sex, there is more porn, there is more masturbation, you yourself are indulging in wrong habits, now there is attraction and that is not there, do n't go and teach someone in real life. Now whatever thing is available to do, otherwise it will become sour grapes, it will become sour grapes, then will you say that the conscious conscience will go here because for the purpose of fulfillment in life, something is needed for the purpose, not normal like.  So I did not understand because here you have spoiled your program, you have no job, no money, no girlfriend, no sex, porn, masturbation, fatigue, irritability, low self-esteem, all this.  Feelings is here Raita of Feelings is roaming Feelings is rate here Trade is from trade Then you will understand the facts in 5 years India Youth Note Marrying Children Note Happening Growth Rate Coming If that is a fact then you will wait for the facts in 2035 Dhruv Rathi  Those who are viewers, you have to wait for the facts. Here Guruji is first telling that brother, we will correct these feelings. Brother, no one guides you, your parents do not talk about these things, if no one else is talking about these things, then address this feeling, when there was so much hue and cry in Just See Around Yourself and the tenants of the dhaba were insulted by these de sense.  He was playing mutual fund mutual fund, we have to put a little bit of money in the house, so much money is coming into the house and when he used to come to the house with Kovind on the door.  Malik used to enter the house and if the tenant was not allowed to enter, he would not be allowed to see the tool brush. You are the only one in Oyo's room who is very pale and pale, so the wife has now told him that you are serving my house.  If you are sitting with a package worth 60 lakhs, 70, 80 lakhs, then I don't have a house, suddenly someone will leak from my wife's mutual fund and will keep on breaking it. You must have given me a house and raised your children in it because Govind  Told that anyone can drop at any time, the ship's program was going on for 20 years here, yours ended in 8 years, then they don't even know, these cases also come, I don't know how many demats have been opened, ICC is the one doing trading in Zerodha.  There is a zero and lion story in direct investment, there are 18 types of mutual funds opened in SBI, some are kept on paper, some are kept in demat, some are kept directly, some are kept zero percent.  Some railway commission employees are relieved here, when the person cries later, to understand whose right it is, or the feeling that was coming when the person left, then I knew that the real estate has to do it now because above.  The father-in-law also beat me, the father also beat me, brother, take it from us, 10-10-15 lakhs have become your 30, you burst your mutual fund, take 60 Dr payment, a lesson worth one crore, a real lesson of one crore, a red crore. Till the state, feeling started from feeling, I came feeling, who understood well, what is connected with feeling, with feeling, then trade started to be made and with trade, now facts will start coming, then articles, now people wait here for facts, for facts.  Don't wait, facts about no meaning and facts that I have told you very selectively in three beautiful examples to show you that those facts  They are being told but they should tell, show and explain that something else is going on and there is no relation between these two. It is something like you have seen many nonsense people who say that tu plus tu equal tu five will do it by using some formula.  When one starts, the story is that he is pro, he is late, mother takes it, there is some trick, 2+2 can never be a fee, you know, but people do it many times, they show the mathematics of squaring the two.  Then it was done like this, then it was mined, then it was turned on, then it was proved that they deceive you by telling stories like this and that person did not know how they do the calculations of a person, then this you  People have to understand how you felt about this video. It is okay to share and discuss with everyone and sorry, I did not ask you to share, I am fine not to share this one, it is ok not to share, so don't share because it lets people but facts.  ok i did  I have graduated, normally such videos are made of trees but I am of the opinion that no problem, no problem, the weather and season has been such that things should be explained and understood, but you should understand this thing in detail workshops and how to monetize them. How to follow the trends, which trades are going on where now, which ones are going on in which city, which asset class is going where, these are the facts on Onida Daily Basis, I don't know about the facts. I predict that this will happen first, only then I get the courage to speak with number one clarity, I don't even have tea as my father, it's okay now, I have never drank alcohol or cigarettes, I have never been intoxicated, so I am making a video. Video: There is no ego in my ego, you will not see ego on my face and there is none. Now you write to me in the comment area. Am I clear? If I am not your number then write nonsense, write it. It is okay to write only if you like it.  talk That friend, this is all logic, don't count on facts if you are me subscribers till the facts, the cream has been taken out of the milk, milk has the maximum fat and cream, when the buffalo comes out of there by doing like this, is n't it, in Haryana we took it out.  It happened that they come out like this, most of them come there amidst the dung, the dirt behind them also appears like this and it also looks strange and they have to keep the bucket, they also pour so much water in the bucket, secondly, those who stand there in the beginning. Neither do they look down, they are standing there, they do n't see the doli standing bent down, so much water was poured in it and only her brother Saheb was cutting the wire, everything is fine in front of you, there is a problem, if they had poured milk in it too, then when they were there.  If you are taking it out from the market, then take it out from the same lot, either take it out in this lot or in your vessel, only then complete Azaan When it comes to the market, it comes out slowly, then all its goods keep coming out, so hold yourself from there.  is that fact  When it comes as per what is written on it, it is 5%, but by then its taste has gone, the people of Haryana will understand that it comes due to fear of taste, so understand, catch it, first do anything, only router thinking, what is happening youngster.  What are the poor people doing? What are the rich doing? What are the middle class doing? What will happen to this? What will happen to this and what will happen to this? Every order increases in relief. Those who reach the 67th order are like this.  earn  And those who are included in the facts here, in the first order, such a fact is this, okay, this is the fact, this is the tomato fruit effect of Bhai Saheb, okay, and the factors are nothing but if we put it in knowledge, then tomato is a fruit, this is knowledge but wisdom is this.  Note CUTTING IT IN FRUIT SALAD Fruit Salad I am fine I am fine Fruit Salad Many weddings of fruits Fruit salad is cut in marriage Isn't that tomato cut seen in my  But tell me brother, the factor is tomato is a fruit, so cut fruit does not get cut in salad, it is wisdom, I came today, I hope I drilled it well, my subscribers will not say that the teacher talks about facts, he is that fact. He talks on facts because he has less hunger and the one who has a lot of hunger will talk on feelings and when people understand the feelings then the relationship will also become good.  Investment will also be good. People should understand the world and people should understand the pain of the world. People should understand the pain. Find out their pain point. The dog who is late will find success in life by finding relief from these 3 points. All the businesses are finding these 3 points in life.  If you have been a Jhajha reader, then he would sit and give you all this knowledge on Feelings every time, not even in words, you will get to learn in such a manner in India, otherwise, be very happy that you are my subscriber, you are listening to me.  It's just because I have n't received the Nobel Prize yet for anything. Do you want Bharat Ratna or do people have a habit of getting something? Show me more credentials. Hey credentials, what should I tell you about mine? Someone wrote in the comment that you are yours. Guruji says to you, what is the credential? Bhai Ramdev ji has a retention certificate, he will definitely show it [music] Try doing what I am saying in your life, if you succeed, your life will become good.  If it becomes fun, if your eyes open, if you enjoy, then it was a very good thing, now I am roaming around here with some certificate paper, just take any certificate of something and show it inside the nonsense, the same is the course, the story can go as per your wish, same sir, data, that's why  Because the papers have been taken out, someone has made some changes there, after reading them, those slides are lying there, there is no point, so stay connected with them, don't lionise, if you want to take membership, then you can take membership, you can join Pathshala. I also plan to do workshops. I will do a big workshop on decision making in a timely manner. I think I plan to do it in the first week of October. Okay, so you must attend it. The two and a half hour workshop on decision making will be very good, so it will be good.  You must attend and don't miss the match. Thank you very much.