Hello friends, how is your retirement planning affected after this budget? I am giving clarity to the youth. Long term capital gains tax has increased from 10 to 12. The question on the 125th half is not about that. The question on the 2nd half is about the tragedy. It is just a matter.  My guess is that the way the politics is going on in the country this time, Earning money from stock market is always considered the work of the rich and that this is earning money without any hard work, so if Tragedy has come at 12:30 pm, it was introduced in 2018, in 2017 the capital gain was zero, so just imagine if you have any  Had advised 10 years ago that brother, mutual fund is right, SIP is right, so much will happen, if it has been so much in the last so many years, then there were two mistakes.  There one is to file that return further and second is not to charge tax on that return. If you just imagine 123 is already done then it has gone further to 15 20 25 30 in future because government will run out of ideas.  To collect tax, now tax is on your income, you earn money, after deducting tax you get the money you spend, beyond that you have to pay GST anywhere. End  Even if there is a gain beyond what you invest, you will be taxed, so in a way this huge middle class is getting trapped in the trap. The poor are not in this trap and the rich are already rich, they have come out of all this.  Because of things, his income remains at a very different level, so what you can do and what will happen now, which was a one trick pony system of financial influences, Ankur Warku ji, Akshay Srivastava  Yes he is finance with Sharan hai and rest of them I am forgetting another name who lives in Raipur what is his name Finn I am just forgetting he used to talk sometimes he himself invests in real estate now you will find lot of  People talking about real estate I have always been talking about real estate I have always said that equity is very good we should always say that people of Haryana say that  Is it just one bowl or not two bowls? We will also eat kheer and rasgulla too. So the time has come to mix and match. Now you will see a lot of financial influence also taking towards residential real estate. But now I am the clarity giver when I say that.  At that time, he used to say that when everyone used to say that no no no, this is how it is in real estate, you will have to give so much loan, what is the benefit and he used to tell the calculations.  Then I used to say, it's great, go out, I used to explain, Rental Heald and all that, now I am telling, now as there has been a change here, now I am telling that in residential real estate, now you have to be picky, choose is not blind, there was  At a time, three to four years ago, did you purchase anything anywhere in India, whether residential in any city, whether you purchased a plot, booked a flat, or purchased a ready-to-move or under-construction property.  Every person has made a lot of money. Look at the top 100 cities of India. Rates have also increased even in small cities. It is okay now that finding value in the market is not extremely easy. Here too guidance will be needed. Read with logic towards this I am real.  I conduct estate info webinars. Opportunity to see you in the comment section regarding the same which would give you better hand holding.  The market will no longer be about giving general advice that real estate is good or bad there by anything, it is very very specific, it is extremely specific and in the coming time, we all have to plan like this, which I am telling you youth, whatever.  Suppose he is listening to me now, even at the age of 25, 30, 35, 40. Even at the age of 45, he is listening to me, even in the next 10, 15, 20 years. Your retirement time will come in 30 years. For 45 year old, it will take 15 years. For 30 year old, it will take 30 years. You can expect atleast in next 15 years even if you are 45 year old. Okay, so that the tax rates will be 30 but you will be from the same.  Do planning, now you are at 125. Whatever planning you have to do for your retirement portfolio, you should assume that  It is at 30 when it comes to long term You will be surprised to know how far the taxes can go in Canada It is at 50 I am not comparing India and Canada but by the way I am telling you how far the taxes can go in Canada We are not  Very close to that development status but anything can happen because now my channel is more political and I talk about politics more openly, my channel is Guruji from Gurugram there.  Know what I am saying is try to understand Ishara This government has done it The alternatives which we have without making it too political Is khatkhat khatkhat That khatkhat khatkhat People will also put tax only And will they bring money from their home through air Who will be taxed  If you pay it from here then how much tax will come knocking knocking 20 But the government can come as per its wish, once the tax is done, brother, now look at that slab, later there will be so much inflation, salaries will increase, everything will happen, but the minimum issue is stuck at 3 lakhs, not 5 lakhs, not 78 lakhs. Look at the slabs, how concentrated they are there, no matter how tax comes, no one will leave the dispensation that is being given, it is like reservation in this.  Country can be from 50 to 90, it cannot be reduced, similarly taxes are there, taxes can be increased at some places, cannot be reduced, if it is reduced at one place, if done from 20 to 125, then indexation cost will be removed. Very good video to understand the indexation cost. I have put it on my Sango Real Estate channel and have tried to tell you about it as an example, so you can go to that channel also and watch it, but youth should not get disappointed in this way, what is happening? All this will happen, you have to see what is controllable, the paper is becoming difficult, you will have to study the paper of life, you will have to study the paper of investments, you will have to learn, you will have to be dynamic, there was no one like that, I used to say earlier also that life is not so simple, do a job, do SIP.  Mutual fund is correct, my video about mutual fund is still due, there are some reasons for that that I am not posting it so soon. If I get support from your side then please let me know and in that too I will tell as much as I see fit. I am very much.  Whether there is any advice in it or not, not too much knowledge is to be given, especially for free, this is also a fact, you have to see that it is a very dynamic world, the influencers come and make videos like us, they also have to check whether the game is what.  There is a video on this and there will be a follow up video of mine if you want. If you want, basically what the government wants is that by doing this they have increased the long term capital gains tax in the share market.  So it has been done from 10 to 125 and the indexation cost of real estate has been removed, so what is the purpose, what is the region, is there something else also or every time we say this, these people are taking taxi because many times there is opposition to it and this kind of thing.  If things are also done then that too, if you want then write in the comment section that brother, if we direct the government, the government will not tell these things openly but only for the good of the country.  It is only for our good, what happens sometimes is that parents do some things and are not able to tell much, then sometimes my father and government are also like this. It is not right to blame every time and do that too. You have to understand the larger. Picture: Although in Guruji from Gurugram, I do this very politically, it is okay that I do it by talking like this to the government and this to the ruling party, but sometimes you have clarity on other things also, so if there is clarity on that thing.  If you want, please write on the comment section, follow the video, you will get it immediately, thank you very much.