So people say, I am afraid that I will lose my job. Yes, I will give it to you. There is such a fear too, so brother, take such a thing that it will leave the house. Somehow, take a loan from your family. Let me give you a new idea. Let's say I bought a house worth Rs 1 crore and I invested Rs 20 lakh from my savings. I took a loan of Rs 80 lakh. Now I am telling you a very big thing carefully and there are some technical things in it too. They can recheck with CA.  A  Disclaimer, whatever I am about to say, now I am afraid of losing my job, so I have to live somewhere, I have already paid 20 lakhs, so only the rent of 35000 is left, that is my  Even if I had lost my job, I had to give it. Yes, even if I had remained alive, I would have been okay. Now, can I take a loan of Rs. 20 lakhs from my parents, can I take a loan of Rs. 20 lakhs from my in-laws, brothers and sisters, and give them?  I can pay in the form of EE and get income tax rebate. It is authorized by law. You will have to pay. Okay, if you are paying interest to your father, then the government gives income tax rebate. Please check the disclaimer again, so I will inform the bank now.  My father is getting it at Rs. 6, I am giving it to the bank, so ca n't I do Mandwa at Rs. 7 with my father, my father is getting it at Rs. 6 only, I am supporting him.  From there it got reduced to one and a half, now tell me Nikhil Kamat ji, tell me, I have done the rental at 3, yes, now I say no, father, I am not even addressing the poor people, my audience is middle class, which is the house which is there?  Do n't sit with the FD, it's not theirs, the child's job will work, that child robbed me, this one took me away, he became like Raymond and so on, brother, if you don't have faith in your production factory then  If the bank is ready to give the bill, then what is the game to be played? How does the bank give the property? What does the bank say after getting the property mortgaged? Dad, take this paper to me, brother, get it in the name of mother, you are giving the money, mother.  Get someone's name entered in the registry and in Haryana, UP and other states too, you can chase it. Adding name to family member, removing it and giving it to each other is free of cost. Do n't pay for registry again. Lawyers can chase it. If I take a loan of Rs 20 lakh from my father then I have put the name of my father or mother, now that name has been put, brother, you have become the owner, after that we will say and we are also giving you interest, owner.  Even after this, if you bring your mother-in-law and father-in-law, then what if you have lost your job, what kind of disaster has come, it is in your father's name, but his money is not going anywhere, if you have lost your job, you will also get it.  Which default is happening? It was the father who had to give it, he defaulted but did not give it for two months, after that he gave it. Yes, how much was the load? Now wo n't you tell? You told 20 and 20 and 20 you gave 60, now yes, take a loan of 40 also. We are getting 35000 rupees for the loan of 40 rupees, we had to pay the rent as well, it is equal to that, brother, we will not do the calculation when you are living on rent.  Even if you lose your job then you have not made any arrangements, she tells me, all the waraks tell me, keep six months emergency fund for one year, then you have to keep that one too, you are not able to buy a house by keeping that one, how can there be logic?  Yes, and I didn't tell you how cute it is in the beginning. Brother, her face is visible at the wedding. Tell me, there should be a house number here, put it in it, and just like gold is called 'Stree Dhan', declare it as 'Stree Dhan', there is no tax.  This  The thing which will be bought at the time of marriage within 90 days is a woman's wealth and those ladies declare that in wealth, I got it at the wedding, the world was given to me, yes, wedding gifts are all tax free, absolutely yes, let's go.  House f is not crore let n average middle class I am speaking thick mathematics 15 lakh girl's father 15 lakh boy's father 30 lakh 5 lakh girl's savings 5 ​​lakh boy's savings because something  So you must have done a job, you have got 40 lakhs, it is fine and all the 20 lakh relatives together have reached 60 lakhs, we have reached 60 lakhs, take a loan of 40 lakhs, your house worth one crore is done, what is the problem and if it is under construction.  If you are living with Rs 80-90 lakhs, then your money is going away in four years, then you have booked the first one, see it is possible, tell me one thing which should not be said but.  The example is bad but still it is coming out, so the one who wants to take drugs, arranges for someone to do some mattress work, when your yearning for him can be so much that it should not be there, why don't you give it so much importance.  I can tell the house that this is something that I have to do, water is water m