Hello friends, today's good topic is about this Baba's system. You are understanding everything is fine, I am also a Chhotu Baba, it is fine and when I too get messages, I realize that what a game it is, right.  And how does it work, so today I am going to share such a great video with people, I am not going to take the name of any particular big name, those who speak like this are all frauds but this is what happens and this is how it works, I am full inside.  That's what's inside this other big hoon, other platforms comes and talks nicely, supposes and there's something that people can relate to, it reduces people's pain of losing or makes them feel good, so there's a lot of wonderla in people's lives. Okay, like I do not mean astrology, one of the main things, you people must have seen through my videos, I do a lot of things. Okay, from real estate in real space to spirituality of monitors, everything is my own.  Okay, people come with a lot of devotion, they come with a lot of respect, because even if I liked them, I would break my mask by telling them a very heavy consultation fee. Is it okay that they have so much money and suddenness?  If you fall in my eyes, you too, you too, behind the money, I am very fine, because I don't want to hang people, okay, because what are the people, they are absolutely dubbing, many and many times, is that you, if swimming is not known to them.  They will know that if you are drowning someone, then if you go near him, he will also drown you. You have to keep him at a distance and do not let him drink too much water, he will drink a little and just keep him afloat and You have to swim like this, he will come near but you are taught, I have learned that this one who survives has to be kept away by slapping his hand with the leg, otherwise he will hang completely and will panic, okay, this is what is in life, now what?  which is  These babars exploit them, their front is free, everything is free, it is our movement, if they give money then people start ditching, the middle class suffers a lot, no one is making any money from it.  If he comes to know that the very lower class has no money, then people can make ₹ 2400 crore by just mapping the numbers and counting ₹ 200 each, then they can make ₹ 2400 crore. My audience is the middle class, so I am addressing them more that this game of stupidity is going on at a different level and if it is going on, we the middle class are in great trouble because of this game, but we too.  It is not that middle class people enter and enter the games, but they are not fasti but they are fasti in Wonderblaze because in the story also some person is telling you a simple thing that where there is no one in earning money.  Just say it straight to your face, I will take money from you, just like someone else says to you, you must have heard it, you are a bald bald drug addict, in the beginning when someone had to get into the habit of drug, they had to give him the drug for free, in the beginning someone should say something.  No one cares if I take so much money for this, now as if I am mine, then someone in my name wants to do drugs, I pay a few rupees in the beginning, this is the fee, then he runs away because I am not actually doing drugs. I am adding value, so now someone comes to me with a problem - mother has been robbed, husband has gone to ruin, Guruji, you are the only one who has enough money. If someone wants to buy a house worth Rs. 2 crores, it means that he does not have the money, but he is poor.  No, now I have told you your consultation fee. If you tell me something, then switch it off immediately, that is, how did I help him? Brother, whatever problem you have, it is below this consultation fee because off course you have to resolve it.  Only two things can happen with the consultation fee, Shakti, your problem will be solved, after clapping, he will go away happily, he will say thank you and then he will come again or will send it to someone, or you will be cheated that brother, it did not taste good, there are only two things.  Shakti, you just went to watch the movie, the ticket was for ₹ 300 ₹ 500, you had fun, which is called getting money, so you enjoyed it, there is no cheating and the movie turned out to be nonsense, so what?  People will not go there again to see the actor. This much will be there, you will not be losing any more than this, but where this babo's system is running, what is there in the beginning, it is seen that it is free, wherever things are free there. URD products should stand up, but middle class people don't stand up. Wherever they go, now they will charge. You will come to know and then your heart will break. They have to do it. Take the name of anyone to get hundred percent. I am the one who is 1990 percent good.  good institutions Everyone is running, everything is going well, but they need money, hey, he is also late, he is so late for yoga, that English speaking person is downstairs, he is doing some engineering, he is also doing money, as many people as he is, the expenses are gone in the beginning.  Why don't you tell in the beginning, because if you tell in the beginning then no one will come, it is a truth, now what people like me do is tell in the beginning, now I have platinum membership, its fee is very high, no one has joined without it. very much  She said that even in Netflix they do n't talk much, check it out too, it adds value to you, there are courses in it, all the webinars, links to all the webinars are free, the old content is there, there is an astrology course, there is an astrology course, I would like to start teaching, I am not a consultant.  Lot of people are approaching me for consultation I am not doing but if you want I can refer you I am someone give it a match cheaper  Give me more butter, he is gone, he is butter and money is also less, I am late, so why do you think more money, I am more, I am more late, now I am the one telling you, I am that consultant astrologer, once in my life someone came to me.  Then again, she definitely doesn't have any chance of getting close to me or anyone else in her life, but as of now, I don't have any advertisement of my own, I am not doing it, right now I am just teaching those who want to learn Astrology, I will start a new one in Navratri.  If the batch is ok then join, I will do something in a different way, it will definitely happen in platinum membership, if you also, I will start a star bar, if someone has a shop only in astrology, but he does not want to give a monthly payment, but that is different.  There is a buffet, but if you want to take someone, it is different, so come again. Okay, look, now I am not in the middle, I don't send anyone else's till 20, I have a lot of offers, so I also have to sell myself, otherwise.  Meaning, something has to be done, okay, so let's move ahead, so these are the Baba's who are the most exploited, they take the Wonder Ability and catch hold of you and in Wonderlaati, you go to them at speed, then there are some Baba's who are only old people.  Attract and their template is to bed mouth the next generation. These are the stories of Gujarat and they enjoy it a lot. They are from Gujarat and there are two-three more like this. You may not meet them, you may not even know their name.  Address  If you know the name then you can write it. It's okay. People's awareness will fail. I don't want to take the name unnecessarily. It's okay for me not to mess with everyone so much, but that is a simple way to attract the old people. Come tell the old people what did you get, how are your children.  Has everyone come here? Now is this here to give anything? Then there is that one with the ladies. Is it okay to do that with Rajasthan etc. Tell me which one is that. She says leave her husband and take refuge in her, which is this.  God knows that by doing this, many women get peace. Tell me the one who has trouble in her merit life or any woman. Today I am going to tell you, watch this, it is going to be a very interesting video, join me if you are okay.  You are a woman, your wife is Shakti, if your husband is listening, he is his trouble inside the house, cooking food, going to school, picking up children in the morning, husband can do anything, Shakti is there, okay, now play with him, he is his problem.  Addressing him, helping him, doing his own contribution, now all of them are hanging in terrible ways, sitting comfortably in saree and you are the one, now these five days have become a day, oh these 5 days, 7 days are not there.  The story also went on caste is right wood have enjoyed only right right right wood have felt peace only because of eye or dirt and gone there okay mommy or there are many whose husbands have gone and children and children and that  They don't help, they don't say Namaste, it's okay, they do n't say Namaste, they are sitting like property, I don't care about anyone, they are taking all the institutions like this, but yes, we are a little bit because they are the ones who are talking, the next generation is actually useless.  These are the terms of fear of retirement, if I see your property worth Rs. 4 crores, then I will go there because is old age such a thing, isn't there someone who is 6263 years old and 65 years old?  So brother, he can live till 95, he needs 30 years of emotional support, he needs Namaste, he doesn't have a husband, he doesn't have money, when I don't have him, he is in the form of property and the family members are also living in the property and they don't even say Namaste because they also feel that  This is our home chicken's jaaye dal par type type, I have got such a feeling, because now there are many people in the market, I am telling you how this public is sitting here to exploit the crackers of your family.  All are models, women are women, elderly are elderly and now those with children have also come, the conscious 20's left today, what did your parents do? Are your parents happy? If you look at your parents, don't you feel happy?  What is there in them, they studied, got a job, then got married, then gave birth to me, then gave birth to my brothers and sisters, kept fighting among themselves and like this, there are also two or four diseases and kept fighting among themselves, in that you have thousands of happy days.  Who  He was never captured even on Time Photograph, never even on WhatsApp, never on Facebook, he is not there, friend, how can you remember, I am addressing the children, 24 years old, 28 years old, when you first came into the hands of your father.  The feeling of when the delivery took place from the hospital, that father unfortunately does not tell, the fault lies within the family, this is my channel, this is the family channel, what I have discovered, leave everyone's knowledge, all religion, all comfort, all joke.  It is inside the house only and people say that the tribulation is a challenge. The one who is standing at the border is a brave man who has been a child to us and is giving us protection, our soldier brother, but the one who is the mother of the family and the head of the house is also no less brave because his loved ones.  To fight with, to quarrel with one's own, the one who is for the enemy, the one standing on the border has a gun, someone will come and kill him, it is clear who is the enemy, who is his friend, who is his family.  The family is 500 kilometers away from here, he is standing on the border, he is doing very great work, I am taking his example, he does not have much role in this video, it is okay, the family is standing in the mother's house, whose wife was given to the daughter, not the daughter. Gave it to him, Gave it to his mother, Why did he give it, Why didn't he give him time? Everyone is dancing with the man, He is getting buttered, So Babaji is sitting for him too. If the children do not do what you say, no man, then you are like this property. Yes, property batch, do everything, teach a lesson, but do not fall prey to these babus and external influences. He has grown up and talks rudely. If you are the father, there is a difference between you and the father because we say, Father, God is very big, we.  Father is the supreme father, his is a very big thing, what are we doing today, mother and mother become very concentrated, mother and mother are very respectable, heavy, but as they say in movies or in life, or there is too much footage, it means I want to reduce it.  I am not speaking but I am from, the role of the father should also come from the story, the mother has given birth to one, after 10 years the role of the mother becomes mostly that of worrying, doing less, giving birth is a bigger thing than the one who gives birth. No power, it's okay, they give birth to you by risking their lives, okay, they are very revered, but in this, father is now mother is revered, so father can't be like this, can a bad boy give love to a bad girl, he is a father because if one of ours Supreme Father is a man, so even with him, we can do anything as a gateway and his hand is there for us. If you always tell us according to your feeling, what kind of relief it is, do you think that your sorrow will be defeated or not?  Didn't remember him, did n't remember him for so many days and then when you are in trouble then you remember this father in real life, this is the real father and he is actually there by connection only, your child has not done yesterday for 3 months, 2 months  not from and then tomorrow Hey papa, I want this, dad, I want this, if you get stuck like this then you should unite the whole world, but dad doesn't do it because I am the only person who can tell him this thing from inside, the rest gets sorted out, Namaste, it has been sorted out, okay.  My ideology is that when I say that if unruly children misbehave, then you have to ask your friends what mistake did you make, either you gave birth to them or you have made a mistake that is why they are misbehaving.  It is your fault, because I am the elder one in the Shivalinga, I have heard it myself and my younger one, someone gave me a very small one, I am still 2 years younger, okay, you are elder, you are elder, you are elder, if you are elder, then you are elder.  When the formula of 'Wale' is now applied on big people, all the addresses you people, siblings, Vibhuti, rags, rags, then how can you write down the dog, you identify with this ID, if it is okay, then he was called 'Bade Wale', so he is big.  Whether you are 2 years older, 3 years older, increase your dead years, increase it by two and a half years, you are big, you are big, you are big, your parents are even bigger, aren't you, when you are 2 years old, brother support, you too are mature and heart should be bigger and everything should be better. Okay, then why mother is not yours, if she grows up for 25 years, then write the name of all the Indians in the families who created this non-SD milk, Mother of India, the day before yesterday.  The one who told the family to talk to the family again, do not stay close together, stay close mentally, first of all stay close physically and the outside system of business model school is set up to exploit this message, someone is taking the children away. Some of the parents are taking the father, some are taking the mother, the one in the house who will collapse as soon as the mother leaves, the house is fine, nothing will work, he is fine in the house and some are the ladies.  If it is doing ok, then tell me what is the system and what is the experience of you people in this big one, do tell it in big one. If you liked the content and have not subscribed the channel, then please subscribe and one more request to those who are subscribers.  Okay, so brother, add one or two more subscribers who like this kind of content. Please add to the parents in your house many such things which are useful to the parents.  You want to say that you don't get it and you will never get it, but my videos will be given to them and they will understand and the notes between you are so silent, go and subscribe, it will come in their field, okay, they will also know about it.  It will not work, they will not like many things about me, I know that but there are some things which are power to hit the story or the story in a positive manner and try to live with all the family in such a way that whatever is the problem, there is a little baby in the conscience behind each one who  Rota is relief, will you address him, what do you want, do you want respect, if you want attention, then asking is creating a problem in children's life by saying directly, give me respect, take whatever you want from me, why am I doing like this, I will not give this, not that.  I will give meaning, if you are angry from inside, don't tell me, if you are angry, then you don't talk to me, you don't give me any feeling. Hello there, the bus has taken the bus, I have to pay his school fees, the child has no homework, the wife has her own troubles.  He may also have his own programs as per his own wishes. If you have to go to the gym, don't do this. Tell him in time for the sake of parents. Brother, today you have given me time, can you ever tell me, brother, who are you? Our sense of humor is very bad.  There are many such comedians in our country and those who go to comedy and laugh, we never see comedy. Comedy is the truth of our life and there is pain in it, but everyone laughs. Even in my videos, many people find Start Seat Dr. Comedy.  some comedy has happened  That laughter did not come, then as soon as the whole truth came, the whole of our emotions which we are not able to discuss because what is a comedian? Wearing the mask of a comedian, the truth of life will hit you and you will also laugh, that too.  If anyone laughs then I am Guru ji, but this truth which I am killing seems to be a comedy to the people, witch is ok, witch is good, if you basically don't enjoy life, it is okay, then whatever fun you enjoyed.