Hello friends, how to deal with the anger of others. Someone else's anger has something to do with the system, how do you deal with it? The other could be your spouse, could be a colleague, could be a friend, could be a parent, could be any person, could be a child.  Is it anyone close to you? It can be anyone. I will give you a practical tip. It will be very beneficial. Try it and see what mistake we make in this. Basically, I am going to tell you how to approach and understand it whenever.  When someone is angry, we are afraid of something and here we have to separate anger and that thing and what is that thing? Anger is an emotion. We should not be afraid of emotion. We are afraid of aggression that that emotion will come. Now that emotion will come. When the form will appear in physical life, when it will show in life, it will be aggression, there will be shouting, there may be scuffle, there may be some physical disturbance, that is aggression, we cannot separate these two things.  Today I told you that let's separate the anger and let it happen. We have to handle this thing. If we have to handle the aggression, then what is the normal reaction. Sometimes when there is anger, then two or three things happen, you see which of these.  C is the one who is being thrown at you. Suppose you are angry and you are his witness. One thing is that there is a counter part, it is a counter attack that he started shouting, why is he shouting, why is he shouting.  By doing like this you are telling her that you too had done the same thing, you too got messed up by doing this, you equalized or in one extreme you surrendered completely, you got scared, you took her nonsense completely and these people are dealing in between these patterns. Can there be a third approach? I am talking about that, so first of all, whenever a person gets angry, tell him this, calm down, calm down, this may not be the correct approach immediately. You have to validate his anger a little bit by saying that yes, this is yours, it is coming out, yes it is fine, I understand that it is coming out, but you have to create boundaries around yourself to stop his aggression, this is over a period of time to settle down in the relationship.  It will be done, whether it is later, three days or two days, sometimes on Saturday Sunday afternoon or sit separately with the boss, wife, spouse, husband, parents, whoever that person is.  That's why your anger was okay but the way you expressed it I'm not able to deal with it like this and in the future I don't want you doing these things with me other wise you have to have that other wise that I will  Not Listen The Conversation Will Not Take Place The Relationship Will Not Go This Is Not Happening  What is it, when you surrender, then the person doing anger gets to know that he has to surrender and then he will do the same things. The problem is, you see this, you tell me, what do you think about the awakening of any emotion inside someone?  The problem should be that some people are getting angry, some are getting love, some are getting hate, some are getting jealousy, they are affecting you physically in some form, which is aggression, only then you have an issue.  Have to deal with aggression, what do people do? The person is getting angry, does the person want to deny his emotions or not, this is nonsense, no, you should not be angry after seeing him, his life is worse, make his life better, it is not like this.  Do let whatever is coming out, do not become angry, do not dismiss its emotions, validate and do it calmly and do not lose yourself. If you lose yourself, on the contrary, you start yelling and screaming. He is angry and will be justified that he has become equal, he has done this, he will never introspect again that he has maintained his dignity, he has done this, now many people say to me, hey, we do this, we will get it done.  They have done this only once but they feel that they have done it 150 times and the next person always keeps climbing, so what to do, you have to create boundaries on his actions so that he does not stop them.  You will not be able to understand the boundaries. First of all, you have to make clear in your mind how much of whose nonsense you are ready to accept and what are those boundaries and those boundaries can be very harsh on someone, you can reduce the boundaries a little on someone who is very dear to you. You can do more for others, that will be your thing, but you have to think for yourself that how much can someone get away by saying what to you and what are your threshold limits?  This is at that moment when there is a fight, there is anger, there is shouting, then you cannot decide, as you heard this video, after listening to this, you took a deep breath, took something from the diary pen and after that you wrote and  Said that yes, this is a take away, I have to do it for the next time and I have to be detached, I have to delve into his situation and see why he is angry, what has happened, how much has happened to him, I do not have to justify it according to myself, if a person  The one who has more fear because anger goes with fear, too much anger spray company diseases, bitter frustration, its release is not bad, why is it getting triggered, why is the situation, it is happening because of stupidity, you can address those things. However, denying that emotion is not a correct thing. It is like saying that it is a natural body urge. You will have  To listen, I speak with a very beautiful example. If you fly a plane, it is okay, there are many warning lights in it. Now let's fly a plane, it will get complicated. If you drive a car only, if your fuel is less then MT is going to stop and it shows red. You can't say, ' Calm down, calm down.' He is showing you that you are not wearing a seat belt and he is saying something like 'You should wear a seat belt' or something like that.  If you are getting an indication then you cannot say this to him, sit quietly, he is telling you that it is good for you, in the same way, anger is coming inside you, this thing is applicable for you too, maybe you can give this knowledge to people.  This is how we deal through the video. If someone is feeling angry from within, then that emotion is an indication, as if it is fuel, as if it is an indication of anything else, that something is wrong with that thing.  If you have to deny someone, you have to address him, you have to tell yourself like if MT is coming for fuel then I will go and fill the oil, if my seat belt is coming then I will wear seat belt, some other issue of mine is coming, that means tires also.  Nowadays, air has also started coming in. If I see the indication of less air inside the vehicles, then I will fill the air. It is as simple as that, do n't be in denial about why the air has reduced, no, the air is not less, no, it is not so much, no.  He has gone to this extent, he just leaves the puncture, you do n't have to react like this, you don't have to react, if you are getting angry then you have to respond, first what is the problem, when your nature becomes like this then you will see relationships around you.  It will be very good Janali, people will come and learn, then he will be angry because an angry man is also an unheard man, a child is paying no attention to his words. You see, we used to separate children so much in childhood.  It is said that we feel heard only when he is very angry and she feels heard only when he is very angry, that he will be heard only when he is angry, no one will listen comfortably, sometimes what happens is that housewives start reacting like this with their husbands. Batmiji, that poor guy came from the office, spent the whole morning and evening earning money, listening to his boss, sitting in the traffic and then started coming, now he has issues, now you can't say that he  Your anger is wrong but the way she is expressing aggression is wrong, so next day on that Sunday and when Shanti's sea darling my darling wife, the way you approach your anger, the way you show aggression is not acceptable, I am like this in the morning and evening.  I have come this way, whatever issues you have are legitimate, we will address them but this is no way to show yourself like this.  It Will Not Be Tolerated For Ever This Is A Red Flag This Is This Has To Be Discussed And You Have To Know That Whenever There Are Issues Please Write Them In Your Diary What Are The Issues How Many Addresses Can There Be Do n't Get Tormented That You  Why am I half an hour late? Tell me, I have no girlfriend. In between, I had gone to have coffee with her. Okay, this body has become so misshapen after working.  I don't do exercise. It's okay that you too don't find me attractive. On the contrary, if you want to tell me this with love, then which other woman will give me that grass. On top of that, it means you are also getting angry from within. Do this and go to the office. Sit at home and take care of the maid and I will take care of this issue. I want to tell you with such love that these are boundaries, tell me it will not work, tell me next time you shout one I come back home that will.  Don't say, I will go, then in two-four-five days, see that you have to tell a consequence. After making your boundaries, you will have to tell the consequence of gradually bringing those boundaries with great love and that is a thrash hold.  It must be that countries also do similar things. At one time, if someone carried out a terrorist attack in India, he was not slapped. On the contrary, he did not know the tolerance level. Toler did not know that boundary, don't cross this, then when the good people started getting slapped, they sat down peacefully, countries also operate like this, relationships also operate like this, everything operates like this, you have to be assertive in it, don't make yourself rude.  It does n't have to be and it is clear that if someone is angry like it is coming in a pee then as soon as he wakes up pour cold water on him. Okay, I have heard, I have heard, yes, is it fair or yes, is it wrong, yes, wrong.  It happened with you, yes yes yes, I guess, let's see, yes, why is this coming to you, you don't have to bow down right away, but the boil is coming out, it could be a miss understanding, it could be a lack of complete clarity, it could be the foolishness of the upbringing.  If there are issues again and again like it is said that someone gets jealous after eating chilli or if someone eats too much chilli then everyone's tolerance level is different. If it is okay in life then I will tell it to every person with a very beautiful example. Come on, that will become a separate video, it will also have its own good topic, I will touch on it later, today I will end it here, tell me how did you guys like the video, take only one thing from it that is anger and aggression. Separate the behavior. The mess should be separate. Concentrate beyond whatever is happening and make a boundary wall around it. Leave the anger people. This behavior also starts only when anger is building and you are afraid of it.  You went and you thought it will result in something and you saw his anger and his feelingless is the same, don't prove it so soon, do n't do it at that time, slowly, discuss and analyze later, say at that time, yes, yes, it's late.  It went like this, it got messed up, okay okay, do it like this, hope this tip is a practical tip, you will be able to implement it and you have to separate this anger and aggression, do not run after anger, this is a  Emotion is a warning light, it will come, let it come inside you too, but do not do it in aggression, sometimes it should happen that you can comfortably make a face like this, I am getting very angry, friend, I am getting very angry, it is not visible anywhere. I am talking like this but it is coming from within, friend, I am very angry on this matter, I feel very bad, I am getting very angry from within but it is not visible to the next person. to the next man  It doesn't seem that the dozen mean that it is not coming, this has to be known to the next person too, then when we become like this, we will not express anger and then we will not need to show aggression again. We cannot be angry on a situation on some.  If someone is very angry with you then the next person will say like this, I am not feeling angry but we can change this definition, let us know that the athlete in our life is this person.  When he gets angry, he talks like this and his retorts can be like this. Ca n't we change ourselves? Is it necessary for us to shout Chillam Chilli and use Hath Vaath? So please share and subscribe to the channel. If you want to join the Webinar Info Group, you can join that also in the comment section.