Hello friends, today's topic is youth exams and failure and you basically deal with this failure. The results of exams are coming, UPSC has declared, NEET has declared or etc. Now it is the month of June, so the off course results are coming. You people whose jobs are in trouble.  There is a video for those who have already got a job or are looking for a job. There can be a video for parents too. If you are watching, please share it in your friend circle in the best way in five points.  I will tell you in a practical way, no one is explaining because everything is going on motivational, inspirational and things like that, I will have 5 points in which we will understand this situation well, understand such a subject, even if the video seems a little long, watch the whole thing because of so much time.  If you go for preparation and if something does not happen, then you can spend some time to deal with the pain it causes, then my first point in 5 points. What is the problem? If you say failure then all this means what is the basic problem? The problem is that if I take an example and tell you, we make popular YouTube, there is no trolley, there is no competition, I am telling the example because sir, everyone's thought process. That's it, parents are also behaving like this, Ankur Badi is giving such kind of knowledge and that is wrong, I am absolutely wrong.  Let me bring a fresh perspective, as they say, I am serving some very fresh items, I am listening to you because I am telling you on their basis, if you have not seen the video then it is okay, even if you have not seen their recent video, it is basically that.  They are saying that I too had failed in my IT exam, I looked at the first page, looked at the second page, my result did not come and then this happened, then after that we have to introspect why it happened, then we have to write it.  Reason one is that why do they say so much I don't know so much because it is because it is because it is not it is artificial and they start throwing war by explaining it as an artificial thing and saying that caste is the biggest problem 1998 Those who impart the knowledge to you Most of them are from a different generation like us. I wo n't put myself in it because I am taking a different content, but most of your parents are Ankur Barik Uchi. In the normal society, motivation comes on, there was not so much competition at the time of those who did SSC, they are just saying that something will happen, there will be no failure, it is not like this, it has happened to us in the future, there was no competition, if we keep this misconception then we will not do it.  Whoever can do it will get it because I will explain it to you very well in the next 45 points. The problem is that I am tweeting it as a failure. So many people in the exam.  Gave the paper and only so many people clear it and call it pass and the rest say failed, so where they say failed, it is not a failure, I am telling you this, be it UPSC exam, be it for NEET, or something like this, they should have to teach their children again. Give the same paper which came to everyone, the result fair will be different for everyone, this is a big game because the child who has 76 50% is not in the competition, he has to be first.  I only know about myself, he is just sitting there after cleaning the dust before the axle matic. Apart from this, my brother is doing some other small business. He has got clarity in his life very soon but these days he is running above 90%.  Yes, getting marks above 90% has become very easy these days. This is the biggest example of misunderstanding. What used to happen in earlier times, the marks used to come 25-30 years ago were a bit realistic and it was found out that caste was  That we are also mine, these days I don't even realize that everyone is getting good marks, everyone is getting good marks, how do you have to see this, how do you have to see this, there is a lot of crowd standing at the Delhi's story bus stop, the bus has come. Not everyone is able to climb it. Now, those who climb it are successful and those who climb but fail are not like this. Brother, this is no success, no failure. If you follow Ankur ji's teachings or his equivalent teachings, then you should introspect if you fail. Why is this so, then you will fail again because that dynamic ecosystem is changing, you have to understand it like there are settings, do experiments, chemistry students would also know this or whatever is temperature, there are different elements in it.  There are some reactions to do, compounding, there is a quantity and there is a setting in it, if that setting does not work out in practice then you go and revisit what I did wrong. Corrected, it can be corrected, if this entire setting is dynamic, the temperature itself is changing, the moisture itself is changing, all its inherent elements, its tweets are changing, everything is changing, then you can ever You are somewhere, you are thinking that you are not in your control, UPSC has changed the pattern of C set, the same one got clean bowled, the one who was supposed to get 33% by scoring 36 marks, that too is not coming because of the people.  Earlier, there was no qualifying exam number account in it, take more, take less to pass, now many people have got clean bowled, especially all your Hindi English literature and these eight parts, what will you do with the public?  The topper girl of UPSC has cleared the prelims twice, brother-in-law, everything is random, I am telling this, then let her go to the examination bus, if your bus is Chhath Jati, you are not able to board it.  There is no time for interesting. A dynamic situation has to be conveyed to you. You do not have time. You have to see when the next bus is coming. If the bus is not coming, can I do an overview? Can I call Papa? There is no such rule here.  Papa ji Papa ji is a very big thing, I am not talking about the children of the poor, the child of the extreme poor in the street is very good but he is not stressed at all. What are you talking about the child of the poor.  So, I am talking about the mental stress of the poor person, you are poor, his child may become anything because of this success, you are the child of a Group A officer, if you become a clerk, then the society will clap, will the father clap, will the relatives clap, will you directly stress, neither will your father.  If Amitabh Bachchan is in isolation, is there anything missing in the life of Abhishek Bachchan ji? Is he married to Aishwarya ji? Rakhi is there, he lives in a good house, the child is a good daughter and Rakhi is a good lux, everything is good, a good picture of her has been made.  Whatever has achieved is good in this life time but when you just put it Amitabh seventh time it was not like earlier nowadays everyone is open 32 40 Agar Lena Kahani Ghus Gaye Kahani Long Line Gay Rahi To Failure A Bit  If you are not trying to get out of the car, then you will try some other method or not, I have seen people doing something like this that they were in a taxi, go to the story, got stuck in the traffic jam, then got down and took a walk.  Caught a taxi from 500 meters ahead and turned from there and left. You have to have this mindset that you don't want to get stuck in life, don't introspect, why did I fail at the age of 16, if I had done this now, I will do this, till then uncle you will do that.  Someone was batting in cricket. Earlier the rules were different in 1984. Then in 1984, the play could stand so much outside, then one could stand so much inside, the ball would be changed. Earlier, there was no ball change. Earlier, there was no spinner. Earlier the role used to be 25, it was different, you cannot know the runs Gavaskar has scored, the 1975 World Cup on Dhyan Chand's time is a live astro, but if the scheme is changed after practicing, then that thing will happen, then success in it is not based on failure. You have to stay alive, situation awareness is called Instagram, which de pilots, it should have situation awareness because the thing is not visible to the story, you should be on the article.  Hey, he has given the height and flight level of the plane, that ETC controller can also make a mistake, give wrong flat level, then cross, give it, move the chair forward, move it back, give it take off when it is about to take off.  When the pilot goes, I have to look ahead, the take off part has to remain open, if it gets into my engine then you ca n't go on auto like this, everything is done once the plane has taken off, flight level has gone to A, then if you want to go on auto, then it's fine.  Let's move the curtain smoothly.  He descends, his eyes are alert, there is relief, what is coming now, what is coming now, then he goes to the approach lesson, the same life is the situation of you, you have extremely high situation, now the ever changing definition of failure, it will not be possible, Munna, Tera Munni Nahi Ho.  Will you be able to get yours now? Those who have liked the college, those who have passed the competition, after that there is another competition for the job or the story and if they did not get the job, then they are fit. Got a job, money in life is good, set is also right, but will you marry such a person, like a church wife, or tomorrow, such a husband whose Kashi has forgotten the pain in life, now you have become successful, it is such a dynamic thing, there is so much stress, do well in exams also.  Personality was also good, hard work was also good, exams were also cleared, sometimes luck also supported me, father was also good, if you do n't just play the game of life then it is a very dynamic situation. You catch a 75 year old man, but in the story also there is a definition of success in his life. Stomach should be clean in the morning, then one should feel hungry. To pass the time, one should bump into someone for 2 hours so that one can get good knowledge about it, then it is okay.  They will be able to sleep at night, this is the definition of their success and there should not be any severe pain in the body, that means a little bit will do, there is pain in the thighs, this is the story, we are walking with some helplessness, it should not be too much that even while taking it, there is pain.  It should not happen  Pain while walking should not be an acceptable pain. In the stomach, in the head, in the hands. If you are a very successful person then your definition of success is changing all the time. Fourth point where people are making mistakes is that they want to become something in the circle of success and failure.  That I have become successful in this thing, I have passed it, it is about becoming the psychology of people, what is the set of middle class, if not set, then I will be set now, then between set and upset.  Let's roam, once this happens, the story will be set. This is the D message. There is no setting of the story in today's time. Neither is it set in family life nor is it a constant dynamic thing. I will take you towards its solution only.  I am not going to leave you without hope and I am going to tell you very little about it. Those who have not cleared the exam, give it again, give this, give that. First of all, what do you want to do in life, do you want money, this is what you want, whatever.  If you want to become one, then for money then yes, to earn something we have to become one, it is not necessary, this is the catch, only then you should not commit failure because there are many buses here, there are many Ubers, there are many trains, there are many trains, there are many metros.  If you are not going to come in one, then you are not going to board the other one, if you don't have your own taxi, if you don't have your own car, then father is very smart, there is no need to panic so soon, why is the poor child not getting nervous, why is the poor child not getting nervous, why is he not stressed, because  Whose  If the father has beaten the rickshaw puller, then no matter what his child does, if he is successful then he is not stressed, it is not necessary that if the rickshaw puller's child does not make it, it does not mean that something will go wrong in his life, but  If it goes below that then it will remain the same son, if it is a failure then you middle class science has reached here, so there is a lot of stress because your next generation is not being taken up from here, the manasabdari system and all that, I made the video first.  paid off  You don't have to be set. To get set, if you go to the government, your salary is fixed. Your salary for 20 years should also be told. There is 3% increment every year. Donkey, horse and lame horse are set. Now I had to do this, but here I am, MBBS.  I am doing BAMS, there were six in MBBS, now I have gone to BA, now he is from Ayurveda, no one is asking him further, mother, the situation in life should be very clear, what you  Should do it immediately, as many as you are listening to me, the fifth and last point, play games are very fond, no, what did he say, yes, play games where you are close, I always give you an example in life, you are going from Delhi to Hisar, your work is to reach Hisar.  So you Rohtak city comes in the middle and you will go through it whose geography you will be fast in worshiping, you will make me like this, the government has made the best bypass of your Hisar Jaan. Make bypasses in your life. It is not necessary to struggle in life. Someone has told this to me. A small example like Blue Ocean Operation Games. 18 year old is making his bed in the morning. 19 year old, 20 year old is making his bed. 25 year old is making his bed.  Let's make this game, you can beat it. Is there any competition? You have to make your bed after waking up in the morning. Do n't waste your time on social media. Don't waste your time with bad friends. You have to open your demat account.  Before that, you have to have soft skills like driving a car, English speaking communication skills, some personality, ultimately when you come to the market, no one asks if you have got the degree, tell me if you want, then only Rakhi is made like this, after that you feel.  There was no doubt that there was so much noise about it, all these engineers are busy on the phone, that is, they are busy in sales, what did someone read and get to know the answer from it, then someone is in a collection college, has gone, nothing matches you.  On ho match gan nothing you do with your happiness levels what kid of people you clash with you just because you are mine IIT M K should not speak big issues are seen in marital life such percentages are because their thought process is winner's only there winners are found Otherwise, parents also want to remove some of these, wife also wants to remove, in-laws also want to remove, brothers and sisters also want to remove.  They want to expel me, they all want to hang me, it hurts a lot, they have always been successful, they are very VP level guys, they are 40 years old, they have a very strong physique, they have the pedigree of IIT, but they have been suffering for the last 15-16 years in life.  It's sister's wedding, money is her issue, then wife 's problem, gave car to parents, why did n't you give it to us, didn't you take our house, didn't take ours, took it on loan, took it, took it because you did something with it.  Neither his parents nor his wife are happy and they are pulling him like this, meaning he will basically remain like an ATM machine whose cards need two-three to be put in. Everyone says, ' My card, my card, my card.' So, I am motivating to motivate.  Rah hoon ki dewar ise no appsAbsolute success dewar is no absolute failure dewar ise dynamic world be happy when you fool date you achieve something dewar bill be days when you fool like user but if  You play some games like I told, keep your house clean, keep the room clean, take it from your parents, mother, you do the thing, even after that you are getting 40-50 ₹ 8000 worth of things, start it as per your wish, start once.  Tax people will automatically think that they push the money further, they don't even start the car, they say they just put petrol inside the car, they say we have to board the plane straight away, we don't want to make any use of the car and because all the discrimination is going on.  There  The rest of the middle class is busy worrying about the rest of the money. I will destroy this thing in detail to the people because from the date the 2-hour workshops will remain dead. A system of two and a half hours is such a system where you cannot beat it. No, what should I do?  It doesn't matter if you have to sell mutual funds or insurance policies, you have to sell something, you don't need a great college for that, even less than a college is fine, there are very few things you can do. You need personality, you do n't need the stamp of the story, don't run after it and do n't keep waiting here, people, these 18 years, it takes me 12 classes from the age of 6 to 18, that's 12 years and in that, every time it happens to the parents as well as the child.  It also seems that I am progressing. Six seven went from 7 to 8, went from 10 to 11th, now it will be from 11 to 12th and after that 18 17  Even after 18 years, children are taking 11-12 more years to settle down. Is this 24 years of education necessary? Preparation for competition, studies, coaching and everything. If everything in life was to be achieved through intelligence, then the child of 12th class  If he is getting good marks then he should be set up, if he does not have any coaching then it means that his game is not in intelligence because the intelligent person of 12th class is better than him.  The one who is getting the job from the one who is getting the college due to competition is not getting the job then it is not necessary because his performance level there is fluctuating, I don't know how the one who is going there is not getting settled in life, the one who has money.  Many people are asking him what to do with investing the money or telling no to which relative or making his wife bear the expenses or robbing his money. He was not able to understand. When the money came, it was a package of ₹ 40508 lakhs.  But I have been working for 10 years now, there is no money, there is no money, no money, option in mutual fund share, gave it to future option, took some there, gave some to dad, gave some to mom, built some house, gave some in sister's wedding, will I get anything from me?  Paas Tandon Bhopal Tere Se No Failure And You Can Not Actually Know Another People Are Very Stupid You Learn From Enemies No You Don't Have You Learn Nothing Learning is just a success. What should a man tell to a very foolish person who fails? There is only one thing to be told, which is a so-called fool. In my view, there is no failure in anything. In my view, there is probability. If you do something,  If there is some probability of him getting well then the only way you can do well in life is do you do me anything Fox will not work Hey very much I am just like that brother there is not much Fox when the opportunity comes to you  It's like a meeting, you get set to do something on the story, what do I have to do, then you want Fox, you don't want Fox in the beginning, if you want to become an actor, then you go to two producers and give photos, take yours and mine. Take it and I am also giving you Fox, then no less, you are going to 10,000 places, then when two people called and then you got less there and then less started, then Fox is necessary in the beginning, Fox is not necessary in the beginning.  Brother, I want to do everything Do anything in 20, 22, 25, just like they do in foreign countries, listen to anyone's story, do good to anyone, you will see it, Warren Buffett, do it at the age of 12. Was in the middle of the newspaper at the age of 10.  Here in India, people are ashamed of doing all this. Hey, do anything, do anything. There should be dignity of labour. Once you start desiring money, it will suck you and then you will realize that you are earning.  Money give do teach you daily school and college because they want tu vikam some think because only you will come for coaching I will tell you whatever you are miss interested in detail workshop and the name of the workshop will be ho tu play games which you can not lose like this  There are some things that you can start right away and I will not ask you to open a tea stall, I will not ask you to talk about things from Italy, okay brother, many times people who are not my subscribers.  The old ones are not there and the new ones are new. Brother, if you tell me a plane, then make two below you and it is like this. Are you like me? How many people have been associated with me for how many days? How many babies and workshops, you all must have attended IT bill.  B. In practical India, tell the story as per your wish. If there is a good hit movie, tickets are not available there. In the beginning of the story, you go to a good restaurant, there is a line. You go to the airport, there is a line. Go to check-in, there is a line.  ok you summer now  Holidays are going on, you go to Kullu, Manali, Nainital, Shimla, which is also there, then brother, is there such a thing that makes you feel relaxed by avoiding this crowd, have you reached any such place where there is no crowd, there are very few such places where there is crowd.  No, people do n't know, people don't know, and why do n't they know, because I am giving you an idea of ​​252 things which you can do in India 7:15 and what happens in that too.  That is, if he goes to this lesson, then this path gets blocked here, mother, if I have taken biology, then I cannot become an engineer, if I have taken engineering, then I cannot do this, if I have taken commerce, then I cannot become this.  If he could, he could do it, then it becomes like this that a commerce person will not become a doctor, now he cannot do engineering, but what can a pharmacy person do, what can a pharmacy person do? Let's do other vices besides these.  25 300 to do for less and what they do for less, you will not be able to tell, there is no tag on it for less because if you would have been able to tag it for less and tell, then by now she would have sung the line, in India, give a hint once. First of all, I will tell you that my series will come for you, you will see a lot of videos coming in this owner, I will also take out something from the popular profession and tell you that here you have to do it and you can get set. Don't play this game where you lose where your  Lock you realize that I'm lost when there is no one It's just coming you If you do n't get a seat in the restaurant Do you fool date you're a failure No I should have woken up sooner Booking me like this Do you interest me like this or  Just did it, let's take it, let's take it, don't eat it, take it, what failure are you if you don't get a movie ticket? Hey India, there are crowds everywhere, man, it's the song, nothing you do about you, this is what you  If someone is in a foreign country and has money, education has been made so cheap. In India, in higher education in schools, people sacrifice their lives in education, but this is what education has been made so easy, no one can apply and do something.  And the quality is so much that if it works then it is good. If it doesn't work then it is good. I will give you complete clarity on those things also. Please like the video. Sher.