Hello friends, removing and happiness from life is a very good topic. If you are travelling, then identify these 5 symptoms with happiness. Not for today, but for two-three months. If you are traveling even three out of the 5 symptoms.  So you write in the comment area, you are on his side, I will tell you how to remove it, what to do, identify it, it is going to be a very good topic, see first the feeling, you are getting such a feeling.  The feeling is also coming and it is also true that it is not diminishing, everyone has their moments, some form had to be filled, the story had to be told, something had to be done, the feeling is not diminishing and this is not just today, it is going on for a month, two-three months.  There is a pattern going on, this is a pattern of 500. Do not see isolation on any one day. Whenever you are watching a video, you have to do an interception on that day. Make a two-line note of how your day is. what were my emotions  It doesn't matter what happened to you or what didn't happen, what were your emotions, it will help you, the second thing is that restlessness is coming, why is it coming, what is coming, you don't know, restless restless means like there is relief, shaking hands is relief, mobile bar.  -To remove it again and again, to see the rules again and again, again and again means story, there is no fox, pun, one restlessness, second simtem, third last, in two to three months, do you get insured 2 or 3 times or once or twice or thrice?  There is no such logic that the throat gets sore, there is no reason, the throat gets sore, sometimes there is some fever, sometimes something like this happens, this pattern goes without going to the insurance post, it means a lot, isn't it, it has gone viral in the house, the wife felt.  It is a different matter if the child is brought from outside but suddenly you find yourself insured when no one around you is getting insured. There is a season for studying insurance when the weather changes, around the time of October, sometime in December. A tribal note you know reading your patent insurance  The fourth thing is your gut, your intestine, your stomach being upset, not being clean in the morning, being gas type, having flatulence, having a bloated feeling, this is generally feeling hungry but not digesting the food, not being able to eat food, these are general gut issues, going to the bathroom twice, thrice, and so on. You understand that many people struggle with pet problems on such a constant basis that it seems normal to them that they experience these symptoms.  These are the symptoms and the last fifth one is the feeling of note doing, I am not doing much, I have to do something else, constant flower has not come to women, women have had it a lot, but sometimes even men have had it a lot, you have to make notes.  You have to impress your bus, you also have to watch your IPL, you also have to take your children for a tour, you have made big demanding programs. If five things are happening in your life, then first, how much of these five are happening right now? My request is.  You will create so much from my audience because I am working hard to create, how many out of five are you traveling, write down the genuine, do this pose, write the video in it, 135 which is five, three and four or  Only four and five. If you are traveling with three then the program is bad. There is definitely no presence of five. Out of these five, three patterns are visible. If you are seeing two then it is ok. One is fine.  It is always seen at one time or the other, there is no problem with it, there is no pattern to it, if it is three out of five or one or five, then you are one of those happiness ones and exist in a system, so if it is so, then what do you have to do? Listen from: First of all, what do you have to do? Whatever you do in life, you have to stop and observe. This is what is happening. What job have I got, which relationship am I in, who are the people around me. These are these eyes  Who is this? That [ __ ] comes and gives me exactly the Patta Khatu. Don't even talk about him. He is a negative man. He asks for help 24 hours. The paper owner is relieved. I don't get time to concentrate. Patta Cat.  That forceful party is a bullet relief on puti, similarly Patta Cat is a superficial person, you are observing this, then you will have to break the pattern of 5 to 10 days and go to the story, if this continues for one, two, three months.  I am doing it in some retweet center which has been opened by many people, I will not promote anyone, but where you have to wake up in the morning, where you do not use your mobile phone much, where you eat figs and things like this, it is okay.  It is okay for you to drink juice and eat fruits, take a break from carbohydrates, it is not possible to do all this at home because you will see all those people at home, you just know that you are available here.  The family knows that you are available, friend, by doing this, this is how you are doing, you are trying to remove it from the happiness ecosystem, but do it once, today it is better than relations, this one, you will have to take a break from 5.  Of 7 days, I am not talking of 3 days. There are many breaks of 3 days in which we do such and such on our own. When we meet for five days, you will have to take a minimum break of 3 days in which you can take a break on Saturday.  If you include Sunday then it can be a whole week, if you start from Monday and if you include the previous Saturday Sunday then it can be 9 days also, so going on Sunday before Monday is a relief, so this is your advice, you have to do it.  If you don't do it, then you will enter inside it. After entering, what will come next that then people will hold you and blame you, because of you, because of you, because of you, because of you, save them.  There are many more reasons why you have to observe that when a person falls down too much then he does not have that much energy because sleeping also takes energy and time, note this, no person can think like this, you will see whenever you think.  If you think about an hour, your energy goes out, you feel hungry, you feel like drinking tea or coffee, you may even get a headache, so think about it on effort, when you fall in the house and there is no other person, don't think of it. Have you seen the man next to you?  dude it's okay because  You tell me one thing, this feeling of not diminishing, this feeling will come inside you, it is not going to come in anyone else, can it be like a relative, if you don't sleep and it is on the face even if someone notices it, okay you tears in the eyes  You are crying because someone notices that the bill is less but the help is less and that is a matter of later, that is when the game has become very bad, I don't know what is the feeling right now, just nothing is happening, no one listens to me.  Whatever my jeans  Due to all these things, there is a feeling of constant restlessness, such a feeling that you are driving a car, you are getting irritation, why did it come forward, it must be of red light, it is found everywhere, why are you there?  What is he doing, he is seeing a pattern in you, you have to file a general loan, energy, go to the insurance post, and everything that is going on is very stressful, you know, as soon as a very stressful situation has come, a person's stomach.  Something good starts happening in me, in an extreme way, if you see that extreme from an event, then it becomes very immediate to you, something has happened to you, but it is not of a constant level but a constant stress, so then it is normal functioning at a small level.  If it happens, then it is a very big stomach, whether it is clean or not, it is a direct indicator of whether your life is one, if your program is not being clean and good and you are not getting the feeling that it is a good one today.  Brother, it's a mess, that's just dirty, that job is Gandhi, it's a mess in your relationship or you, give more to your Britain, give more to you, you can shoe, you don't know, you made your desires so big and now they are not being fulfilled, there is a railway line from everywhere. You are not able to do this, you have one reason for no-no, there are many reasons of your own, you give yes to many people, hey, you will come again, tell me for sure, tell me for sure, tell me, nothing is confirmed brother, it is confirmed after 10 days.  is getting it done So my mood will not be of today, but mother, if I have time, I will see you. Tell me like this, brother, that thing is important for you, it is not for me, for me my happiness is peace and quiet. Start saying, many people would like a lot of you, brother. Sir, if you take two minutes, it is also on YouTube and 500 people do it in a day and I cannot give only 2 minutes to each one, I respect you so much, I have seen all your videos, I like them everywhere, I comment, I do this. I can't give 2 minutes. 500 * 2000 is an hour of 60 minutes. But for him that's 2 minutes. For you it's 16 hours. Who has a dog and who doesn't have a dog. Now you can be extreme, how can I not ask for 2 minutes?  But the person who takes only half an hour of yours takes 2 minutes. Even the one who is asking for 2 minutes knows that if his time is precious then I will ask for only two, but those whose time is precious.  I don't think their people would take half an hour to a full hour because they don't count. Yes, I am coming, friend, I am coming there, let's go there, we have to see, you also come with me, never with anyone, if we  If you don't go with anyone then no one will come with us. If yes then don't call anyone. Why is it necessary to call someone because you don't have that much power, lack of knowledge, you can't take any decision without it. Confirmation is an important thing for slave people.  Life  To be happy in life and every time, you can say yes to your children also, you do n't know what will reduce you on Friday, I had promised my children Saturday Sunday, I had promised, then once I made a commitment, then his  After all, I don't listen to myself, it feels good to hear Salman Khan in the movie, Jab bolna hai ki yes, Pushpa tai, Salman Khan type in real life, it is not good, I am not of the opinion that my commitment should not be fulfilled.  I am of the opinion that you should not overcommit, by giving overcommitment you have brought a lot of sugar in life because if the wife says give me this much, the parents will say brother, sometimes you can do it tomorrow and it will be enough, sometimes you can do it for the weekend.  Some day, parents and children will say that by reducing the tax, by doing this, you can also have one or two programs of your own, he gets class A in all, then this whole feeling is a class because it  There is a simple solution to what is there in feeling, Fox on One and other things are not more than that, I do n't know how many videos of multi-tasking have been made by Englishmen, you also copy our very creative ones on YouTube, increase productivity, increase productivity and do your work like this. What is saying time in excel and I do date and I do date Do you have to do some journaling? Do you have to write something in your life? Write the price, when, what did you do, date, note it, how much is important. What did 9 to 11 do? It was productive. Ankur Barishen ji also has to learn it and he has got so many subscribers, he has devotion, so I follow him, but I want to ask only one thing from him, I have only one claim, I have subscribers who are connected to six. Brother, write since last eight months, have you been happy, have you become happy or less happy? I don't want to say whether the production has been more or not. It is clean and simple to make you happy and rich. If it is productive then it is for some other donkey. You have remained one, you are an ass and become a protective ass, which means there could have been so much society, now why are there more societies, why brother, if you have to write something in life before sleeping or during the day, then just write in three lines of emotions you.  Head per D de first mein or first June first July whatever is the date your date feeling low angry or feeling stomach feeling will tell your state when you are watching me video first you smile and now see the state of stomach  What is yours, that is your status, told that the status of the stomach becomes your status, they say that where does English come from, they are such that they are more and more productive, they do not get time to do all these programs, they are busy in increasing the productivity.  Time is being written, what did you do from 11 to 12, what did you do from 12, did this, did that, I did it like this, I did it like that, which book's seven habits are there by stealing the content of an Englishman's book and what are the seven habits of successful people, it also happens with alcohol.  If it is good then there is truth in it and after reading the book, you are reading the book, here also note the time, that is the time, let me read some names to out tomorrow, I am not criticizing them, but I am of whom, you are spreading the wrong disease.  There are so many followers spread and you take them in quantity that we have so many, he must be talking right, it is not so brother, many people can also talk very useless things, they lose followers because those followers are desperate, if they get some story then that.  The knowledge which will be discounted today is logical immediately if the video is my one challenge speaking, watch me other videos to judge yourself and after watching that video you will get so much immediate sense of clarity on the topic or immediate happiness or lightness three. Tell me the thing, if there is no flower then I have to comment area, she is immediately honey, I will tell you the traits of consultant and many more things in future, I will make different videos but this is a judgement.  Any video can confuse you 24 Head, you do this 22 Today, 17 Haj, you do this, 5s, you improve productivity, 21 Base, that makes you overweight, friend, which one should I do, which one should I do, get up on time in the morning, respect your parents too.  I should do it on time, even on Mondays, my stomach should be absolutely fine, it should also be like this, I should also do pranayama, I should also do exercise. Looking at the lives of these people, it seems like this, it is not so.  It is possible that all these programs cannot be done in one day, that day I have done this, I have done this, I have done this, I have done this and then this cannot happen, Monday will be like that, Saturday will be like that, the fitness test will be fine.  And if this was a priority today and you are enjoying doing this thing, then do the thing in which you are enjoying today, which is giving immediate happiness, which is not practical, very disciplined people would not have achieved anything in their life.  I will make that also and tell you that creativity is waking up at 10:00, if the mother of writing is doing it, then she is waking up at 10:00, the discipline for that is said, our worship for Sony at 9:00 is 4.  :Get up at 30 o'clock, there are many people, mother says, Son, you should wake up in the morning and study, do n't send it in the morning, I don't send anything, everyone who has to study, do whatever you want to do, you should sleep for 6 hours and 5 hours. Don't stick to the minimum directions, I make videos only about what not to be done, rest of me is about what has to be done, people will feel like this on this day, you tell me what to do because hey, what do you have to do in life, tell someone else what and what not.  What should be done is to tell that there is a mattress here, there is a mattress here, this road is fine, where should I go, where should I go, as far as your car goes, as far as your mother, no, but you do not know at what speed should I go, then who cares about me?  A dhaba will come, then tell me how should I go, then these people have taken control of your life, all the influencers, the book writers, i.e. Babo's have come and done like this, then we should do it like this and then we should do it like this.  Hey, how to respect mom and dad every day, friend, it's mom and dad, how should we talk daily, friend, what to do, I love you, what should I show now, I respect you a lot, I love you a lot, I haven't told my mom, it's necessary to tell.  Honey, what should I show through my actions? I hope you are the one understanding the thing and it is not as if I am talking about something bad, I am talking about giving happiness to the people, two pat yourself inside, you match pressure, tell me this, I am in every consultation.  Like I normally ask, which of these five is yours? Whoever comes to take the concentration, what three are the fifth? Yes Bharat is there among all five, Yes Bharat is there among all five, so today I am telling you for free that.  For its treatment, you will have to wait for 5 to 7 days and analyze who is doing it and how, and you will have to stop thinking about it, only then you will get the feeling that I have to [ __ ] only once, then I just have to do it.  You have to do only one thing, just do that, then you will not get such feeling, it is not decreasing, if it is not decreasing, then I will write 25 less people, then people will write that in the diary and then you will tick that, otherwise it will not be remembered otherwise someone else will remind you. never mind  Which even I could not remember, if no one else even reminded me, then it was of no value. Look, I am laughing because in actual life, I have released this knowledge, I have given real work to the world. You tell me yourself, friend, this is 25 years old.  Is it necessary to make a list? Will there be any bill late payment? ₹ 20 ₹ 50 ₹ 100 Fine. Dal has gone, Dal has gone. What is the need to leave life? It must be so efficient that it will remember or make a process.  That brother, son, daughter, these are just a few boxes of boxes, you outsource all the bills on time, isn't there a need to write everything yourself, outsource everything to the family, I have to tell the man who lives under so much stress, all the bills are you.  You only pay, you earn money and you also pay the bills, that wife sitting at home, the housewife, she can't even pay the bills. Women, some are less, some are not complicated these days, they do everything. Woman, money, I am working, account, my password is with you, OTP is generated here, you will be happy with your landline, brother, you will keep managing this whole day, no matter how many lists you make, it will never end as long as you keep making lists, computer.  Although perhaps its story was different, but the name of the girl reminded me of that list which is never going to be completed. You have written 50 less cats, then after writing 50, they get cut and then they get cut and then that community will not remain. No no, you don't give me a hack pack for everyone, all are useless things which are less, do your responsibilities, talk, you will band the doors of the night, you will do the doors of the morning, you will do this, you will do this, you will do everyone's responsibilities, put one person in the house.  I have seen many times that the husband is like a plate of gold, it becomes his head and everyone is proud of him, everyone else takes care of something else, otherwise these are children, so Sir, if you study, then what will you do after studying?  A job of Rs 3000 seems to be more than that.  Reduce it, Rakhi is of 18 years to 17 years to 22 years, she has to sit at home, no, she doesn't have children, I don't want there is any stress on her, stress comes in reducing the taxes of the house, this is Paytm on mobile.  There is minimal stress in doing this, outsourced fat will go away, otherwise you are doing it to earn money, you are trying hard to earn money, you also earn, then you will have to do it, whose wife does less, according to this, someone's red when is red when.  If the person coming to the house can reduce a little more, then keep all these things, otherwise coming happiness is a disease, first of all you should think that drinking them is a disease and it spreads and like every disease spreads, the insurance man has in it.  You will definitely not have to cling too much, you should stay with happy people. Now the problem is that there are happy people and if you are happy then those happy people will not call you near, then for that you will have to be happy first of all because what is the knowledge of a person, this happy man. She will call you when you are happy, then first be happy, whatever be the default setting, whatever it is, I am happy, now stay with it, positive happy, well, now your food and drink will continue, do not give entry to man and all those with unhappiness will spread disease to each other. Keep applying it, he will not cry, brother, the pain increases with the run of sorrow, it does not increase, it increases, so he took your sorrow, now he went to my India, I became light, then you made him lie down, what does he have?  If you are capable of sharing your sorrow, then you will read the money to the one who took it. Consultant and ditch. Okay, so we don't take sorrow, we take it in our hands. I have to learn that too. It is very important for him and brother, there is no need for his certificate if I have made you happy.  Under the given video, you opened your notes, which certificate is mine from my video, why is it necessary to give a certificate, when you are putting some medicine in someone's body, you are opening his body, you are giving it.  You are talking like a friend, you are just saying this, so if you understand the message, please share this video with people, it will increase happiness, share the video which increases happiness, you are happy in sharing the video.  There is trouble in this video. There is trouble in this video. No matter how true it is, keep that trouble to yourself and be a mosquito. I would have come to know after watching the video. Now Rakshabandhan is there in this.