Hello friends, this is a very interesting video on how we can earn through UPSC preparation. Now I have put only one thing UPSC in the title but the same thing is applicable if you are preparing for bank PO exam, do you want to go to bank or state.  Do you want to join Civil Services or Judicial Services? Do you know that exams are important for you? So, through this video, I am trying to give you the idea that  How can one earn money through preparation? Because India is what is youth, what is youth, a lot of people are preparing for the exam, so now in this I say many times to my subscribers who follow my people, if everyone will do this then it will be the best.  The big problem is that as a creator, if you give any advice, the listener will be the first to say that if everyone does it like this, not everyone can do it, not everyone can wake up in an illusion, not everyone wakes up even at 6:00.  Everyone doesn't wake up even at 7:00. Everyone ca n't sleep at 9:00. Everyone can say whatever they want to say. It should be like this, it should be like that. Everyone cannot do everything. Only those who can understand it should do it. You should prepare for the exam. You are the only one, so what idea am I trying to give to the youth and you people who are not youth, if those children are doing this work through you because earning money is very important, whenever you are preparing for something, here I am just  of UPSC  I will take an example, you can apply this thing in other things also, then any subject, any topic, any sub-topic will be of your interest, it will be your strength, master that thing so much that you master it so much that you become one of the top 102 people of India. As a subset example, our dear Golu Molu ji is Awadh Ojha ji, the one who makes kings, the question number three comes, the remaining part of the history of those who teach, we have completed them.  You saw his words, become a king, become like this, he is on youtube0, he is very highly paid, so I am not saying that all of you will become there, but even if you become 100 of him, you will also come out, that is why I am telling you this. When you prepare, keep this thing in the back of your mind that if I am not selected because brother, there are not 99 people, if you go by statistics then the percentage is higher than if 10 lakh people are appearing.  On 1 it is 10000 only and % is 1000 so if % is not to be made and in that if you are reserved category and he is not there then the percentage is if there is reserved category then it is % and if even he is not there then it can be even less then where the case is  If you have this much, then the chances are that you are not going to be selected but you are brave, you are fighting, so you should achieve mastery in this thing, then your target should be this first.  Target: The second target should be that if you crack that exam then crack the athlete prelims and become a specialist in prelims. If you become a specialist in some subject in prelims itself then you can get a job in a coaching academy. If you do youtube3 then I watch the children here. That this time I took Psychology, next time I changed that subject and did Abli Ba because the focus is all on the job, at least I can get a job when you people Start sharing knowledge and start earning money. Even if you prepare for the exam, keep giving exams. I have talked to many children, yes, I have been consulting. Exams are very addictive. If you remove a number from a level, then  If you are above one level, below that then the matter is messed up but if you go above that then you get attracted to yourself. I have given many IM and CAT papers in my life. I got a shock from his [ __ ] paper. Logic paper.  It used to be a lot of fun and when my gray hair started growing too much, I became a little conscious because the children used to sit there and used to look at me like who is here and someone used to look with suspicion that he is from the coaching academy here.  I am giving the exam myself, it is okay and I used to give it as a hobby to see how many percentile I got in the exam. Call letters used to come but we did not go there. It is okay there because I feel that the students there.  It is better if I teach you than it is taught, okay but that is a different matter, but in the exam, it was a pleasure to see that you do not know much in Maths, some comprehension in English is so lovely of CAT and it is so good in it that  If you have figured out a pattern, then you can figure out everything, so like I told you about the CAT exam, if you know the answers of comprehension, then brother, you should know one small thing, very small. Technical understanding comes in a big way, below that questions are asked. There is a small technique that friend, first of all do not read the paragraph, first read the questions, first read the questions quickly i.e. read them in such a way that what is being asked, if you have not asked the question till now then when  If you read Pahar then you will know what is happening and what is the pattern because all of them are higher order thinking people, so a small technique of what people do, first read this.  After that, you will read the below one, after reading the below one, then you will have to read this one, brother, now from where to find me, after that you will have to go here again, you will have to come only once for the answer, if you read this one first, then these two or three  You have to do it four times, it will work in two times, this is a small technique, there are many techniques of such exams, but if you have mastered it yourself and have taken the exam yourself, then only you can earn money, first tell me.  These  How is the idea looking, if you speak in Bank PO and you have proof and can show it in the exams, then you will be selected or not, do you go somewhere in coaching Adm. This is my qualification, this is my appearance, intelligence, this is thrice in Prelims. I have appeared once in Mains, I got these marks and I know how to teach this part of the subject very well. You will get 100% job in this coaching academy.  The industries are very huge, worth 40,50,60,800 thousand crores, but there is no entrance exam in them. The entrance exam is only that which you have mastered and give it every time, give it every time, show your numbers every time and keep making it and then rest.  After that, we have done it so many times that we have the confidence, now as if I have learned this technique, I do not tell you all here for free, but as if this is a technique, this is a technique.  Only insiders can tell who have appeared for exams or attempted a lot, if you have never passed anything then it will be difficult, then you cannot talk about knowledge, right? You are saying that I have got very good marks at my graduation level. More posts  At graduation level, if you try such an intelligent paper once or twice, if you get it all then you will become an IS, that too I am saying, keep trying, whoever has refused, keep trying too. Stay engaged with the students, who said that Guruji is also giving exam, Guruji is not able to solve it because he is the same master, talk to Avaja ji, he also says that we could not solve the game, the loser understands better how to play the gambling game.  Shouldn't it or how should one play because he has lost many times because if you ask him who gets success in the first and second time, he will tell you some random things but the loser is more of an expert.  If something or the other is made then how did you guys get this idea and the same thing you can follow in Bank PO. If there are any logical questions or those questions which you master it, your pattern is like this.  This is like this, then it happened like this, how will it happen next time, there are very simple techniques in which many times a technique is like this for those questions in which there are names of six people, this is bigger than that, this is smaller than this, this is here, this is here, then this is this  Age  She is very good at giving four or five things like this and then a statement is written below them as to what is true and by doing this, her very simple technique is to write everyone's name like this and then write whatever characters they have and so on.  By ticking means once you start passing the exam, look, everyone who has taken the exam knows what I am talking about, there are shortcuts for every thing, there are questions, once you master that.  This thing can be monetized, they are busy, they are busy, there is apathy, they are not passing, they are not passing, they are putting pressure on them because they are not able to earn money, you should prepare for the exam and help others. All people should also prepare for this, not all people can do it, all such people do not watch my channel, not all people will do it even after listening and many people will not be able to be successful even after doing it, so everything is not easy in that too, otherwise it is not easy.  So come and get ready, everything will be done.  Everyone will become officers, don't become government officers, don't study, okay, if everyone studies then this is a very good technique and monitor it very well because this competition is not going to disappear anywhere in India in the next 20, 30, 40 years, just like us.  Come and try to break the illusion of government job, it is not going to happen because our social discrimination is so much that a class which is below one level can only get a government job out of it because a startup cannot be done by someone who has money for food. No, he has money only for food and no money for clothes or only for clothes and he is struggling, he is poor in the family, how will he start a business and start up, if no one in his family has done so, then that will always be his route.  If this continues for 20-30 years then it seems like a good business and after that you can slowly do something else. I have seen many people like this in the coaching industry and they also take consultation from me and so on.  also do and i  I also give them the idea that once again you will become that Jeetu Bhaiya, then you can also become a consultant for those children, you can also become a mental concert, in every way, people will reach out to you, that I have such emotions because you  You yourself have failed the exam seven, eight, 10 times. When you used to prepare, you went through two emotions which are now like I have not gone through failing in the exam.  I can imagine a little by asking that there is pain, there is suffering, but what is the story of failure, I cannot tell it because it has not come in my experience, no matter how much I ask others, like this is something like a woman.  The delivery has taken place, the child has been born, only he knows how the child grows in the stomach, how it happens, men will never know in their life, the man will become a gynecologist, he will give birth to 10000 children but he will not realize that.  I do n't know if you are preparing for the exam then you are not the pregnant lady but you are the person who is going through these emotions.  It is known in the ecosystem how money can be earned from here and there is an industry in it and no one is asking to do wrong practice in it. Good people tell people that everyone should do this. Not everyone does this Baba, I am telling you myself, they break down, go to do some other work, they just don't have it, they don't feel like it, they are not academically inclined at all, it is something like this, I will tell you more under the example. Listen Tell me the name of the actor I think Shukla is Saurabh Shukla I think if I'm not Rang Sauram's name is Shabda For Sure His character is Bobby Dale in the animal movie.  The one who comes along with her is her brother who translates her, that is Bobby Dol, Gunga Hai, that actor and that of yours, that was a picture of Kareena Kapoor, which one was the one with Jaideep Balawat in which her husband is made? Have n't seen the movies yet, yes, these days.  I will also start coming here, there have been teaching actors, they teach acting very well, they teach us very well, all of them are your top actors, all of them have taken training from them as much as all the actors.  There are children, I will start telling the exact name of everyone, one half will be up and down, then that fact does not make videos like Rathi, I want to tell the big thing, I do not enjoy doing too much fact, the big thing I want to convey is  You see, in the same way, you will see that in our cricket team also, if you see, our batting coaches, they were like Vikram Rathore ji, he himself had not uprooted anything but in his career, he knew something and he used to teach it.  Perhaps  Now Sachin Tendulkar ji has never become a coach, batting coach and something sometimes happens that if bati tarna becomes good then you don't do it, that too is one thing but what I am trying to say is that you can easily you know do average in life.  And still make decent money if you are a little bit like me, you are taking this kind of advice, you can apply it in everything, this topic of life is my topic, if you  You will watch and listen carefully and understand that these are actually templates and in these templates, if you remove things and add something else of your own, then that can be followed by everyone everywhere and then you can become a true resting person at the time of your studies. Whenever you tell people, children are saying that son, you have a lot of experience, you have failed in IS five times, you are fine in UPSC, son, you have appeared in Prelims once. Suppose once you passed that paper in Mains but you failed to get overall rank, still you know that after preparing for something four times and for four years, you failed four times in some subject.  So you become an expert, friend, just catch him, now tell him more that he will do only this, it will work from here, just like when I talk about cooking, people say that he is a cook, you will catch every cook also with one of his dishes.  I know many men, men are not normally told that they know cooking, they do not know generality, but there are many people who know how to make one thing very well, some may know how to make good tea, some may know something else.  If you know how to cook a particular dish well then you can eat roti with it. These are the positive videos. In my beginning it seems like how I am always a solution oriented person, I am practical, I will never come to the government, this knowledge.  Can't distribute, no one else can come and distribute, then how can the coaching people distribute? If the coaching people say that they can't, then join us and we will get catch more people and this is an ever going process and ever growing industry because if  20 years ago, in the preparation for these exams, these seats that came to you are 180, you can go away anytime, it is fine for the last 25 years, but the children who appear  They are increasing, so the children who are appearing, they have to prepare somewhere, they need prepared people somewhere, no matter how well you teach, the competition is increasing, but people will want every person.  It's like there will be five star coaching people, there will be four star three star dhaba people, some dhaba people also have selection, five star people also have selection, you tell me that only 180 IAS.  If they are built then read that these coaching institutes will be Rs 15000. Out of 15000, 180 are being built and out of that they say, Vikas Devak, Riti ji has become so much, add so many of them, everyone's claim is I think 6 to 7000 IS.  They get selected out of 180 because everyone claims that someone had written their name at some point, someone had gone for a mock interview, someone had gone for a little  If we have done anything and do the rest anyway, then what I am trying to do is that by living within this system, we should not shy away from earning money from whatever opportunities the system throws at us, nor should we be afraid, nor should we feel shy. What kind of idea is this?  I thought it was a practical idea, if you like it then I have many different solutions to many different things which I can give to the society and they have been followed, are being followed people.  I am enjoying because money is very very important in life, you spend 10 years on something like this and you will not be able to do anything with it because brother, that Haldi Ghati took place on 20th June 1576 and Hakim Khan was their leader, Maharana Pratap.  This knowledge is how to earn money. Okay, so I am telling you how to earn money. Once you have acquired this knowledge, what to do, there are many ways to do it. Further method and  It is like if you have achieved mastery in a history or any interesting aspect, you [music], this is also a fact, then do not come and talk about it here, everyone will do it, not everyone can do it because it sounds simple, it is also simple but not easy.  It is like losing weight is not easy but very simple, eat less, stop eating more calories, do exercise, it is a very simple thing, there will be calorie deficit, weight will be reduced but what happens?  If it is not easy then like the channel and share. Thank you very much.