Hello friends, this is a very, very relevant topic for the youth, no one can make it better than me, I am the number one clarity on this marriage thing, I am a marital consultant, I see problems in many marriages and remove the problems, I have a lot of experience and I am very fond of this. I am a big topper Guruji, I am a student, I will not say, okay, so I am telling you, listen today, you must have seen the topic of whom to marry, so here I will tell you as per some boys.  I will make it according to girls too. But more and less according to girls. This advice is applicable for them also, so it is a bit general neutral but I will focus more on boys. Why was there a need to make this video because because these are bachelors.  Na, he is sharing the most knowledge on marriage today. He himself has not married, she is a storyteller girl, her videos are going very viral, think big before getting married, see 50-60 years before you get married to that person.  If you want to live in the same room with someone, then by doing like this, it will give you such confusion, child, whoever is listening, listen to me, India's number one Guruji on the subject is going to tell you what is happening and is going to tell you genuine. And no one will tell you better than me. If you enjoy it then listen to it and I will also tell you the practical tip and I will also tell you a little less practical tip. It is Acharya Prashant ji who says that marry the one who will give you somewhere higher. Takes you to some position, means you have strength, just give it like this, don't do it for the sake of happiness, take you a little like this, there is a hole in it too that this one is here, this one is here, this one will take this one here because someone will take someone else.  If he goes, he should be on top then half of the story will be true, he married her and he took her here, then that situation will be true but then he should marry again because he came here, now he is not her.  can take  Because it was brother himself who was here or madam was here, so now where does this complete knowledge go? So when the theory is shared then it should be completely practical, it cannot be left in half. You are good to hear because this is the problem of those who get married. No, now like us, he has been a bachelor as well as married. We have seen things from both sides. The one who has seen one side will tell the story of what to do to get married. I want to tell you two things, I will not tell much more.  They will tell you the first thing, if this happens, first thing, if this happens, then stick with this and if it doesn't, then go for the second one. Here comes the best advice for all the boys out there who are already big and unhappy.  Live or many people like these have created that this is how it happens, this is how it happens, look, if you are a boy to get married, then DDLJ's song was Shahrukh ji ne this wala ki tujhe dekha to yeh jaana sanam this wala.  there is a song  No, love is crazy, now where does it go from here, I don't know how to sing, nor do I know the lyrics, but the emotions are complete, it's okay and only emotions work in life, it's okay, so this is the kind of feeling that the world has to have a personality of its own.  If you see this thing with someone, then go to him and tell him that you have seen it and then you will have to show yourself, I have something or the other, that love alone is not enough, you can also feed me bread.  I will have a roof and this too, that work will have to be done, but marry on the basis of love, you don't know anything and you do n't know yourself, how come you are there after 5 years, whose guarantee will you take for 60 years, are you looking for an idol to meet?  The world itself changes in 15-20 years, it changes in 5 years, it changes in 10 years, the outside world is changing, you yourself are changing, your parents are changing, the person you marry will change, so on whose basis should you marry here?  So the target is also moving, the shooter is also moving and that is the platform, he is moving everything, it is okay to do it like this, this is such a thing is going on which is like that fighter plane is like a dog fight.  Don't do it like this, shoot each other on the ground, or look at what is happening in the air, it is being played in three dimensions, this is even more difficult than that, so on whose basis should you marry, you will not know yours after a year.  How come you don't know how much of a beast you are from within or whether you are good or bad, you are 25-27 years old, you have not seen life yourself, you do not know how your mother is because till now you have considered her as a mother. You see, as a mother-in-law, you have not even seen how your wife's mother-in-law will be. You don't know anything, so first of all there should be love for the leap of faith. If this love happens, then love is also blind and love can bear a lot, a lot.  There is great power in love, it can withstand. Marriages are based on love. If the first thing, as I am telling you, turns out to be lovely, then it is very good. Even if it doesn't happen, I have the second one as well. Okay, so, it is on the basis of love. If you get married then take a leap of faith. Take a leap of faith. There is no right thing in marriage. Marriage has to be proved right every day. After getting married, you have to work at it like breakfast, lunch, dinner. No one can help you.  A 60 year old cannot arrange for food. No matter how much money you have for that food, you will have to fit the jugaad, who will make it, I will make it, where will it come from, there must be some system in Mukesh Ambani ji's house also, no, who will make it, where will it come from? What will be the menu, what will be there today, what do you feel like eating today, who will prepare it, then you will have to make that effort. You may become whatever you want and even if you belong to a normal family, you have to make efforts for everything, then marriage is the case.  I will have to make efforts. These people think that it will be done automatically, that I just bring something to the girl, that my job, mom, everyone becomes happy, I get promoted, she takes care of everything, it is not like that, you have to give something, you have to take something.  Should be focusing more on what you will bring in to the marriage table What will you put then that was one The second thing is both can be followed If both are done then it is very good and put the second one first  After filtering, apply the first one or has it passed the filter, now that I have seen you, I have to do it, it is not necessary that I see you first, because it is possible that I have seen you first and if it gets messed up in the filter, then it is a mess.  It becomes the main thing that boys have to look for in a girl, it should not be problematic, what is problematic is that if you are in a family which travels in buses, trains, metro, then do not buy a girl who has problem in walking because  You  So just when I saw you, I went away. Now she is from a rich family, she saw the potential in you. Okay, now that thinking or love has happened. Even if love is blind, she will still have problems. If you don't know how to cook, she also doesn't know how.  Then how will it work, you should see that there are roughly five-six things, food, sex and outings, not how much socializing you will do, you will not be happy meeting a lot of relatives because you also have a job, a lot.  friend not friend  If you are a little introverted or a little extremely extrovert girl, that means she will be problematic, so first of all you have to look at yourself and you have to see what are the issues that can be there in your life which can create problems or vice versa.  It is also possible that you are very extroverted, if you meet friends then you will come across as extremely introverted, then if there is a problem, then problematic is you anyway. That girl will be very good. Who are we to call someone's daughter problematic? Brothers and sisters, no human being is problematic. Every human being has an individuality, a personality, a way of living and a thinking. Okay, so here is a girl like me. Do an excellent workshop on marital consultation. You can purchase it in the comment section. There are 30 questions you should ask before marriage. The fee is as much as a pizza, brother. 60 70.  It costs 80 lakhs for a wedding. It's okay. If you make it very cheap and durable, it will cost you 203 lakhs. Someone please give me a set of 10 tola. These days, the middle class keeps it in big pairs. Okay brother of gold, look at that. 89 10 lakhs.  When it comes to marriage, then add up all the expenses. I am not talking about the food expenses of the wedding. From A to Z cards to sweets and clothes, all the functions that happen are spending so much.  I am talking about the middle class which is my audience. Okay, there are a lot of expenses being incurred even in poor families. Okay, so you will get complete clarity on this thing. You must buy it 100% from that workshop. It is highly recommended.  So if you buy 100%, you will become a consultant, it is not necessary that if it is not yours, then you have to see, the one who has it will do reverse engineering or had he asked this question earlier, it would have happened to you.  As a boy, two things have to be seen, okay, first of all, there should be some bell ringing from within, friend, all these relationships cannot be done like this, that I have so much package of his, by doing this in such a package, the hearts have relationships, at least some bell should be ringing somewhere.  I am telling a little bit to the boys that the girls do it at a different level, so I cannot do the same, meaning girls can also follow this if they want, but brother, they have to see something else too, so for them separately, if the girls are listening to me.  Are  Because of the audience, how much of it is boy and girl, I don't know exactly yet. If girls want me to make a specific one for you too, then a little bit will be different for you, a little bit will be different, love will still be there, at least once you see it, you should feel that  Friend, from somewhere it should seem that something is good, if something is fine, then boys should not marry problematic girls who can create problems for them and they are seeing red flags with their eyes closed. Even then they do it out of greed, either they feel very beautiful and sexy or they feel that they belong to a very rich family and they feel that if the family is so rich then father-in-law will take care of them in future.  They do n't take care because after the registration of the plot, someone comes and does something, that is, the old one who has settled down or not, no, now I will get the four walls done, oh, the plot will be registered, now after that no one will bear any expense.  This is the truth of life, it will not happen after that, then you have already assumed that I am not promoting any dowry system here, but I am telling you for the sake of greed, do not do it out of greed, father-in-law's money will never give you happiness. I am telling all the boys that I will never give the position of father-in-law that he has called for you and helped, this can definitely happen, here it is enough that he has helped, provided support in any form, okay.  so but think like this  Take it, no, no, no, it's not okay, she is the only girl, even among the only ones, no one does it so quickly these days, by the time you get it, I had made a video earlier, it is happening again too, iron of inheritance, any time, a little more of the next generation on the money of the previous generation.  It is not happening in India. According to me, it should happen but it is not happening. So how did you like this video? Share it, like it, share it with your friends and listen to the words of your heart and this is the bachelor, isn't it? Brother, you are the bachelor, you are me.  Are you listening, but the bachelors who are giving knowledge, don't look for it, they are not so knowledgeable, no one does such a thing, no one does such a thing, you will have to just settle, how to give it to a high value man, high value woman, what women want.  How Men Have to Compromise How the Marriage Goes About This is a two-hour workshop in itself that I will probably do sometime now.  Election time is going on, so I am very busy in making my own videos, but after that, if I get time, then maybe in the month of June, I will bring it in the workshop and explain it to you so that you people can understand once how it is.  And it will come, the knowledge will come from a person, whatever these troubles are, I see them ahead, I can see them in the future, they are here now, they can be seen in the future also, so this is a very very important aspect in love.  Do it to fall in love and when you fall in love, please don't shy away from approaching the girl in a very decent manner that friend, I am liking you very much and I am like this and so and so, this is, will you marry me and she will  Get lost to say ok thank you very much you could have been nicer I came and spoke to you so nicely I should not have said loss you should have said no no not  Yes, I don't want to buy a flat right now, the type is fine, sorry, don't buy an insurance policy, just refuse someone just like you refuse them, no, I don't want to buy it right now, no, mine is already set up somewhere.  So say it like this, but don't shy away from reaching out to good girls who look good in your eyes, reach reach them, this is also a different phenomenon that men have stopped doing this, don't say to read back. Like some pictures, I don't mean forcefully asking someone to do stalking, once you can go to a decent human being in a decent manner, you can say that you are feeling good like this and he should go there, don't talk like this friendship.  If you do that means the girl will run away, don't talk like this, you do n't want friendship, don't do friendship, this is the problem directly, I want to talk to you, I intend to get married for some time, straight marriage is not like living in or  Friendship or Let's Know Each Other Let's Go Out Hang Out See If It Works Ye Nahi Karna Say I'm Coming and Approaching You with the Intention of Marriage May Be One or Two Days Three Days We Can Meet We Can Talk and See If It Works What's the problem? There are many girls who are waiting a lot to talk to such clear cut men but those men give them feelings only.  She doesn't understand why the friend is coming and what he is doing, so she also becomes the other wise and says with a straight face that she intends to get married, let's talk for two-four days. If you understand, then the parents will talk.  Then get married and do this regularly only then you will meet the right partner. If you are not getting married, if you want to get married then people are busy in real life. All of them are not getting married to these dot coms. in the big city  Or are you living somewhere in the city? Physically, look like this, that girl is going to my office next to this one. I am feeling good. Well, when you say what are you feeling, brother, only the body is visible, nature is visible, but in the body only the body. It's not about how I look, what is mine, it's about the vibrations, the feeling that I am.  Iking is also a personality trait, look a little, see a little, understand a little, know a little more closely and then just say hi hello and one more thing I want to tell you, I want to tell you one more thing, I want to tell the boys that your female  If your colleagues are married, some may not be married. Those who are not married or are of the opposite gender, then make some friendship with them in the sense that through them you may meet some other girl.  You are thinking that it is one of her friends, relatives and acquaintances because I am telling you that I am giving a big tip to the people because many people are coming, my friend is not getting married, I am not feeling like it, you talk to that girl politely.  Let's talk about that girl will have a good impression on you, he is a good boy, he does good work, he seems to have good manners, he is talking well, even at home, let's get to know him, is there such a girl in this life?  Which five in 10  She may not know other girls in her relational friend circle or in that, so she can do this to you, yes friend, she is there, she can tell him, now the girl who is her friend, she should at least look at the recommendation of that good friend. Will she agree to go and have tea, water and coffee with him? Why not? This is how the marriage will happen. Now I am telling this through paid consultation, I am telling the stories through paid webinar and I am telling it for free.  So You have to make this video a little bit so that people can benefit because I have a lot of paid content, so I have to release it, so even if I keep releasing it every day, I still keep getting a lot of new content, so that's my  I am not very worried that my shop will not be closed because I have given away so much free stuff. There is a lot of stuff in my shop and there will be plenty to sell. I am telling you from a practical point of view. How did you like this idea? Instead of doing it like this, boys should get it.  it's not happening, it's not happening In this.com, there are big deceptions in the co. It is not known that there is not so much clarity in the physical plane to interact with the opposite gender, he may be 10 years older than her, she is 25 years older than aunty ji, are you 25 years old, 50 Hello from Sal's aunty, aunty ji will also be related, friend sir will be there tomorrow and tell him directly aunty ji, call him a girl, speak directly for the boy. Clearly, people will like it, there is no problem or shame in it, interact with anyone, friend, you start interacting in the real world, people are not interacting at all, Sharma is living in shyness, this way a little will appear on top of the girl or  Boys, the same advice that I was giving, these girls can also follow, you do not have to marry that boy or if he is married or anyone then he is not the same, then people do not get the same in him. Why does this problem go wrong? That's why the advice which works for the boys may not work exactly for the girls because if those girls also do bad things then the man will get misunderstood. Girls do not get misunderstood. Girls have more brains and men have less brains.  If men think that if she is coming like this then she is not me only then they become like this, okay so this is a bit of an issue, it is okay. This is also an issue but still there is a friend circle, there are acquaintances, there are colleagues, there are batchmates of yours, when did you do college, you did this, then expand that circle a little, you do that, do that.  There are many weddings, they are good and I will tell the parents, hey, I will tell the parents too, keep your circle, talk a bit straightforwardly, don't put pressure on anyone else to tell the girl, for my boy, the girl, then people don't tell.  Fear comes but in a way we have our own circle, stay in a good place, only then I say, stay in a good condo and condo, stay in a good place, what have you got, but real estate has come to me. When I say this, many people troll me.  I say that you should buy separate houses and live separately, many people come to you and say like this, brother, you are real estate, brother, real estate is one work, marital consultation is another work, you all live in the same house, there will be conflict.  Even if you come to me, even if you live separately, if you come to me, then everyone will have to come to me. If you do something as per your wish, then do not look for the agenda behind my advice, there is no use, the chit is ours, the tail is also ours, it is okay.  So don't do that, this was genuinely free advice to help people, have a lot of desperation for practice, do n't be so bitter for the cool percentage, do n't be a tough boy.  Acharya Prashant and all this, don't confuse consciousness, intellect and discretion. Friend, you will come back very bitter. You will come back after losing 10 122 years. You will come only to people like us. Most of the people who are coming to my consultations are the ones whose trains have been canceled. Guruji, what to do now?  So brother, first don't go to that place, I am saying that nowadays these pictures will stop being made, this excessive talk has come even in the city political space and is everywhere outside.  Get out, litter, parking, car, traffic pollution, all this, where to find romance in this, but we will have to go a little towards romance, India needs to be romantic and listen to some songs, sing some songs and also talk about love and love in this.  Such poets have also gone, okay Sahari Ludhianvi was a bachelor, look how wonderful she has written about love and affection, okay what wonderful songs she has written and poems and all this.  He has written poetry, but he has never spread the bitter words that all this 498 is going to become 86 A in the new code which is coming. Okay, so this 498 will probably end anyway, its number is going to change in my opinion.  Lot Many Good Things Will Happen There Are Really Good Girls Out There Who Are Good By Nature Good By Understanding Just Seek Them Out You Got The Complete Opposite  I have not accepted the contract of gender, you only want one good girl, if you look for it, you will find it. I call many people, friend, I call women or I call women as men, so I have taken the contract that all men are bad, all women are bad, this is  Gender is like this and everyone is like this. Suppose such a system comes that all the girls in the world become the best but the one you marry is the worst, then will you be happy or not, all are the best and yours is the worst.  Or reverse it that yours is best for you, rest you have taken the contract. Yes, what is happening, then take this approach, remove this negativity from this society that men are dirty, boys are cheaters, girls are cheaters, all are like this Guruji, cheating.  Gives, gives, Brother, one cheated, two cheated you, you cheated, there was something wrong in you, you cheated, you are attracting people, you are attracting people, see this.  You are many things, flies attract you, flies come, why are the flies coming, brother, is there something wrong with what is coming, introspect within yourself that why am I attracting deceitful girls, why not attracting a good girl, if you ever think about this I teach all the things, now I will not teach all this for free, it will take effort, you want to learn for two and a half hours, brothers and sisters, you want to change your life because life is not just one thing. So let it out by crying or let it out by being happy and happiness will come only when you get clarity or not. Friend, one can be happy and I tell people again and again that being sad is the default setting, being sad is easy, hard work is done to be happy.  It doesn't take hard work, we go to the things which are easy, many people have spread wrong notions, I do n't know which motivational people, which books, oh, being happy is not that difficult, being happy is easy, no, being happy is not easy, being happy is  If it were easy, more people  It is easier to remain sad than happy, that is why more people are unhappy, but being happy is not very difficult but it is not easy either, it is a work in between, you have to work a little hard, you have to learn a little, this is our shop of happiness, okay yes  We teach to be happy We teach to spread happiness Like all value things which are valuable This knowledge This skill is also a value Small value 400 500 00 00 Lack of pizza  They also keep pizzas as per their choice, people come as per their taste, many don't know from which city, I tell them the rates of pizza of Gurgaon, brother, maybe there is variation in small cities, okay, so please come and join, there is a lot more on the page. You can see my courses, tell me in the comment section if you understand, Happiness course is one, Happiness course is two, it is very good, take a look, read it, it is a good recording, want to take membership.  Take membership and I have a free subscriber info group. Those who want to join can join, but the free thing is like free electricity and water, it does not make anyone a tycoon, so do as you like, otherwise these people are like this.  You get complete clarity from the video also. How did you like the video? Tell me, share, like, subscribe. Thank you very much.