Hello friends, today there is a war advice, you should dress when you go to office and urinate in public space. It is okay, I roam around a lot in Gurgaon, I also go to other cities but it is so corporate and not within that, in other cities Gurgaon is more in daily basis.  I am telling you my observation here, you can make yourself extra polite with whatever you wear, it is okay to change it, now it is said that whatever address you have to wear western dress, now dhoti.  You do n't go to office wearing a kurta, no one is even saying this, here I am going to suggest what time you are going, I will not talk about oil laced people's clothes, I will not talk about inflation, I will not even talk about brands, but I will say that friend means Steve.  Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg and all this, the world gives an example of anything being a pen and for that first you have to become it, you have to reach that level, this thing is there in our India also, now in our India also Guru ji.  Even if you don't wear anything, those people also look at you. They also know the world. If you don't wear any clothes on your body, if you say one piece of cloth, then you are not wearing anything. Actually, you know that the public is sitting in front of them too. They are listening to the toxins [Music] Job because. What is happening is that this is not ho because what happens like not tree you will be diplomatic I will be little beat blood and address rahte kithar ho kya rahte difference address to aap lekar  If you are not walking then when you come out and what you are wearing, it makes a difference. The second thing in this is how you look, the one who looks clean and beautiful has always had an advantage. Remember this in life if you Take the Man in Life Your Parents Are Not Beautiful The In Fact Late Say You Parents Are Next and You Are Next Today on D World Definition You Can Do Anything About It I Understand But You Can and Change D World  Language, when overall personality is seen, then the color discrimination in which we do is basically and all these things have only 40% weightage, 60% are not the things which I have mentioned, maybe you are giving 20 marks out of 40 i.e. you are bringing 50%.  Yes, but here in 60, you are sitting at 55, then overall you have a personality, you are 75, now there will be people who will say short or tall.  Brother, everything makes a difference, one does not say it, but it does make a difference, I do not discriminate, I do not, what happens with my and your opinion and what should be corrected, what happens with that, what to speak, carriage lot of importance and youngsters.  But no, my hair is done like this, I am going to the office because I am saying because I sit on a lot of panels, you are doing interviews all this time because the reason is if you are not very serious.  About Yourself What will you be serious about your work? I am ultra- groomed, whatever you can see, you can become. If you have definitely become such that you have such strong knowledge coming out of your mouth, then everyone will catch hold of it and that.  If you are at the level, then it doesn't matter. Now Ramdev ji, you know the two clothes and his standard, he and the world listens to him and everything else, but Ramdev ji, you are reducing his equipment.  It does n't matter to them, your level has become the same, so there is no problem, you are a politician, he is a non-politician, if he is roaming around wearing a shirt, then he is roaming around in the same shirt, by the way, keep it with you, it doesn't matter, are you above him?  Have got up but if you are a normal person who is working in your company and is doing less then all this is seen that I am that is why many people no on this I say that brother when you earn 60 thousand rupees  rupee phone  You can take the phone, it is visible in your hand, you can also wear some clothes like that, then you can iron the clothes, then you can wear shoes, then you can wear trousers like that, it is a thing of Rs. 60 or Rs. 1000 or so in your pocket.  She also went inside Shobha ji and bought it to show it off to the public. Take it, but take care of the things that appear to be complete. Take care of your little chance also. Take care of the other things too.  there is one  I went to the beauty salon, I also went to the beauty parlor concert, like I also look at other women, if a girl is doing hair for Rs 50,000 and another girl is doing it, there is a lot of difference between the two, there is a difference in personality.  It is very much, there are many jobs where there are personality based jobs, everywhere you find a genius, scientist, it is not based on technology software, brother, there is a lot of talent in this, many  There are too many jobs, 80% of the jobs are infected, it's all about how you look, it decides and in that, it's okay to look good as much as you have in your hands, now someone is smoking a cigarette in the mouth, the bad smell is coming from someone's mouth.  I did not tell you all this right here that brother, this is a mistake for you, it will just be an impression, then you will keep asking, what is happening to me by typing, what is happening to me, you should feel that it is not me in particular.  Stay completely in the brand, but one inch branded thing, people picked up the thing from the set, the same will be the thing picked up, the same will be the behavior with you in the long term, then your victory will be to keep the quantity and keep the variety again and again. Buy three shirts.  Buy one color from us, but brother, whenever it is a bit damaged or old, then give me the ball, quantity wise, now I see that many times people are like buying an object or doing something, sometimes they have to go and see, it is too much.  Closets, clothes, thousands of clothes and no one has come with such a personality. Hey brother, I am the one who has four clothes and keep them like this. Keep four or five clothes, but keep them in such a way that you feel something in them. It is okay for you to say this, it is not a big deal.  If you don't like it then people would have judged you personally, sometimes you wear something, I Guru ji, don't do it, it's okay, I am telling the youngsters, it's okay, once you reached that level also.