Hello friends, do you want to retire, how much money should you get according to the Golden Formula, then you should retire. I will tell you the rule of 4%. This means that if your expenditure is Rs 10 lakh per year, then 25  That's 4%, multiplying 100 by 4 is 25 times. If you have 2.5 crores, you can retire. A lot of knowledge is being created like this and this is a mega channel from me.  Subscribe 100 times and 125 times. Those people are distributing this knowledge by cut copy pasting. Read four English books somewhere. People don't have time to read them. They took that knowledge and pasted it and have to subscribe a lot. Many people know that it is not so.  It happens and why it doesn't happen I'm going to tell you Don't follow these stupid rules there is no rule I will tell you the same thing can never be a rule because no one can predict human  Aspirations: You are 25 years old, 30 years old, 35 years old, 40 years old, never war, 955 years old man will ask you to go to Mount Everest base camp, you will be okay with going, your wife and children will all say, hey, what are you doing, sit peacefully, no one will come.  Will spend Mani I go You can never predict water Kind of Mani Do you want to make a T20 match Don't make that many runs You need so many in this over Make this many and this  If runs are scored then it will not go on like this here, this is a lifelong test match, score as many runs as you want and here you will be out once only when your program will be done thank you, this is done at your own expense, what is the reason, why are these videos a hit?  Types of Financial Influences, seeing which you cannot reach anywhere in your life because you are miserable in your life today. You may feel that your life is as if your breath is coming to an end. You may feel that your job is coming to an end. So now.  just u  You see brother, if it becomes so much, then I will be free from the problem, this time problem is not about Mani, it is possible that some body is telling you, this much will happen, this much will happen, you will see that as soon as you progress in life, no one knows about inflation from anywhere. Sometimes it is 4%, sometimes it is not there, sometimes it is 10, sometimes it is six and this is the government's figure. How much is the inflation of aspirations in actual?  Will you tell me brother, should you educate someone's children in your government school, educate them in Kendriya Vidyalaya, Navodaya Vidyalaya and in the government schools or do you want to be among the bigger ones or among the bigger ones, how will you know that even your 6 year old child  When he does 12th, he will come, Papa, my scholarship, now I want this maximum dates, tell me, when I can score 36 runs in one and only you have it in my hands, then make 36, no, I am this. Now he will be educated, what will happen next, see brother, don't people really want you to be well, given them 2.5 crores, 2 crores, 1.5 crores, 1 crores, in the same way there will be no value left, do you know, nothing is left 10 20 years ago  They say, first 30-40 years ago, a millionaire is a millionaire, then a millionaire has become a millionaire, now there is nothing, now only husband and husband are left like this, there is nothing, the value is already inside Uttam Nagar, if your no.  Is there anything even in 100 yards, that also means I am giving the example of Delhi, do you know which locality, what it is like, there is no meaning, sit at home, should I do it sitting at home, then you can enjoy.  Then you go to the beach, it feels so good to go to the beach, it feels so good to go to the mountains, go and stay for 10 days and see, after the fifth day he will run to the mountains and he will run to the sea, there is no taste there for another four-five days.  It feels good and it also feels good because wherever you have come from, you have created so much influence in the life of that place, so wherever you go like this, you will be seen openly, you will like it, address the problems, problem adervise, what is this, is this kind of financial porn?  Video Nothing, it looks like this, if it seems somehow, then find more ways to earn money by earning this passive income. There are many videos, I will also give clarity on that, money income is not so passive.  It sounds like money, the problem is that one does not need 10 hours a day to earn income, but maybe half an hour is needed, maybe half an hour is needed, maybe 15 hours a month, then even money and income are described as if everything is one's own.  It will be possible to take fare in auto, if you manage, it is not so much money, so please, my request is that my audience understands my content, go for actual adding value in yourself. Don't have, I just want to get this, whatever I get is less, you think this and I am not asking you to be greedy, I am asking you to be curious, I am saying here that in yourself Add so much value to the things that you will get well. Like I also tell in the definition that when you go somewhere and buy a shoe, you liked the shoe and you did not even ask the money for it, you deducted the amount and you did not even see how much.  belongs to This is the actual definition of 'will be'. We will settle in becoming rich. If you have to set a goal then set such a goal that you do not even ask the rate of anything. If you want anything, you just take it but that is very difficult for me in the Indian setting.  It feels like this is something like Lets, if a video had been made 25-30 years before Lets, it would have been made in 1993. You would have had a video like this in 30 years. 10 lakh rupees will turn sour. It was a big thing in 1993. 10 lakh rupees was a big thing in 1993. Look, what is 10 lakh rupees today? It sounds very good. In 1940, the expenses of an average house of a middle class whose two children were studying well, were at officer level on The Group.  I am talking about the time before independence, even among the British people, it would have cost an Indian ₹ 10. In 1940, household expenses meant food and school expenses.  If he is not spending the fees which are consumables, then how much can one take the loan, which is a normal expense. The cost of running a house was ₹ 10 in 1940, in 1960 it became ₹ 100 in 20 years. How much has the monthly expense become ₹ 100 whose middle I am telling you the definition of Class Group Pay Officer. I am not talking about a poor man, I am not talking about a very high risk person who is a middle class person. Group Pay Officer for 20 years.  Take the service man, in 1940 his expenses were ₹ 10, which means two children, I am telling you according to the family, in 1960, his expenses increased 10 times to ₹ 100, in 1980 then 10 became ₹ 1000, that is, in 1980.  Food, drink and milk are school fees, the monthly expenses would be thousands of rupees, okay, it has increased 10 times, this is what has increased.  In the year 2000, Rs 10,000 will become 10 times more than a thousand and in 2020 it will again become 10 times more than one lakh, so this trend has been going on for 80 years, no one tells about it, if the same trend is happening now then  It happened in 1940, it happened in 60, it happened in 80, it happened in 2000, it happened in 2020 if it is extrapolated In 2040, brother, this is 10 lakh rupees per month. 2000 in 40, I felt sad to hear that, it means please note, I am not satisfied, it may be 10, it may be less, I don't know, I don't know, but this is because of inflation. I am telling the figures, so don't get excited about numbers, keep working hard, keep sting ahead of all the people with whom you associate. Try because there are a lot of aspirations. As I say to the aspirations, the lady who was born in a family that never swept, mopped, or did the utensils, that is, she will get married and in a family that never swept, mopped, or did the utensils, she will see her old age.  If I go to the position of doing, then it is a matter of aspiration that go down, start doing things which you never did in your life, which has done sometimes, sometimes does not do, sometimes happiness, sometimes sorrow, that.  If the financial influence figures are different, then these financial influence figures are torn, they are not given live from Excel, show Excel by showing Excel, your emotions are not able to be captured in Excel, you are not able to see it because once you get into the habit of being a driver, sitting behind in the car and driving.  And you are giving ₹ 15000 to the driver, who is almost a fan these days. I am telling you that the driver has an average salary, so that habit has become yours, then you have not driven again for 5 years, 10 years.  As for the car, your age was also increasing and then it is not going to run again, so you have to spend money for all these things. Many people will say that now you have no expenses today, tomorrow you will have today's expenses like school fees of different types of children. Tomorrow is up to the children, then the children's children, then your desires, then the man, then he is you, what do you actually do with the money, reverse engineering your desires so that now it has become so much that I have money, so I enough now  If I am talking about planning here, then planning is the planning of default setting, right now, you are doing more than what you will earn, this is not a planning, planning, how much do I wish for it and to what extent can I reduce it?  Don't keep other numbers in this message I hope these videos seem a little contrarian but do you agree with me from inside, your friend does not like to talk like this.  Views are coming, everyone is watching, is there any shortage of people that as long as you get another 2.5 crores, what will be the value of 2.5 crores because the things that are added get shaken, sometimes 12% provident.  You used to add 8090 rupees to the fund and check it now it has become 5% with further fall and it will become 4% with further fall and it is possible that it will be 4% in 4 years, so the planning will be successful. Planning is based on this.  On Same Mathematics This much I will take less This I will do Debt Mathematics Only Can Change This is what I am It can only change When you need money then share market is down Mutual fund is down Now you will read your units What can happen when  They say that share market people say don't time the market, don't time will have to be released, even then there is no time, no market, no brother, it works, sending both is not like that, tell the time of entry. Keep posting at any rate because everybody wants date CIP. Somehow all this is fine. I hope you have got a slightly different perspective from this video. Thank you.