Hello friends, there is a sub topic in the topic of marriage where husband and wife both earn money that how much wife should contribute in D monthly expenditure is a very simple thing, there can be some template because many people will complain that wives are doing something.  Can there be any template by which it can be done that they should do this much because wives can also say that if there is 100% less in the house then In that also, how much is the husband doing, then that answer can also be thrown away, but in the matter of money, I always tell what I understand in my consultation, I try to tell people that I take your comment expenditure of 100 rupees.  It is okay, whatever be your ratio of salary, whether it is like this, whether it is heater, food, everything is being shared, then if you assume that your salary ratio is 2:1, then it is 2:1.  The ratio will be 66. If the husband is spending then the wife is spending 33. If the wife's income is only 20% of the husband's income then make the ratio of 1:5, then approximately the rest will be in our ratio, but we do not have to skin it. But yes, women should do it, it is a good thing and the rest is being done through your savings, do that also in the family.  For example, if you want to buy a house, you buy a house in your common name, then the meaning of spending is a very simple idea. There are a lot of fights and quarrels. There should be transparency in money. One more thing is that the money is spent here but the rest of the money also. Many times we will have to answer to each other, what happens is that the husband says, I earn, should I spend it somewhere, what is wrong with you, he will have to tell his wife where I am spending this money, in the same way, wife.  She should also be told that her money is being consumed, where she is giving gifts, how much gift she is giving, she should be making her fat by earning money and checking every month, updating the passbook, spying on Jagga, that is not a good thing for a relationship.  Specially, there should be a joint account of a joint expenditure in which as soon as the salary is received i.e. on the first day of the month or whenever it is received, it should be transferred to him in installments and those big expenses should be given to him accordingly and the same should be shared from there.  The one on the bridge should be given a team and the rest should have a little big heart. Here the men will have to have a big heart. It is right that brother, one should not keep track of fifty-four and eighty-eighths. Now, those wives who say that their mother-  She is giving money to her father, she is giving it later, it becomes very wrong, okay in the family, I probably don't know, I have made a video, if you guys want, I will make it, that you do n't have to give money to your parents, give it to the boy.  what to give to a girl if she  If needed, I will make a video, but today you are a man and a married couple, whether it is a boy or a girl, you should not be given any other gem by your parents because once you start doing this, there is no end and marriage will be rolled drums and  It can never be recovered. There are certain circumstances when you should give it after explaining it, after asking it, it is okay to do it with respect, not vice and definitely not for money in marriage secretly.  The right on knowledge is not on money, saying that the money which is our spouse's is 100% ours, you are married, you cannot say that if I have less money then it is all mine because I am less, where is that money going? In which head is it going, how much mutual fund and provident fund is going on? Life should know it 100% and where all the wife's money is being accounted for, she should know now someone.  Took the lipstick, took the nail polish, took only a little bit, do n't enter into the trouble in her chakkaron, we do n't want to declare that much and it should be done only by making it thick, who is called to make it thick, here also you will also be interviewed, also contributed by and D.  Ratio Me Si Will Contribute In De Household Loss Of You Want Is It Okay Or In The Household Sometimes I Did Sometimes You Did You Did Too Much Your Health Was Well Mine Was Well You Were  I was free, it was okay, don't marry him at once, friend, he is exactly like him, he is like a shop scale, don't think that today it is heavy, you have to calculate it by tomorrow and in the long term, the calculation will be done gradually in 6 months.  Well, do it sometime in 12, it will keep happening, but in general there should be a trend, it should never happen that otherwise, I will not even give ₹ 1 to women and then I will do all my work like this, according to me, it is not right to do so, okay? and then he goes ahead  There is a problem there is no point you know living on the institute and if you do something wrong then it goes like this and then that relationship no longer exists.