Hello friends, how to recover money lent to your friends and relatives, I am telling a very practical topic, many of you must have given money to your friends, youth gives a lot, even elders give to friends, friend, any relative has borrowed money, it is okay.  Those who say loan, have given a loan, some friend has taken it, many people are not able to recover from it, infact they are not able to understand how to recover, in fact they should not give at all.  There was a video of mine earlier also, if you haven't seen it, you can find it in the comment section, you can find it in the description, please give it, it is very important, it is very important, I will not repeat its content much, it is a great video, when the channel was new. That's why maybe you people have not seen it, it is a very good video, after this it is better to watch it because if you have given it now then it is very important not to give it after withdrawing the money, if you don't give it now then it is okay and this is the video.  -Whom you are affected by You should share this with those people, first of all, to withdraw the money, do not share it with only those to whom you have given it, otherwise you will say that you have learned this technique from Guruji and if you have to do it, then do it shamelessly. He will understand, okay, first of all, if you have given a lot of money, then tell him that brother, I have to build my house, I have to buy a house, I need my child to get married, depending on your situation, what is your urgent and How do you have to start that a friend will lend you something? Don't ask for a loan from him. If you have given Rs 100 to someone in letters, any quantity or lakhs of crores of Rs 00, then people will not listen to it, but if you have given it then you have a bigger figure than that.  You have to ask him to give it to me, meaning you not only give me yours but also give me yours and you give me that, you have to say it because what is the matter, many people find it convenient to keep their mutual funds in demat or FD.  They are sitting and playing with your money because they know that you will be ashamed to ask because you know that they know that you need them emotionally, friendship and kinship and they know that they have a good circle which makes them lend more. I have seen them take people's money and spend it. I have seen one common thing among them and you should also see - Never give money. Anyway, don't give it to anyone, but these are the people who have a lot of social circle and emotional support, they don't care.  It doesn't take two minutes  I will make friendship like this. If you are the only friend of your friend, suppose you also know that everyone knows, then the chances of him crying your money is less because he has shame somewhere or the other, only one friendship.  There are two friendships, these killers will make 50 places, first with you, then with that person, then with everyone else, then they rotate it like a credit card and it becomes working capital. Unless someone else lends to them, it will not be yours and such people think of themselves as great by using credit cards, that is the credit limit of 1 lakh 2 lakh 3 lakh, I have also put it here.  I gave it to him, I gave it to him, I gave it like this, Then I earned points, He earned it, He has the mind like Chacha Chaudhary, What is the reason for taking money from you? The very fact: Your money was taken from you, its basic reason.  These  No, your money is too much, no one ever has too much money, remember this, even Mukesh Ambani ji does not have much, why doesn't he have more and why did those who have given it seem to have more because they have  There was no agenda for my money, the money is lying in the bank, there is no agenda, anyone will come and ask for it, anyone will come and cry, within a minute even if you have arranged for an FD properly, you will be forced to break it, if anyone asks, then  Have  An Agenda of Your Own Money First of all if you move otherwise and secondly what is so convenient? Don't keep telling people that I earn so much because Chaudhary people die more and say that itna Chaudhary was getting cooked. Yours is such a great job.  You are doing it so hard, which relative should you ask for a loan, if not behind you, which relative are you? Yes, are you such a big sir, you are a top official, he is asking for two lakhs from you for that simple thing.  The reply is I am fully invested, I have taken shares of Asian Paints, they are going to grow, I am not going to break them, for you, you take a loan, very fact, those who ask for money, their credit is 6 zero, isn't it as per law, a big person should not be asking money.  When banks are flush with money they are ready to give Your CIBIL should be fine Your track record should be fine You should have the ability to return the money The bank is ready in two minutes 50 calls are received, take loan, take loan, then you are not taking it from them, that means the matter is wrong, somewhere they are asking you for it, without processing fee, without pre- payment penalty, higher interest interest rate, then it would be a sin to ask for interest rate and many people are not willing to pay interest.  When we make a promise, there is an attitude that when I am giving it at 8, then at 7, it is better to take it from your bank at 6 than getting it from a relative at 10. Many old people are losing their money in the matter of three-fourths and their next generation does not have so much dominance, go and play the shoes, they will say, he will say, 'Where did my son come from? The father had asked me, am I a government employee or should I go and break his head or not?  It is given by the Father and if something happens in the meantime then God will be spoiled because no one has come after drinking the nectar. You probably give less in your 70s than in 80. Till 70 your brain is functioning fine.  At the age of 60, it is normal that we give something, but if something happens to someone then the one who will go to the next generation, which one have you written and studied, he will say, Bhabhi ji, Namaste, no, no, you gave it in the bank, so it is in the bank.  So I had given consultation, not him, he had lent my money. How do you prove a banking transaction? Which judge means the person has given money to this person through banking.  Where is it written in the channels that the loan has to be returned, the money has been given, thank you, what was the need to give, it was for that thing, for so many years, they used to take money from me and the youngsters who borrow are the worst thing.  Bari, there is no friendship greater than this. No, there should be friendship in friendship. No, your friends are from the bank. Is there a shortage of banks? There is a shortage of credit cards. Give me mine, you give me today. These friends earned by lending are never of use.  I am telling you this  This is how friendship ends in a minute when you make money and what is there in it? Friendship is so called that it ends but a man is a fool in his own eyes and is very self-declared. When you are declared a fool in your own eyes then that is what hurts the most. This is the thing.  If someone puts a gun to your temple and rapes you, then what is your fault? You will go to the police and say, " Brother, save me." Now you do n't blame yourself.  You will say, friend, what happened? A man robbed me, but when you rob me with your stupidity and you had the choice not to rob, then the man gets very upset and if one or two people fool you like this. So self esteem issues happen, after that what happens next? I don't feel like interacting socially, then it seems like every man I meet in life will rob me. As a result, you lose your  You are not able to invest, you are not able to establish social relations because on what basis you know, you know, you know, or you are now in recovery, till you see his life. Every man who has taken loan from many people, when you see his life every day.  You will make a meeting by calling and first tell her that I am not asking publicly right now, otherwise I will ask publicly too, till then you understand that the relationship is gone and she has gone to the nice city. Tell me brother, take my money.  After today, don't give it to me, not to me, and people have a habit of partying on the 1st, you tell them brother, listen, isn't it like this, you can give Rs. Tell him to give a thousand rupees. A man has taken lakhs of rupees from you and you ask him for a thousand rupees and he cannot even withdraw a thousand and give it to you. Tell him to write 99 remaining rupees in his diary. It is not his intention to understand that every man  Will he tell you to take him on a date?  Take five, take 10, take it next year, take it after two months, speak, listen, I have come like this, give 000, you will have to become a recovery brother and you will have to fall in your own eyes, for doing all this, my friend, see where I am with myself.  Stuck after spending Rs 00 on petrol, you will come back to recover Rs 000 but you will have to do this, say paytm2, you will have it, say balance has reduced from Rs 1 lakh, it was Rs 99 lakh.  800, he will understand that his son will have to pay it, then if he borrows from someone else, tell him to borrow from his father and whoever is this relative or friend, his parents or relative or wife to recover the money.  Or the spouse will have to say that the money is yours and give it to me. What is the point? We keep it very private that he will feel bad otherwise it will not come out. This is a man who took it from him. So tell his wife that it is your husband.  Oz it to me this much money and he should give bhaiya Muthoot finance by mortgaging it, these are the ones who wear it around the neck, when the matter comes to that level, I have seen people play this game of working capital of 10, 20, 30 lakhs.  And from this they earn Rs. 2.5 lakh as interest, which comes once every month for Hajj. This is when their intentions are not bad and they keep rotating and where  The intention has gone bad, the intention to kill the money has come, there is another story there and their story will always be that I do some business, some of my working capital is stuck, my money is going to come, this is going to happen to me, this is going to be my story, there will be stories.  Tell me brother, why don't you give me money in many other places, the one with return promise also gets trapped in that, my friend, he will give you at 8, he will give at 10, he will give at 12, he will give at 15, wherever there are banks, there are mutual funds.  There are stocks, put them there, all kinds of returns are available in the market, if you want more then put it in this one, you want less in this one, the rest cannot be given, the person who will give returns at 15, his business is not going to work because no business is earning that much money.  If it is a fact then show your agenda of money and then say return my money please share this message with everybody. If you have taken big money then tell me I don't think you are doing it, you will have to sell the asset, tell me that house or tell that flat or tell that plot or half the plot tell me that will have to be done say no no not like this you will not be able to do it tell me  Assets will have to be taxed in my name, now people will have to spend a lot of money of others in order to save their own. The world is shamelessly selfish, that is what I am trying to tell. The world is shamelessly selfish, I am telling you this. Thank you very much