Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the youth. How to come out of mess in your life. Many issues come up in many consultations. Many people have been in some mess in life. Do you understand the English word that means you are stuck in a situation and come out of it?  This method can be whatever your situation may be, but I want to teach you this as a template which you can use in consultation if you want to help someone.  Or you can use it very well in your life, whenever you find yourself in a mess, emotional mess, financial mess, these are the types of mess, if some of the health mess is okay, there are five or six things in which, man, this is a ruinous situation. If you reach there then the first question that every other person asks before getting out is get me out or how do I get out? The first question you have to ask is how did I get stuck here, how did it become very easy.  To blame someone that this is because of this because this is what we do, the previous generation in our country has also done the same and children learn the same from parents, right things, good things and this is a wrong thing learned that brother, think about yourself. Before blaming someone, you have to do that higher order thinking, why did that man hit you, why did that woman hit you, why did that person hit you, why did you get fooled, what was it in you that someone used and misused you and went away saying something.  After listening to this, how do you keep friends, what kind of habit do you have, what food do you eat, why did you land up in that situation, you will have to write that if this is the situation, then what did I do, I used to waste a lot of money, let's say.  In Financial Mains, what did you spend money on? If you used to show off then why did you show off? Was it an emotional issue? To get into every mess, I want to tell you one thing, brothers and sisters, please pay attention.  Listen to all the youngsters who are listening, there is an emotional vacuum, you are getting fat, you are doing emotional eating, why are you doing this, parents fight, there were issues in childhood, there was trauma, analyze, only then you will be able to come out of that thing, just think that  Just like I have seen people in financial mess, I am in a mess, please help me, I mean, suppose someone is down 5 lakh 10 lakh, he is stuck in something.  He thinks that the way out of this is that he will give me 5 lakhs-10 lakhs brother, you will put it again, why are you a jerk, it is necessary to analyze it, we used to trade while playing future options, we used to trade on the job, the job was going well but the stock market.  Was there an emotional vacuum in trading? Was n't getting a promotion in the office? Wasn't getting recognition. Was trying to impress his peer group by making some side income with less knowledge. He wanted to impress his wife. Wanted to impress, wanted to become rich quickly youtube2 If not, then he also has to analyze whether his greed was for that thing or for some food item that took him there, today if he drives out the rat but he  If he is not able to understand the greed that was underlined, then after two hours he will be trapped in another trap again. Do you understand how beautifully I am trying to give you the template of why you are in that mess that you are?  Attract people and partners in relationships who let you down Do you engage in narcissistic behavior Do you have self-esteem issues Do you accept everyone too easily Did you neglect your childhood Are you a people pleaser Do you run away from conferences That everyone makes you feel like they have used you and you can't say anything to them, those are the underline principles.  We have to understand that if we want to ever come out of mess, you will have to do journaling, which means you will have to write down where and in life, what you are hearing from me now, who are listening to me, if you are not present in the mess, it may also happen. Maybe but once upon a time it had entered into life because when a person is in a mess then thinking becomes clouded, it is never very easy to think very rational but now those who are listening to me three three  There can be options in your life that you were ever in a mess in your life or are in a mess now or you will come forward then don't come forward that is one criterion, we will talk about it, this video will benefit you but you just analyze now that whenever in life  Were you in any kind of addiction, were those actions, were they reasoning, like I talk about addiction, why does a cigarette smoker smoke? Ask any cigarette seller, even if you don't smoke, I just smoke like this, no, just feel like it.  It's not like this, it's not like this, I try to leave it, it won't leave like this, there is an emotional vacuum which is filled by smoking cigarettes and it will not go away until something comes to replace it, that is why I tell you to attend the workshops.  What to do Attend webinars Do new learning How you spend your Saturday Sunday is going to be defined in a big way How your life is going to be in the future  This Navratri, if you can see it in the comment section, I am bringing some offers for you guys, discount on my What Ever Workshops and Webinars, which are paid, their price is very low, but beyond that too, you will get good experience.  You will get a discount. If you want to take it, then those things are in the comment section. You can buy them. By downloading the app, you will get the courses. 200 300 500 800 1000  There is a thing up to Rs 2000, there will be nothing above this, you apply your discount code and take it. Why am I saying this because you have to put something to come out of anything, just like there is a pit, if you are stuck in a pit.  You will have to put soil from somewhere to stand like this on the other side. We have heard that story of someone that a donkey was trapped, a fox was trapped, who said that put the soil and then come up, then pour the soil and come up.  Go Mitti So You Will Have To Fill Something Remember This Thing There Has To Be Something That Is Of Some Value So You People Around You Are Able To Fill Something In Your Life Fukrey Dost Wrong Habits Of Alcohol Cigarette Pawn Any Masturbation  This girl-boy affair will lead you into all these things. Wrong habit of impressing girls: If you are a boy, you will have to spend money.  Will take you away because it is a vacuum, coming of a girl, boosting self-esteem, filling the void, taking her around, impressing her with too much money, having a relationship with a girl, having a relationship is never bad but going above your means and impressing unnecessarily just so that she can give you life.  Got something in me, that thing is a color. Living an artificial life is a color. There is a lot of youth in the air. They know that this is theirs, so what is the need to show it when?  Fake it 'til you make it Where did you hear the English from Who taught you wrong Why can't you be very genuine to yourself and come across as a genuine person Other wise you will find if you make these five or six mistakes that I have listed in this if  If You Are Doing This Regularly at the Thought Process Level You Will Always Find Yourself in Some Mess If Not Financial Mess  Then emotional mess is because of emotions, you are not able to understand if anyone is saying something to you, then you are getting distracted. You are a people pleaser. People pleaser will always be in mess. Their job is to keep people happy, others don't know.  Your biggest responsibility in life is to keep yourself happy. The biggest relationship or webinar I did was very good. There is a two and a half hour recording of it. It was a super hit. So definitely take it. Your biggest relationship.  Yours is with yourself, not with anyone else. If you can't live with yourself nicely because all that control of that relationship is in your hands. With others, the other person will also evolve, but with yourself, you are the one who has evolved.  If you are not able to handle even a relationship with yourself then please see more content, it is a little paid, see that also, like the channel, share and subscribe and remember every time when ever. Remember This Thing A Just Surprise It Beautifully Again For You Whenever You're In This Mess Before Trite Come Out Of It The Solution Will Lag In The Chain That Led You To Be In That Mess Why I Came Into This Where Did It Begin Any  It happens that something goes off the track. If something goes off track, it happens from one place and when it goes somewhere far away, it will appear very off track. But when did that happen?  What was that trigger event from where things started getting worse? You will have to think a little, then it could be a friend, a scoundrel relative, a scoundrel friend or a well-meaning scoundrel who came to you and did some inception in you and made you feel like one of these addicts or  The one due to which, in order to be good in your own eyes, in his eyes or in the eyes of the society, you had to do something which actually you were not capable of doing and because of that you were missed.  You can write in the comment section if those who are listening to me can share all their experiences of getting into the mess in 10 to 12 to 14 lines, it will be so good for all the viewers.  People Who Will Read the Comments Because It's a Crowd Source of Wisdom and Information Crowd Sourcing That Yes I Was Like This When This Happened in College Actually, I did not want to take this subject but I had to do it like this or I got like this in my relationship or I got trapped in money like this or I got like this in my health, then please do write about the experiences of all these things in the comment section. Thank you very much.  mech