Hello friends, a question is repeated a lot on different platforms, which I hear, how many stocks you should hold in your portfolio, there are many books on this, there are western literature, there are knowledgeable people and according to all, there are many who, especially Buffett's  If we talk about it, then 10 stocks are enough. Well, many have come up with formulas that yes, there should not be more than 5 but these one stock is according to that.  So 20 is done, 20 is the minimum, here I would like to tell you that I would like to tell it in a slightly different way, I would like to say that first of all, it depends on the portfolio size, if you are starting with Rs 500, one lakh, two lakh, then maybe one  Two or three stocks are enough, now there is no point in buying two stocks for one lakh, that is my opinion, okay, second thing, you should have a calculation in terms of sector. Exposure is also just because you have taken a separate stock and put a limit in it, then it is not that you have entered into that sector like financials, banks, entered into the same or entered into insurance, or entered into FMCG or entered into real estate. If you have a lot of real time exposure to real estate then avoid stocks, this is also a basic thing, so you should practically count the stocks in the 20's as we have counted for one.  Retail Investor But more than that, if you are more than 30 to 40, you cannot practically follow them, nor can you see their quarterly results, nor can you read the annual reports, nor can you know what is happening in that sector, then I would hit a limit of 30 to 35.  A portfolio of 40 will be a decent portfolio. What do people do many times? Instead of keeping it in the watch list, they also buy 10 20 3 Haj so that it can be tracked but too much.  Stocks which are on these tg groups and these on tips people and those who buy lottery tickets just by watching the business channel and many people like I know are sitting with 100, 150, 200 stocks also, it becomes difficult for many people.  Let's give the example of mutual fund, there are normally 50, 60, 70 stocks in mutual funds. They have employees and educated people from 10 to 10.  12 People inside a fund are there to monitor. The fund manager is dedicated. His job is to make his living out of that expense ratio and the fund management fee. What these guys are charging you. So don't compare them. You have  A full time job, you have 60, 70 stocks, according to me, a person cannot follow, yes, he can definitely take advice, I should take this, I should take that, I should take this. Having anything more than lets say 40 45 stocks is like buying lottery tickets less than 20 is like that roll of 5 kicks in so anything I think 30 to 35 stocks should be a decent decent number You simple topics like this If you want to learn about finance in a very simple way, then you can tell us. We will keep bringing more such videos in the coming time in the comment section.  There is a Subscriber Info Webinar Group, you can join it. There are many plans for stock market education in the coming month of June. We had done the first one and got a very good response, so there will be some plans in future as well, so you can join that too.  Thank you very much