Hello friends, if you understand the meaning of addiction, then how to get read from it, many parents remain worried, parents also think that these children are busy in mobile, someone tells, someone read the story, everyone is relieved of addiction.  If someone has addictions to alcohol, someone to cigarettes, someone to something else, then we will discuss a little about that, higher order thinking will definitely be required, the video will not be made immediately after listening, but you have so many centers and everything is open.  Us  This is to be understood. We have to understand this word. What is addiction? Addiction is a negative word. Adwise, if a son presses on his parents and rings the bell, then this one is addicted. Now see what a beautiful thing I understand. Many times.  Sometimes I write my poetry and I feel happy myself, what an example, understand that here also the second layer has moved to the third layer, the second order is the third order, if the son is disrespectful to his parents after drinking alcohol.  If a man talks to his wife and if the man is on his wife and raises both his hands, then the mother will not feel addicted, the mother will feel addicted, the mother will be addicted. Yes, it is okay, hey, you are not troubling her, he does not do this before marriage, Sari.  Even before it was like this, you are a donkey, but now you are understanding mother. First of all, if we do not understand this game of addiction, then how will we deal with any addiction, what is there in addiction, it is not benefiting the human being.  The one who is addicted or the one who is editing him is saying that he is not getting any benefit because you are taking drugs like Udta Punjab type of movies which are distributed and the chitties in it are reduced by this and that one, so how come there are all the songs in it, so he is  It is very easy to say that by doing edit addiction, no one is benefiting from it, it is okay and to fill the vacuum, something will come, like meaning story too, if some vacuum is created and you open it, then air will come and water will come.  Water is gone, it's okay, you are feeling very hungry from inside, so food will come. Do many people do emotional eating? Emotions are not getting fulfilled. Addiction of eating burgers and pizza is gone, obesity is coming, it is comforting.  Children are doing too much, children are not able to drink alcohol and cigarettes, but parents keep fighting, there is no emotional support, parents are divorced or they do not have emotional comfort, many people  If you do this, then first you have to understand that whoever is an addict in your life, whose predicament you want to remove, then why is he doing this? If you want to get rid of the children's phone, then why are the children calling because they have time, first of all children.  He always had time on the button. Whenever the child does something, the parent does not know. Like I, my relatives, acquaintances often say like this, there is a little girl, there is Neha, Neha don't do this, there is a relative who is saying to me, Neha Juju.  The date is in a little fear or there is a child Golu Mol sa Rohit don't do this tone do this so I am orange a little fear I said wait for 1 minute in different settings but you have been saying this for half an hour that don't do this which does don't  Do this, then he searches for this, then why don't you tell him that he himself does n't know what to do? Brother, you are sitting and chatting, even if you are drinking pakodas, people talk like adults about jobs. Entertainment talks about weddings, relationships, movies, whatever, asking about each other's well-being, asking about investment, talking about the big house, real estate, your level is good, good things are going on, that poor child is getting bored, what should he do after seeing the mobile?  I can pass the time by listening to songs, or he will break things, explore, or if you give him a drawing book, he is of some use, he will do something, he is a human child, how can he sit like this, exactly how can he sit like this?  We want everyone to sit like this and then we say, let's get up, go to school, become active, learn from there and then join us, then whoever is addicted to addiction, your children, who are older, are very addicted, they are addicted.  Look, addiction is there with the eyes, what is it, the source of date radiation and science is telling you that it has no benefit, only then it is addiction if you feel that it is getting any benefit, suppose it is the day after tomorrow.  Do they say that a child has been studying for 16 years yesterday, he has written a date, he is addicted, he feels very good in study, he is preparing for it, he will become one, what hard work he is working on, hey Rohit, take milk for you, son, I have coffee, son, I have sandwich.  So bring some gum laddu, son, he works very hard, take some almonds, he is reading, but you know that reading is going to be beneficial, your eyes are tearing, nothing is too much, but  If you know who is going to get some benefit, then you don't call him an addict. Same thing, if someone is recording a video and does not put it on YouTube and keeps saying 'Namaskar friends' the whole day in someone's house, then everyone will declare him a bawdi boost.  I do n't know if you will declare me crazy, friend, making your own videos is a relief, saying something is a relief, but if you post the same thing on YouTube and earn two paisa from there, and you get subscribed and 100 people like you.  Jan G Jain Then it is not an addiction, it is a file of some worth, books are useless for you to read, people study a lot, I have read this book, I have read that book, I did not earn money from it, but that is not an addiction, first define the addiction.  You may be confused by this video, but you have heard it again, what is there to say to understand it, if today you are not seeing any benefit from the thing, then it may be an addiction, maybe the child is watching the mobile, there is some good thing in the mobile.  I am looking at it, it is correct  What is he seeing, once he is watching TikTok, do Instagram, take out the screen from him, take out this, it is raining outside, what will he do, there is so much good information, he may be learning something good from the middle of YouTube from the middle of the video and  That book is the old knowledge of the old book, that story is not applicable in the market, there is no benefit to those who read it in the market, there is no benefit by getting more marks in the class, you are feeling as if it is addicted to mobile, please check.  parents  Please check yourself, what is it which is not providing any benefit, then you are addicted, there is only one simple rule with addiction, if there is any benefit from it, then you can note that you are ready for it, you can note.  Be Addicted To Yoga Nobody Says I'm Addicted To Yoga Because Yoga Has Benefits You Can Nobody Can Be Addicted To Walking Because Walking Has Health Benefits So Wherever Some  Addiction is there, you have to just replace it with something close to it which gives you any benefit from smoking cigarette. Talk to many people about smoking a cigarette and say, brother, what an addiction it is, you get pleasure from it, then you understand that you drink alcohol.  And it is okay to get intoxicated, although I did not drink that too, but you can ask people, is it okay even in tea there is intoxication, okay, there too, I feel like flying Punjab, I am having pain, if this is coming, then there is something or the other.  So  It gets to the brain, the cigarette people told me that they are reducing it, it is not a smoke, it is a little, a little bit, then the story is filled inside, what is filled, they cannot tell because there is no test for it, nor is there any intoxication in it that a lot.  It is not that they are getting too intoxicated, but just that their vacuum is filled from inside, so if we can fill that vacuum with something else good, it is very good, Ayurvedic tea and makhana khaki is fine or by eating something with figs.  or take a few grams  If it is winter time then Sukh PK and he used to come regularly, we can make it, so we can have Chhath, we will have to replace, what do people do, they try to leave it in isolation and then like this, I am relieved, their Hey you bill, have you replaced.  Whenever there is a craving for cigarette, one will have to do some activity at the time, one has to drink japa, one has to drink gram water, one has to leave the gap, one has to put something else in the mouth, something which does not cause that much harm, in which there are some tests, in which there is benefit to the body, then there is addiction.  To you have you replaced with something which is beneficial and which is not addicted listening tu sambadi if I talk very good things my button gives you relief if you watch a lot of my videos then you not addicted to me aaj long aaj i am adding  Some value in your life, if the conversation is at this level then brother, then you are not learning anything, then it is not an addiction, your relationship does not improve, your body does not improve.  Only the image does not improve, dopamine is felt in the mind every time, it has to keep increasing, first you saw so much, you got something from it, then next time you did not enjoy it anymore, now you need something else, the same alcohol and intoxication because their problem is called addiction.  Every time it will increase by two, so happiness has to be taken in those things, gym is sustainability and fun can be enjoyed only later. Now, in my button, the button gets happiness, there is happiness in the button, plus there is improvement in it, so if only on a daily basis. Also watch the video, people should give even 5 to 10 minutes of their life to the dog. You can give five hours of your month to the dog while walking which anyway was your time, waiting at the airport, going in the bus, waiting in the car.  If you are walking in someone's park, you have multi-tasked in it and you have also taken some knowledge and you have benefited from it, then it is not an addiction, so first of all understand the difference, what is the thing, it is not beneficial.  someone has an addiction  Adwise, just like the example given, the daughter-in-law also has the power of addiction, I am not benefiting your daughter-in-law, a boy lying at the feet of his parents is a relief and suppresses her, and if he does not give time to the daughter-in-law, then the daughter-in-law will suffer if she does not benefit from it.  It is true that the parents are never going to say this, the society is not going to say this, it is a good thing, and sometimes what happens is that the husband maintains a very good relationship with his wife, travels around, is newly married.  Parents say that you are a slave to your wife, you don't know how to speak English, you are so addicted to this wife, they say that you are a slave to your wife, so basically, in a way, addiction is there in the slave as well, because there is a slavery in addiction as well. All the cigarette people are slaves of cigarettes, filter the cigarettes from them and they will run away, whereas there are so many Gandhi photographs written on the cigarettes and everything else is written on them, this will be the condition of you even then, he is the father, the one who smokes is never the last one to drink. No  Other people who drink say that the photo was taken for this, it was taken for us, okay, so whenever you have to get rid of addiction in life, you will have to replace it with very valuable things, if not just one, then you will have to add something to eat, something to listen to.  You will have to put in the good things to watch too, you will have to put in the good ones, only then you will gradually get free and from that you should benefit from those things like Some people are genuinely addicted, you will say satsang, what can be done in satsang is great in satsang.  Many a times, there is no benefit. There is a lady who attends 2 hour satsang from 6 to 8 and her actual reason is that she should keep the daughter-in-law cooking so that she does not have to cook or she complains that I have come and see this fate.  And if I have to cook it and the husband waits for it, then the daughter-in-law is no less, who has taken the daughter's name and my wife has gone to the satsang, she will come only at 8:00 o'clock, only then will I get my bread, then its news value, if the man who has this feeling.  If she is a woman going to a satsang, then she is addicted. There is no benefit to her from just one satsang. If you understand in life, then many people are also addicted in this way. When someone is not getting any benefit, even a simple attack can be an addiction. This is the power.  It is quite late and there is a lot more to learn in it, I will try to teach it, it is okay for the members, you can take membership in the form of different workshops, you can like the channel and share because these are the  Higher order abstract things: Understanding abstract things takes a little effort in life, but when you understand them, then yours is actually yours. I can remove the addiction. There will be many such things for your children and it is you who must be identified. Why today?  What is there and what to replace it with and what is the benefit after replacing, there should be a record table like if this video is being made then there should be visibility in it that how many people will like it, please like me.  If I am speaking then like it and you will know how many comments there are, you will know how many views there are, if you come to know then you will know everything, you will know how much is the view duration, then when you go into tangible things, you will be told, 'Mere Ko, Are you'? Addicted date you make you video every give you go three channel you do so match this are you are addicted you it if I make me video and pat and on me laptop only there pade r Jain and his never ever kuch ho na to that It is not an addiction, it is okay to come and talk to yourself every day, but if it has any purpose, it is adding value to the life of the person doing it, then giving it to someone else's life is a good thing, then they say how hardworking they are.  No one says I am addicted to hard work No one says definition of addiction Will you like it Tell me how did you like it Thank you