Hello friends, today there is a video to give clarity to the war about investment portfolio management and money related things in life. It is okay about this, there are many social media influencers on YouTube because I feel that they are going wrong because they Practically no hai my channel and my and my USB today old by you dear subscribe just one through comment section this date wherever I say you find it working in real life and  Your identify weather is fine so under that I am going to tell you the hard truth about portfolio investment and everything. You cannot put anything on auto pilot so it will be told to you like this [Music] Change First of all a basic  The thing is, you have a portfolio, I am tired, tell me, you have to put it, okay, there is no one who can come and tell me, this is what I collect, this is good and this will be good, you yourself must have felt this because my  The audience, I know which other channel also watches it, goes to YouTube. Well, these days, you must have noticed that even those people whom you have been following for many days, they too have started appearing as listed.  If we buy real estate, then brother, first of all, I am talking about one thing, why don't you tell me first that I always consider us to be the same dialogue, I am from Haryana, you will ask me, will you eat Gulab Jamun, brother, or will you eat Kheer?  So I will ask only one question, in your house the bowl will say investment, the second thing is one more thing, it is always told that the one who takes risk earns more money, it is absolutely wrong in life, if you cross the road with your eyes closed and bandaged, then there is maximum risk.  If it is there then will it become Zen then that thing is very important, there is a request of mine, you will get a playlist of mine with green thumbnail, you will get the playlist with mental model, I will also add English subtitles in it, ok please see that, decision. You will see very good in making. In 18-19 videos, I am talking about these things, decision making hochenge and secondly in red type, you will get the stock market type in that too, 11-12 basic videos, basic, why am I telling some reasons in them because now  It is our time to rise from the right side of mutual funds because if you look at this, a lot of money is being lost in mutual funds, there is no clarity, little is shown about the expensive, where is the rest.  I am asking a simple question. So many people have been investing in mutual funds for so many years. By holding the shares of the company in the mutual fund, they get their dividends. For example, if you buy shares directly, there is a dividend in your demat. What is done with the dividend there?  Do you have any idea, if you have bought shares worth Rs 10,000 crore, in those cities the company gives some dividends, where is the clarity, on what things, the fees of the Clarity Fund Manager.  It is Rs. 45 crores. The same fund manager is the manager of 12 funds and the same team under him is 15 boys and girls, they do research, they do a little bit here and there, they do it here and there, and those who have grown up get ₹ 10,000.  Those who have become rich in crores, they cannot even sell because if they sell some stocks, their rates will fall, then they open a new one, then they open a new one, then they open a new one, 4 thousand meters of shares are moving in the equity, so much in the total stock market. Investment and the given 500 are not the same 500 400 shares, mutual funds sitting with shares of 80 to 100 in different combos, it is high time D Investor has started doing now, I am running on auto, see your returns today, that index.  The fund is also getting the same returns, Nifty has higher returns, I will check myself, you bought a house on auto, you paid rent on auto.  Rent A will go, this doesn't happen, this is foolishness, passive investment, passive company, no, these books are beaten, videos are played, two are expected, it becomes less, everything becomes inside it, oh less in money, don't reduce me. There is no such thing that we will have to do, the only thing is that we will have to reduce it a little, it can be like paying rent to the tenant, taking rent from the tenant, paying the electricity bill, paying the society bill, managing it, if it becomes vacant then re-boarding it, painting it, hiring a plumber.  Shoes Electricity This is what I want to tell you that it is not going to be so easy because of what the investment people have done, we are great, we will tell you, you do your job, you give your money, please give us your blood and soul, suck it on the job and get your promotion.  Love your wife or not, love me, go watch the movie, be happy that we will do everything well and then come, let me tell you, the result was not good, don't keep coming, brother, one for me. Need lunch at breakfast time and that food is being prepared and long term long term, you have dinner and then do it the next day, it does not happen like this, when every person wants something, the market is on 30%, I told you, what should you do with your daughter. She is married, something happened in the time market, that too has gone, this has gone, the market has gone down, there has been an argument, Ukraine crisis has happened, every time the market falls due to a fraud, your returns are due to that fraud which has been going on for the last 10 years.  The meaning of falling does not matter to anyone, then something came to light and then some report of hidden came, he has great respect for me, he also says that I am shorting and this is how it is in the company. And we also get into it that national talk is happening, people have told me a lot, I have left it, okay, what to do now, which side should you bat from, right from both the sides, meaning lies are not told and I do n't feel good in saying other things. Sometimes this can happen because I have avoided it.  It is not necessary to have done but here I am telling you openly that you cannot sit like this, it is good, many systems like this have been running for many years but this is how it works in real life, you have to be alive, you have to know for example if.  I want to give an example of you are in real estate. You don't have to invest in real estate. Right now, you don't even want to know real estate. You become famous because you don't have to because you are in mutual funds.  You are doing 10-20 lakhs also you are giving that let's do down payment now you start going you do n't know what is this value for money thing you don't know what is good you don't know what is my one construction  You don't know what kind of systems are there, what travels society, what is the density, what is the immunity in the project, how is it measured, so now you will go to learn this, you call it plot.  Your decision making will not be opted towards this I am teaching real estate channel also one of my request I will subscribe you will get a real estate info group in top comment in comment section if your investment is in Gurgaon and North India if your investment is from Ahmedabad Pune  Up Up Pune Its Top Pune Ahmedabad And Up So You Can Join Date Group And If You Want To Do Ok Nobody Stiching Because  There is constant learning, you cannot think that if I have done this, then it will just work like this and you have to know exactly what is happening in the market, date, it is very very important, keep knowledge about every asset class, every asset class is this important reshoj.  Will Change: In the beginning, when a young investor takes up real estate, 99% of the portfolio will be of the state. Don't get into this percentage of business. Which again is financial.  Influence See Tilt This Only For Action Nice This Is Only Of 2013 There Total Money 1.5 Crore 50 Lakh Same Shares Of Five Lakhs Cash Of Van Lakh And Audition No No You Are 75% In Equity It Is Too High You Should Have Bhaiya Paise 20  Lakh hai so whenever tha portfolio less give 2 3 4 crore please don't talk now don't tell this because you are classist to us  The poor is saying, will we gain knowledge only after earning Rs 10 crores? No, gain knowledge even in Rs 15 lakhs, but gain knowledge that this knowledge is applicable only when it will be filled with 5 houses. Do this, it is ok, gain complete knowledge.  God bless you quickly reach 5 Crore 10 Crore, okay then it is necessary to reach 5-10 Crore, quickly you have to take it in dollars from U Can, off network, okay and apart from the house in which you live, because they account for their house also. where are you  Do you live in a house, it does n't pay less or you do n't want to pay the rent, so now I will teach you all these things. Okay, so please you can join below but d hard tule samrises date there is nothing or not you of mine.  You have to see the money, I am not able to watch it every day, watch the daily talks, how much was invested today, how much was invested the day before yesterday, that too is of no use, many people do that every day, they need ideas, stock ID is good and  Tell me more money, how much money, 5 lakh ideas, how much do you need, 50 stocks, isn't it a lot, 1 crore good ones, I will tell you something, so stay connected, tell me how did you like the video, thank you.