Hello friends, today's topic is, many people are on social media, I am also on social media, I also have a little audience with the kindness of you people, why less is more, most of the time is stuck, the topic is ho, you deal with hitter is fine. How do you have to deal with the weights? Some people in your life will come physical, some will go for something else, so you have to see this that you are sitting in a setting, you are sitting in the drawing room, you have a very nice curtain, it is very nice, soft, very good juice.  The music is also very good, everything is good in life, friends are also sitting well and conversations are also going well, suddenly a mosquito comes and humming, so what do you do, if you look at everything, mosquitoes are attracted.  Will someone say, ignore it, it can't be like this, then whenever you kill him, you kill him, then this should not happen, I am not going to do this, you have to go and actually kill the heater tool, you have to treat him like a mosquito, get out immediately.  Friend, don't give too much explanation, many will come in life to trouble you for doing like this. I think you want to date him, the world is fine, you understand what it is like to date what cash will change your reality, now when you are the one, you find yourself explaining yourself.  Must tu me people ron di you be very very of debt because you are happiness will go people will hit because you know people fine time tu hate  Somebody Like I'll Tell You Makes Videos With Examples And Just Understand It Has Nothing Less So Now When I Read This How Does My Thought Process Come I Did n't Answer But My Thought Process Is This That's why my friend, I don't have anything less to make a punch video than you, so I want to make a punch video, but I made one, you don't have anything less, you will watch that punch video and then come and laugh and then  After all you will write and if you don't have less then understand that I am absolutely beautiful but I am making a punch video but how are you? Think about what you have, if the heater you have is not actually there, then go over it again. What is the need, I mean, even if a man is not making good tea, then what is the need to drink his tea again and again, make your own, drink someone else's, do something else, this trailer is not comfortable with them themselves and dose is required from you.  crazy  Take it by getting an avo response from you because your life is miserable so when this poke poke is an I think descent you are okay with it then by poking you it elicits a reaction from you so that your stagnation gets shaken and your peace  If one goes off mind, if there is irritation on the face, then their day is made. If one has to destroy them, then there is only one way, just ignore them. They cannot take this thing, otherwise it is so much. Bhatt would write something like this, I am lucky that I don't get to see so much, but just ignoring it doesn't matter because it is our normal habit that 99 people will do something good, otherwise the focus will go there, this is the fact, man, this is my jacket, this is absolutely true. It is clean and neat. If there is a stain on it then it is 99.9% clean. But if it is a stain then the attention will go only here. This is the human mind. So brother, we will have to remove this stain from life or change this jacket.  If you need to do something or need to do something then address that thing. You can ignore whatever is coming from outside in your life. When you reach a stage where you ignore it on social media but in real life. Sometimes you don't know, he comes, I come from a serious place, so you have to give back, you are him and everyone else 's brother, it doesn't feel good to meet you, many people will come, hey, you have become a big man, now only Han will listen to us.  Tell them, 'Haan, I have found a big man, I will not listen to you. Now you guys, she will not be short-tempered. What is her way of talking? If you have not picked up someone's call, if you have not been able to pick up, then what is the way of talking to her directly?  I can't even speak, I was busy, I called you, I didn't pick up, you still have time, he needs something from you, understand, people here couldn't understand the difference between selfish and selfish, let me tell you, you will enjoy listening to selfish.  Many times people say that a person was less than you, you did not do less for him or if you were able to do so then he will call you selfish without releasing that he had to do less for his self which you did not do because you had a prayer engagement or  You can't do that if you were not in the mood or you were not feeling well or something else then he is calling you selfish that I came to you, you did not do less for me but you did less than me, you worked hard for your life.  He has reached this position, he does his own work, he does it in any way he can and he doesn't need you, you need him and he does n't come to you, now if he calls you selfish then how selfish you are, brother, don't go like this.  If you ca n't become like this, then spend your money, you don't understand one thing about this, I will make a different video for you, it will be long for you, okay, what do people do in that while sitting with influential people, but you have understood this.  of  Trollers, hitters and people, look, it is a simple thing to remember in life, even after 20 years you will find a man, you will not remember what he did wrong with you, what he did right, but your body will remember what made you full, your soul will.  Remember, he made you full. If he has made you feel good, then you will meet him with love. If he has not made you feel good, then you will avoid him. Listen to your body, listen to your gait, just listen to your instincts, do not remember me.  It must be that exactly how was that rude person, a man forgets the exact details, but you definitely remember that friend, this man made me feel good, so if not me, then remember the one who does not make you feel good, whoever it may be, you.  He has to be treated like a corn and a mosquito, there is no way to see him, you can understand by seeing him live, this thing should not be right, he will come back to you again and again to do something, I was just kidding, leave it.  give this  I am teaching everything at a deeper level on the Happiness Course. If you want to join the Happiness Course, please connect on WhatsApp. And please be a part of the course. How did you like the video? These are very subtle, small things in life. But they are very important, like the definition of selfishness that I told you today, write it down in a small copy somewhere and apply it and try it next time to anyone in your circle.  You call you selfish, please give a reply back, why do you need this thing, you do n't want it, I don't want it, identify you, it falls short, I can't, I'm not in the mood, I don't have anything else, so remember this thing, thank you.