Hello friends, this video is very important for all the youngsters. This type of video is not being made by any team on YouTube. This is about what is your WhatsApp dpls and the same is very important if you are studying and looking for a job.  Are you working, are studying for interview, are studying for promotion or are you in any profession, want to go, are interacting with someone, this is applicable for all 18 years.  35 to 40 old is applicable for everyone and more than that if your age is ahead then it is applicable for your children please forward it forward consumption of everybody because nobody is going to tell you and same nobody tells you will come you know through this video end  It is important I sit on panel of lot of company for interview and we go through these things so you all  Let me tell you, whatever job is worth 40 50 60 70 thousand and is not a specialist job, this is a tool for that, whenever you will get a message from Achar's side, it will come from anywhere, there will be an exchange on WhatsApp asking to go there for the interview, send your message.  And something like this, a printout of your DP is taken and kept, what is written in English on it, how are you visible in the DP, the higher jobs, your Twitter profile, Facebook, social media presence, Instagram, all that is also seen.  Which is in the open media space, there is no such Jagga Jasoosi, what you are only showing is okay, no one is going by hacking privately, it is just for you are showing and at the same time, it is important just listen, no, it is okay because many people will say  That's my private think, I can do anything, I can put anything, I can give a job, I will see whom I marry, I will see and do it in weddings also.  It is important and it is also important for dating. This video is very very important and you can also become a very good part of it. If you people understand it and good comments come, it is okay. So what kind of maturity comes from. Statement D Punch Line People have a habit of writing anything It tells your mind state is its sad state It is in happy state Are you ambitious are you goal less  What is your orientation What is your ideology Which kind of Twitter democracy You have all the right to do Whatever you wish with the habit of constitution Which company where you want to do Any job potential All remember since you are being hired You do Un job by d company your juice has to come out basically so that juice should not be shown as taken out sad dp rondo mal dp  Ghosts belong to youngsters, someone's heart is broken, you know the world, whatever is going on in your life privately, let it keep going, what will be the best DP, you have to go boat it war, what are the mistakes 10 Mistakes Which See Exactly Doing DP Date Will Be My Second Video I was telling this introductory because should technician people know this date? Whom do you follow in Things and Monitor? What kind of friends do you have on Facebook? Which photos are you sharing? How many drinks are you drinking? When if you don't know, you would have seen your mother doing it. Don't check after eating all of them. Rice you eat it and nine you oil it is raw and you can know after eating it, so this is a big indicator, that is your profile, job, those promises in the interview, those are also follow ups, but the biggest one is  The thing is that how is the initial impression, an impression is being formed before seeing it for the first time and in the actual meeting, that impression is just being confirmed. You understand what I mean, so if you want to achieve and you are doing it.  If You Actually Do Something So Yes You Will Have To Go To The Middle Path You Hold Privately Other Opinions About Politics Religion Class System Country  Government so me things you have it's a free country ok but display dem at the time when you have you go through this election it's individual choice country because lord plot only people will say this useless thing we will do as we do nobody  This refused free country is democracy, Vijendra Gammat, you can do whatever you see while living safely in the legal system. Then when suddenly we are not going anywhere in life, we are not reaching anything, we are not able to understand anything, then this question should be known, what should I do, this is just because of us but you know I will be giving clarity on lot of.  Things But One Thing Which You Noise There Is An Input There Is An Output As Per Sanatana Dharma Vedanta Whatever Has Been Taught And Returned And Verbally Taught Only Situations of Actions and Consequences Are Not Acceptable to Me Real World So This Way This Channel Will Get Lots of Clarity Know What is Happening and How Things Are Happening So When You See Your Social Media Profile Okay so what a  The image of a frivolous person is being changed. The image of a serious person is being changed. Because nobody wants any trouble at the work place, directly on indirectly, everybody wants this, reduce it, take the money, do your hard work and if you get accepted then  You are selected in it and depending on your level of job because there are a lot of you are already in this job for 10 years and nine you want to go and you are in a higher job, then in the more senior positions, it is more open.  If the youngster is checked properly then the stage will be settled in WhatsApp DP itself. He is 24 years old, Jagga will not be a spy, but if someone is in a senior position then his  So Twitter also his face book his Instagram his whatsapp id and watever respect un space linkedin linkedin me show something very great that's what I am country gives LinkedIn is not the only thing where d everybody three you put un great face that second  The thing which is easily available is also seen because here everyone is great i.e. intelligent, they will make suits and boots, it is okay, then other things are also seen and an idea is formed from it. Do you want date video very nice doing coming at family level also women parents are also doing a very wrong thing in DP every second DP I full is uncan be ok and I will I can become gather I will tell not only D 10 Mistakes  I will tell you what your mistakes are and exactly what you should do to get a good DP and good image of yours. Date Also I Will I Will Tell And Please Write Me In The Comment Section 10 Mistakes 10 Mistakes If You Write Team Also Write In The Comment Section I Will Understand I Will Understand And Get D Hits You Gas Want To See D Coast 10 Mistakes Video I  I will tell you very well, you guys watch it carefully and then share it. If you guys have not subscribed to the channel till now then you all.  Request subscribe the channel These are very early days in this channel and I do require your support and you will find videos on various topics which are all practical you will find videos regarding investment regarding increasing your income you will find videos  Regarding you select any job which kind of job is different from this government job. Private Naukri Ho Um Job Market Is Mostly Defined By Marriage Market Also You Will Find Certain Videos On Relationship Also Because Relationship Also Defined Are Quality Of Life So Whatever Videos You Will Be Sing In D And Near Feature Will Be Having Van Underline Current Of Practical If  Whatever I Tell Can Not Be Improved and the Next One or Two Then It Is No Point Telling Abstract  There is never any benefit in giving knowledge and all that please do you like please do share thank you