Hello friends, I want to give a very good clarity and stay connected with some of my video titles and it can be said that it is a little contrary but practical, people are loving the content, they are identifying it, today's topic will be ho you can one  How can you achieve big success in life by doing big videos? By doing big videos, now here I am talking about success: Mark Zuckerber, your Elon Musk is beautiful behind and all this, don't talk about their level.  As for your own camp, friends circle of relatives, love, parents, talking at their level, people are very much after excellence because excellence is promoted and if I tell you this then people will think, oh what is this, then I will tell you.  I am trying to tell you that the meaning of doing this video is that you should understand that if there are a hundred things in life then if you are below 60 then you have become a very blue average and if you are above 90 then you are  We are going towards excellence and people want to go towards 100, so I am telling you that you have to be closer to 75. If the level of video tax is put then the talk of 75 will not give you glory. Because excellence gives glory but 75 if you are among the 7 8 things in life which lead to a fulfilling life and happy life and which one shoots in your life then give you the wing big you are waiting for people happened  Working at 100 and 95, I will explain this a little. In your life, you have education, job, marriage, children, relationship, bus, investment, money, your own health, you have your own desires, now call that aspiration in English and by adding your own values, I will tell you.  There are eight to ten things which are called hobby joining and if you go towards this 7580 in everything, then your life will become very prosperous.  People will be feeling that most of the people who are going above 90 in their career, their merit is travelling, family life is travelling, then if you are going towards divorce, then divorce is when I do n't always like to say divorce, I like divorce because. Divorce is equivalent to doing it, it has been studied extensively, it has health effects and if you have got the feeling of doing it, then if you do such situations in life and here  If you have climbed to the highest peak then it means nothing. I am not talking about anything extreme here. Here I am not talking about Virat Kohli and your Shahrukh Khan and those people whom I mentioned earlier because what is the point of a youngster in debating.  They will enter and go there. If it is not so, then who knows whether APJ Kalam would have been able to become there, brother. This channel is not for them, it is not for them, it is for those who are the reality, Musaddilal is the middle class of ours, who lives like the world's.  doing  Today I am telling you about her, she was a family mother, like a common mother, RK Laxman, who is a famous cartoonist, okay, I want to create a family mother image like her, I want to show that she is not a loser, that is how this country is run.  You will find different experts, scientists who have awakened consciousness, discretion, intelligence, rockets, ministers of this and that, you will get different rods and you will also find different people from above, you know how that is fine, that is all but  This is the society where the average man is running with his family mother, for whom there is a head system, because if the net of the same family is not the same, then how can he move forward, he should reduce his mental health, keep moral low and do not burn the story of himself.  This very very important thing, many people hold on to one thing and burn it. Some boys, at the age of 22, 23, 24, become crazy about the girl and give 100% in the relationship.  I have made it to zero. Hey brother, 75 80% is two. In 75 80%, mother is giving me respect. If it is fine, then brother is fine. Don't be above her. It is not directly related to us. If you want to take care of your health, then just give your body 8 hours.  You are spending 4 hours in the gym, you are walking for 2 hours, you are doing something and on the contrary, you are taking supplements and they are taking protein, you are drinking sheikh, do this tent, health is this.  Very important, don't give 100, health should also remain till 80. Which car will run for 4 hours of maintenance and maintenance will be for 6 hours? Do n't give even that much time to health because if you give so much time here, then it will go to other places too.  You should know that time and energy in your life is limited and it is necessary to give everywhere and if you are not giving everywhere then what will happen is that people will suck you. I am on life balance which is a concept.  I will make an excellent video on the concept of fraud which is taught. If you want a video on people's lives, then write 'Like' in between because I remember the same content and I have it, so I will make it, but I will talk about it now.  I will do it, it will cause confusion, okay, don't think of it as life balance, what I am telling you is something different, it is deliberate which you can do but you are rocking yourself till 80 only, you can do it. 1995 Yes you can but you are not going because you have to do that every day in the job, today you have done very well in the quarter then what will happen in the next quarter because the cotton quarter performance will be good, the year has been good, the pressure is on, the agreement felt good then  That has become your base, next year you will have to give more blood, only then you will get freedom, no more blood is given because everything has a limit, make 100 in one match, make 150, then if you do not make it in the next one, you will be out.  Don't do it, those who are bun out then they sit on their eyes, now investment is in investment, 24 hour lion market moneycontrol scanner skinner.in Veriku ji's excel Akshay beginning all the videos of sir ji and that sher and ro sher ro sher  Arabi, how much money are you sitting with, how many buttons are you going to press every day? Have you bought it? Now it is flooding, have you shipped it? What will happen after seeing it again and again? You will see your weight every day, so much less on Wings game.  Weight will be lost either by exercising or by eating less, so we have to pay attention to it, but do not go above that 75 80 75 80 because the one who is addicted to investment is the one who is addicted to exercise.  You are doing exercise, which has been flattered by the bus because story or story, you get a comfort level in doing something, story gives you comfort level.  You have to rock yourself, you don't let your body and soul die beyond 80. You have to see that if it is something good happening then it is happening at someone's cost, which I am not releasing today. Hey, achieve that position.  What will you do if not only your wife doesn't give any time, you do n't even give time to your children, and the same person who was getting so much success and was getting so much fruit from it, is not his own, but now you are taking him for this success.  You will get dry fruits, hey brother  Not only this, what are the many other things that happen in life? Times are specific. It must have been done on time, otherwise it has no meaning further. Later, it has no meaning. We do not live life in such a way that it will happen.  This will happen, I will reach there, I will become like this, I will do that, by then those people would have become left and right on their own, so you have to live very consciously, first of all, yourself because the journey is yours, your part is here, life is a marathon, it is a sprint.  I am not going to do this, this is a constant and you should also see the story, in any field of life, be it your career, be it your relationship, be it investment, be it any other wish of yours, you are good today, recent performance, you have just fought with your wife.  If I am talking to my husband in a gender neutral manner or if my wife talks to her husband in a gender neutral manner, then if he is not going to remember what good he did 5 years ago or what he did good 3 years ago, then your future means your health is fine.  What have you done recently? You used to go to the gym in general, but in the last 10 days you did not take care of your health, did not walk or take any rest, did not get enough sleep or did not eat properly and those 10  Just spend one minute of the day and he will thank you. What were you doing? Never cross date, 80% line and make it date. Red flag and red line on that meaning, go like that talk-nine like.  If you ever fly that plane, then the stall warning light is a caste, if it is not there then it tells you that it is okay on the approach. The planes you fly sometimes will know it, okay, that warning should come late, any of your systems are getting damaged, complete flash like this.  What should I do, what happened, how did I reduce so much fear, the bus did not even give me the last Saturday Sunday, this Saturday Sunday, tell me, I am insured, I am Monday Tuesday, you are packed right there, that is, the settings which are there.  So, do not walk on the one with full total, no ship, no vehicle, nor any human being, sometimes you definitely have to step on it, but to get it out of the situation to save your life, when you have to do Mr. Approach procedure or  If a plane has to be taken up some height, then you have to apply force to take it up, but that is not the full time, it can fly in the setting, no ship can fly without any power to move a car, no horse can run, and no donkey can ride.  If possible, rely on settings Do it and what is this 80 of yours? It is up to you to judge from your hits and trials that what is your 100 which is the breakdown level of relief. At 90 the fuse of the brain starts blowing and it hurts. At 85 you are the world. You are comfortable in a team.  If it is 75 then it will make you discover yourself. Every man will be very careful about defending on what is his capacity. What are the thresholds in many things? Take the mother from home, you have to bring vegetables. Market smuggler I don't like to start here U bill hits thresholdly it is possible 95 is taking I want to stay at 75 Discuss this video with your wife and with your wife identify your 75 John they call the ship manual envelope  If the speed is less than that then it will stall. Cannot fly above this height. Above this load e.g.  Not every one has a manual envelope which has a moving power inside it and if you cross it then that thing will fail. Any system has a threshold so identify and be added once you can 75 80  75 80 7580 Bill One Big Your Money Bill Be Good You're Relationship Your Mood Bill Be Good Your Health Bill Be Good You Would Be Living N Fool Feeling Life will have to be worked on  This video may sound a little abstract because yours has been brought from Khan, which 80 is 80, which is 100, so my channel is higher order thinkers on this, only then 10 lakh subscribers, 20 lakh are not 4 crores like Kariman, crores of people cannot understand.  It's not my channel, I want to understand, I want as many of you intelligent people as possible to understand who are not able to understand the whole thing. Share the video with your family and share it with them and with your closest friends.  Together, open a diary of yours, open your book and see within every aspect of yourself what things you are operating. Your mother will keep you at Rs. 9500. Your parent's mother will give you Rs. 9500.  Keep your wife or husband on 9500 salary, your children will also keep it and father, this is not my fare, if you don't do this then everyone's demand programs will be there in your life, your friends will be there, your colleagues will be there.  The story will also become public after getting it out, someone's Everybody's Bill Expects a complete off list, whatever they say is telling you everything and you will have to give it, you will have to give it for yourself also, you will also have a demand of your own, which is your own brain.  He would also be telling you that son, you should operate at 100 all the time, relax yourself, think about yourself in your own way, own your body, own your clothes, own this and that, including every person and you don't have to go there even with them.  You do n't have to give 100 to yourself, you have to give 75 to yourself, you have to give 75 to everyone, because seeing 75 can be given to everyone and you can keep steel energy and Rijiju's brain juice, if you give more to two-four, then your  Have energy and brain, I tell him why I say the word from inside, who is going to sleep from here, to further reduce the other aspects too, we are the children, the story is not reaching you, you are running for the job, who will ask you?  After the age of 50, when relatives and acquaintances meet friends, they do not ask what are you doing or how are you. He asks what are the children doing, when did he move away, then suddenly after the age of 50, he does not want to see the children.  You will be like oh my God, this story is not going on, nothing is happening, what to do about it, what is happening now, nothing and my job then he goes like mid crisis because he has you, give me more, give me white more.  you can you that  A situation goes to the past, then you can't handle life. If you look outside, you only see people shouting, your wife, your demands, your program, your parents, your date. If you want a video on this typical middle life crisis, mid life crisis.  That too will be made for you people, but please share this video, like and subscribe, this is a thing, but I hope my audience understands what is the basic feeling, Aage Long Aage You Can  Be a little laser, listen constantly, give what you are capable of, give it many times, always perform inside, it cannot be forced because they are very leaders and are going to give you penalty, but give it after a period of time when you  The practice will become normal for the people around you, your wife will know that your friend will do only this much, the bus will also get the idea that yes, he does this much consistently.  It won't go above this, even the parents have got the idea, yes friend, we will get it twice or thrice a month, tomorrow we will do this much, it is not like this, it is not even here, it is okay, every think, Bill starts falling in place, life Bill becomes less.  Peaceful You Bill Wickham Happy and You Bill Wickham Rich are the two purposes of the channel to make you happy and rich so this video was aimed towards that I hope you guys will like it Share it Thank you very much