Hello friends, how to solve question paper of life is a very interesting topic, a little higher order thinking is going to happen and you will get to learn something, it may seem a little abstract but stay connected with what the poet wants to say. We have given many exams in childhood. You must have been given this in schools, there used to be some copying also, do you know what is Ya Tu Ka Tu Ka, Tu Ka is False, True, many people must have done it, if not Kari, then you must have done it or not.  If you had not got it done, you might have seen it happening. There are only three categories, so in everybody's consultation life, everyone has got a different question paper. It is not the same. My question of fourth is different, its true and false. If you have asked, yours is different, my false.  Mine is false, yours is true, it may be so and it may also be so that where the question is the same, the answer may be different, I am going to tell you this in a very beautiful way, people question me. Asking the same question, the answers may be different for two people. This is what I want to tell you. So stop trying to copy each other's paper. Stop trying to do that. This is what cheating is all about. This is what is not comparison. So, I am giving you my consultation.  I want to tell you an example, just like we do about a person's horoscope etc., although I will not elaborate on it, but I am telling it as an example, it is fine for him.  Sango is a simple astrology channel, if you have not subscribed to my channel and you enjoy learning everything, then go and subscribe, but I am just here from what I am trying to do. There is a communication through which a person came and was told that my friend is yours.  There will be little in marital life, you need to work and marital life is not there, so now this guy says, Hey Sir, leave it Guruji, I will handle the marriage problems, I am fine as it is.  If you have a job, tell me how will it be? Promotion in the job, job, talk about the job, this was one person, same work, another man was sitting with me, some other day he came, she will tell him the same thing because it was something like this that your marriage will remain but your job will remain.  Will he be good in a job? If he is good at a job, then what is the use of a bad job? Yes, Guruji, he is better off coming to the house, if marriage is not right, then what is the taste in life? If this man is not told that marriage is right, then he is not good for the job.  Behind him he is saying, check me and tell me about his job. It is being told that it is fine, I will fix it in your profession, but if you want to fix it in marriage, then now is marriage more important in life or is job more important? You tell me, your answer will be again.  Depend on what you give prominence to ts Why I am saying that everyone has come with their own question paper, now no one comes and speaks, marriage is everything Everyone should leave everything, this should be done or family life is everything, no one should say no, work is everything, so this is what I try to say and tell you people with a simple example that in life  All the question papers are carried separately, you can also see it like this, I will tell you under the second example, like you are driving a car, you are driving on the highway, which car are you driving, your Alto is the Bugle.  A big Land Rover passed you fast. When that Land Rover passed fast, do you look like this? Oh Land Rover passed me, it left me behind. I will make you leave it behind. If you feel like it or if any of your children say so.  Or your wife or girlfriend says or you get some such feeling, you will realize that this is my Alto, this is a car of around 800 cc, I do n't know, this is 3000 cc, it is so big, it is like this, my car is open here.  Even if I press the accelerator completely, there is no safety, I have one star, two, how many star ratings, then you don't get into trouble because you realize what you are, but over a period of time, you realize that this is not fun.  Coming to this, after working hard, you graduate to Desire, I am telling you the example of the car, then gradually you move to Creta, if life supports you, you can also reach here.  Then at any given point of time you are aware what car you are driving and what is its capacity. We have to think about our soul and body in our life and think about the capabilities. Here too, someone is walking on foot, in life someone is going on a scooter, someone is going on a motorcycle, you have a car, you are between summers, so this is your life, you cannot be sad about these things that  How will he get it in the car? Why am I not getting it? When will I get it? I never get it. My luck is bad. This is how you can't approach everyone like that. Then again the talk will go on to astrology and horoscope. Every buddy has a little. Bit destiny also, not everything is free will, you have your own scope. By working hard, even the child of the poorest of the poor can become the child of a tea seller. You know what else can be made, that is the potential, but what about all the tea sellers?  Whether you will become a child or not is also a probability, so it is very important to realize that the genuine game of life runs according to probability only and be alive to the situation. Yes you can be extremely positive but we cannot do that.  Last time, if a tea seller had become a child, then a bud seller can also become one. Yes, there is democracy in the country, there is freedom for all, anyone can become something, but just because of one, one has become one.  So you also belong to the same category and it will become yours too. It is not necessary that this is the message. How did you like the video? Please tell me, share it. There are some things about my courses which I would like to tell you - Happiness Course One and Happiness Course Two, you can take them in the comment section.  You will get it through the link or you can also take membership of the channel. I am getting a lot of clarity. People are getting very good feedback, so now I have started speaking a little, first that.  It was going on like Ayushmann Khurrana's movie, no one was making it famous but now I am slowly telling about it because it is very important to have clarity in these things of life and so that in our life like I am making a video if you want.  If comparison is your belief system as to whether comparison should be done then first write yes and no, yes comparison should be done or no no comparison should not be done then beyond that I will tell you all very well on this thing also.  I am going to give clarity that comparison should not be done and whatever is associated with it. Inside the comment section, you will find a Subscriber Info Webinar Group, where further details of the workshops are available, you can also join. Thank you very much.