Hello friends, today's topic is Acharya, you all know it is okay, it is okay to announce your rent, government people also get it, even in private jobs, it is okay and on top of this let's discuss about income tax, okay if you are defeated.  If you are getting it and you are not paying the rent, then the entire amount will be taxable at the rate of 30% in your normal rate, but if you pay the rent, then you get rebate on it, so what is wrong in it? Normally, this is a very common mistake. I will teach it very easily through examples. I will tell you by taking the example of a government employee. Rest of the corporates should also do like this because the numbers will be very different in percentage but the formula will remain. Currently, government officials get 27% green. Because it was 24 and as soon as it crossed 25%, it increased to 27% and then 50%. When Ba will cross, it will increase to 30%. Now on 27th pay, if the basic salary of any government officer is Rs 1 lakh then how much does he get. 27000 will be a very simple thing. Now if this person thinks that I am Sir, I am  I am getting Rs 27000 and I will live in a house with a rent of Rs 27000 and I will give my slip and my net income will be zero on tax because I  I got Rs 27 and I lived in a house of Rs 27, so the net is zero, so now I will not have to pay any income tax, so this is a wrong calculation. The right calculation given is that the rent which is more than 10% of the salary is tax free.  If it is considered, then if I want to see the total, I want to make the total tax free, then how many thousand rupees will I have to live on rent in a house? The answer will be ₹ 37000, ₹ 1 lakh is mine.  Salary is basic salary, you understand it is okay, I don't tell much by doing this or that, I sit under the tree on the old side and Master ji tells me, I am telling that one, listen carefully, there is no such complication, how much is 10%?  If it is Rs 10000, then how much rent are you paying above Rs 10000, i.e. 10% of your basic salary. If you are paying Rs 27000, then your  Only Pink 17000, now D 10000, so your HRMS is 27000, only 17000 will not be taxed, the remaining ₹ 10000 will be taxed to you, ₹ 3000 and three-four percent of the balance will be charged on it, 3100 is yours but if you have taken a rent of 37000,  So now how much rent are you paying more than your 10% salary? 37000  - 10000 because 10000 is 10% of the basic, so you are giving 27000 together, it is 27, so it is yours - it is done, you have to understand this way, if you come into this again, even if brother was not giving 30000, you are still giving 30000.  If you were getting 27 then you are getting 30 only, 20 thousand will be charged on 7000. 27000 I hope I have made it clear to you very easily, a little more about this and let me tell you what green money you are getting and you are living at your parents' house, at your parents' house, so is this your income?  You can claim tax and all this, Han ji, you can do it. If your spouse has a house of your mother or father, then whoever has a house, you have to pay rent to them in actual, through check in the bank and so online.  Date you can give record and after that their PAN is also taken so if they are not in taxable income it makes a lot of difference I am of the same if they are taxable you make difference because of 27000 if they have taken rent so suppose it is ok man  Whatever rent you expect, you paid late rent of Rs. 40000 to your parents and their income is Rs. 28000 [Music].  If she gives it to you, then if it is ₹ 100 rent then it is considered to be only 70 rupees. Now it will be said that it is in the name of the wife, it is very expensive, many people have given it to her but there are cases also, observation A.  It goes many times and you will give it to the wife, that wife actually becomes house old, okay, so yes, there are technicalities on it, it is quite ruling, it is something which is till in  D Gaiya but parents make it very clear your sibling parents related in law anybody is ok if there is any zero in it you do your transaction well and ok and yours will give you the receipt they will declare their income if their salary is less then if their income is less then You know that senior citizens do not come anyway, there is no tax till Rs 5 lakh, ₹ 500000 means Rs 7 lakh if ​​that rent is ours. If your property is Rs 490000, then you can take a rent of Rs 7 lakh or you can take a rent of around Rs 58000. There can be a combination that you are taking both and you can also take rebate of your home loan on income tax. Your house is provided in some other city. And many times there have been cases on this issue, since it will be necessary to tell about the city also that the city is big, I cannot live there or the house is small and it is not suitable for me, then that is technical.  I go to another city but you bring blinds. You work in Bengaluru, you are taking green, you work in Pune, you have a house in Gurgaon in Hyderabad, which you have put on rent. Yes, you can also show self occupied.  Showing the house is also allowed. Okay, whatever it is, you can continue your income tax rebate on the home loan and there will be no delay in it, no issues, no questions as it.  If someone does not get House Rent Allowance, then is there any provision for taking it? It will come in a separate section. If you want to know that too, yes, we do not take Acharya, but will we get it, then that.  Some day it will be shown in another video, it will be explained, how are you liking this series of videos in practice, how much fun are you having, please write in the comment section. If you have not yet subscribed to the channel, please do so.  Now let me give you a revision of the content in short 30 seconds. Those who are watching this video now, 12 13 videos have been given in it, the mental models have been given in it in different ways, they are getting clarity in it and the different views of investment.  Now Diwali will also come Mani is extremely important C cannot outsource everything for Chartered Accountant because middle class and Chartered Accountant also need it more.  Google does not tell you which thing exists in two minutes, but when you search, whether that thing is there or not, if you comment, then on this channel you will get such things which will practically improve your life.  Will be available very easily. Please keep watching. Thank you very much.