Hello friends, my middle class videos are quite a hit, you guys know that today's topic will be middle class parents and hypocrisy, hypocrisy with respect to your brother on kids, there will be two-three pointers in them, I will tell you what is hypocrisy, you guys can tell whether it is so or not.  You guys also have to tell me brothers, should it stay or be removed? First of all, which stream to go to after 12th class, then this child will decide twelfth.  Where is the class near, son, you decide, son, you decide, if we are with you, then it sounds very very nice, yes, a child who has no exposure in life, who has no idea where and what is what, till now he has stayed at home, he decides.  Tax is imposed, let's become intelligent, 18 years, 17 years old decide, tax is imposed, but when the girl turns 25, 26, 27 years old, no matter the caste, then the parents decide but who to marry.  When an 18 year old can decide his career, Sarita can decide, then isn't it hypocrisy that you go to her at the age of 25 or 26 and tell her whom she will marry? The reason is hypocrisy, because it is in your syllabus that you think what job you have to do, Sarita. Nowadays you don't have any idea which one to join, where to go, artificial intelligence, no further knowledge, computer, B.Tech, engineering, art from the waist, digital technology, marketing, digital marketing.  10000 new professionals do n't know some alum balm, parents raise their hands here because you can see where they are getting it, but when they come, they will say, 'Bil Tel U', so according to me, even at that stage, you will get  It should be left out, it should be told from the beginning that if the child becomes successful, IIT results are out, NET results are out, first of all, UPSC results were out, it is the season and the new season is starting, then everyone would have taken ownership.  Parents take ownership by saying that yes, it was our child, they will be photographed everywhere, it is so and so's child and this happens that a maximum of 1% is taken from the parents, it is okay, mostly when the child was not there, we had educated you.  Had given Bajju also, had done coaching there, had sent him there, had done it everywhere, brother, this detachment is in your control, isn't this the failure of the parents?  Very bad and it's taking a lot on the emotional health of the new generation. I have been having a lot of consultation that means we get ditched, parents get ditched and bring the child, although we earn our livelihood from consultants. I tell them that first of all you need to consult before having a child. If a father comes saying that this is my son or daughter, what should he do with this, has he done this in 12th or this?  What should he do at the graduation level? What should he do now? Father is asking. Father should know everything about his child, not just what is his ability, what is his worth, what is his problem, what is his settlement of child, where is his child's wants.  And had and among them A didn't happen then B did B didn't happen C didn't happen then the id together and they are lodging together and brother-in-law is no lodging If one thing is not going to happen then  We will go to the second one, we will go to the third one, we will go to the fourth one and in this you do not have to worry, we are with you, whatever is your level of hunger, it is coming from the genes of your father and mother and hard work is only limited, it is the power that the parents have.  Nowadays, the housewife is at the forefront in ranking and runs, we have not done the job, I have not done the job, she makes sacrifices, she made the sacrifice for you, she gave the highest five, so madam, your daughter too is not a story.  She will also make sacrifices like you. What problem are you having by becoming a housewife? She will also give birth to children and will make sacrifices like you. Why are you crying for her? Why do no women make sacrifices? Brother, you were not like anyone, this too.  There may be a big reason, no, their father did not allow them to do it, you will get all the videos related to who allowed them to do what, but this is hypocrisy, housewife, it is her hypocrisy, please do something and show it. You will be 40-45 years old, when the child is 18 years old, the housewife is also around 45 years old, so what did you do, what are you doing now, what did you do in 40-45, when the children grow up, whatever happens, 20000 Whatever the job, the increase for them is not for the middle class, so there is a request from the parents of the middle class, please come out of this hypocrisy, but I am doing it here in the library.  Due to this hypocrisy, the children who do not take the responsibility of wherever they are reaching, they do not take it, their discipline is not good, so why is it like this now, the goods are taken out of your production factory, you will have to take responsibility, they say, right?  Motherboard Mothership Both the things that came out of your production factory are your children, you cannot write them off like this, you are not in their hands, they can do that, they would have removed all the exams.  Those times are gone, your middle class, whose children were born after 1996 and are sitting in jobs before middle class, if your one truth and water here and there, one's and your's also go a little wrong, then you are here to share this much knowledge. For his parents, he would have probably been a B from the group officer. If instead of B, he was doing story and chakki grinding, then he would not have had so much time competition. If you have more competition, then have a little mercy on yourself. Kids have a little more understanding about your kids and milk decisions. It is important to take timely decisions. It is important to take timely decisions. Never put everything on them, nor do all people care about them. It is said, and if you do not understand,  If you top it with those who are involved in the field, please comment on them, the one who is the real father of failure will become the father of failure and the father of success.  Is Bane ready to be successful? No matter the caste, yes, everyone will take the credit. School was set up, teachers were set up, coaching center was set up, mother was set up, father was also set up and relatives were also there. We knew this since childhood. We knew about this. Oh, this was bound to happen.  Hey, it was bound to happen to Rohit, it was not to happen to Neha, how does it happen like this, we already knew this, you did not know this much, yes, these things are being told later, so you are not like three or four.  Neither then you change caste, it's 1 second  I belong to this caste brother, we have done it, studied, written, done everything, made sacrifices, we are crying so much about this sacrifice, especially housewives make sacrifices, you made so much sacrifice for us, so we don't get married at all.  After sacrificing their conscious conscience, they go to awaken their intellect and those drivers are ready to come to many places, those who have failed in all their exams, your parents have left you, if you do n't like someone, then there is something great.  We will reduce this job, wife and children, this is great for the common man, then they are saying that we will come again for second consultation, our children have gone there, gone there, gone there, now that thing is gone, the second one is wisdom and intelligence.  Our child is fine as soon as he wakes up, so now what were you doing before that, playing the bin in such a way that the rats will come and take them with you, then you see, don't be this hypocritical, don't blame them.  Too many programs in the system  There is a blue ocean opportunity, there is a lot more to do, you people do not even know, if anyone has the wisdom of Vivek Chetan Jain, then the retirement of middle class parents is the wisdom of Vivek Chetan, of waking up, the place where you have been with that Baba Ji. Acharya Prashant ji, so much wisdom is going away, parents need to have children, parents need to come to their senses so that maybe when their rational wisdom awakens, then maybe they will help their children. Children waste 15 years.  Hope you guys will share this message. Thank you very much.