Hello friends, you must have heard this sometime or the other, it may have happened to you, either way, learn this, think it will improve a lot of things in your life, I didn't mean it come on or I don't need. Okay Baba I am sorry.  I didn't mean IT syndrome, we will discuss it if it has happened to you many times. IDENTIFY WITH IT THIS TOPIC PLEASE WRITE IN COMMENT REGION ID WHAT DOES IT HAPPEN  From such creators, I get feedback that it is not like I have dreams, I don't know in which world I am and all these things happen to me because here I have to extract the P points of your life which is not happening on YouTube.  You know, okay, so if that's a feedback for him, then this much is shared by you, so you have heard it, okay, so whenever this I did't minute or this one and also that is a relief, it will become one okay.  synonym most  First of all, if this happens to you, then you have to face off fit, do not pull it too much, do not pull it too much, it is absolutely mean, it was just a filter that was removed, this filter comes out when the jailer is too much, there is no control.  Do you know whether someone has become intoxicated? People who drink alcohol say what they say, many people also take the help of alcohol. What is there in intoxication, what comes out is what was inside, it is just our filter, just like you ever do.  Like there is one, is n't it?  The spice is the filter that goes through the rock, like you know, when someone gets a smell, it doesn't come out immediately, a very small baby's, at 6 months old, he has not been taught to control it, but if he grows up, then the man can control it.  Learn that late is something, apply a control or filter, if you are not intelligent then take an example, then this is a filter, goes in anger, sometimes goes in a hurry, goes in a drunken state, goes in anything. can butt  If this is removed then he will show it to you, now he is embarrassed, the next guy or prisoner, how did I say it like this, then I have to make him up, I will hear it in my relatives, I will get it everywhere, so you have to see that brother, I mean, he used to do it.  Mountains ca n't do anything, you are his grandfather, this is also a fact, what can people do? Yes, someone or in Haryana, he said it like this, people consider him big but there are few people with pure heart here, they will talk like yes.  had said  Actually you can't do anything but you can next time me very careful in dealing with dam so your reaction should be drama don't do second contact you this treatment and you can say this thing second time you can say I am telling you many times Even your juniors, whom you can normally muscle, also take the push of this joke and go to some extent, they are busy from within, their scenario will give that too. What will you read to ask the same things, but the meaning is, but if he is saying the scenario, he is junior, no matter who is a [ __ ], he is equal to the upper one, the lower one is straight, speaking straight is also my R, it is my nature to do this, so you are asking stupidly, brother.  You do it with everyone, but there is a sense of human, you find the bill in you, so called friend, friend, nothing happens, even time pass system, they were drinking tea, six people were sitting and standing, so you should not be made fun of.  Which is our problem, isn't it the old problem which we had in the society when 50-100 people used to live, a lion will come and attack, if you have not tolerated the nerves of others, then they will leave you and the lion will attack you.  I don't live in those times at the age of 23, but this is our DNA which is embedded here for millions of years, I don't want to tolerate anything, this is the biggest problem, nobody is going, you come and help me.  S. Sir, those who are making fun of you are not as heavy as you, anyway you also know this but that is not being said to you because coming to you like I am openly explaining to you, perhaps he was not the one to understand.  It is happening together, you had thought from within, you had thought from within, how should I do more, you also did the cost benefit analysis, friend, he does the same with this too, go along with that, many people are like this, they are nurse type, they make themselves look big.  Who d'time you hot flower Your self esteem gets affected, your confidence gets affected, every time you follow what time told you till you know, your confidence level increases, you get taken seriously and you don't go there to pass such time. In social settings, if you have ever made a joke about your body, your city, your pronunciation, your way of speaking, or if you have ever made any joke about anything, then you  Have you be very very careful about it, you can add him, you can tell him in front, you can remove him from your list, you do n't have to ever meet him, I am the other big one, make you fool nice about yourself [music] you keep walking  No one can become a wandering Guru. You know that Guruji should tell something to someone, that is a different thing and a Guru also never makes fun of a Guru, even a person with substance will not belt out a bill, he too will say something in you.  He will definitely speak bitter but he will not let you fall by holding him, these people who will come with them will only have the feeling of falling, someone has pushed you in every time, try to get up and then they will push you in everything, they will say like this, this is so much fun, oh this is so  So hey, it doesn't matter to you, whenever someone talks like this, you will feel it from inside, friend, a jailer does it and a lot of Punjabi people live in the soil of the soil, the soil of the soil, the soil of the army is a dialogue that Punjabi people speak.  And there will be a dialogue about its equipment in the entire community. I have heard this dialogue a lot. I am telling it in my own words, but it is not that just by taking a lot of soil with yourself, you enter into the soil, it is not soil, it is water, so quickly.  Soil, not water, this is your exit route. Don't meet so soon. I am not soil, water, soil. PP, all the soil is finished. Now what to do, now what? If you tell me forcefully, I am not speaking to the quarrelsome natured person, but I am an associate.  People should add value to you today. In today's times, through technology, through listening. You should not get people's hands. If you like what I am saying, then how is it necessary to get hands? Is it necessary to be there in real life, what is the need for you whose 10-5  He likes to talk about people. He spends his days with them. He can also be on the phone. What is the problem with you? People are going to Bill. I only have positive feedback. You will listen to the scholars and will remain among the scholars.  Find your scholar, where can I take loan from? In my real life situation, brother, earlier scholars used to read the books of scholars or read the books of scholars, now this technology has come, so make your company nice and talk to those people in it. Jeans, you bounce your history.  You can pack and discuss history please discuss history people you ever remember whenever two men meet or two women meet they will always discuss the third person only after initial tu kaisa hai how am i am how is this  After that you bill discus we third person only you apply this test it works 95% of the cases you will discus if you meet together then daughter-in-law will be discus or husband will be discus or any daughter-in-law will be discus or any friend of your common friend will be discus So there will be some other discussion or Shahrukh Khan will be discussed or Modi ji will be discussed or Putin will be discussed or whatever day it is or stock market something external bill will be discussed the day after tomorrow.  Bill B is a discussion and a waste of time. How is he? What are his opinions? You will either criticize him or praise him forcefully. Whenever two people meet, whenever you meet, remember that both of them should benefit from the conversation. If both are not getting it then one  There should be no other, never, if you are like me, now I am making a video, you and I are talking, I know your words from the middle of the comment, that is a different thing, okay, but it is benefiting you in this.  saying nice things I am also benefiting from the fact that I am getting views, so this mutual relationship is the best, brother, a party should be a good benefit, if only one person comes at a time, he talks only for his own benefit.  He only takes you and does not give you that benefit, never gives you, so off course you spend time with him, band kar dog, this is also a creation, this is what happens to him, if I make a video and you forgive one of my videos, forgive the other one.  do it in the third also  Brother, if you are not getting any value then why would you come? It is a fact that even the great people who are good creators realize this that they have to come and spend a time in their life. This time will have to be told to you. All the things that I am hearing in your workplace. You are going, you are in a train, you are in the metro, you are sitting in a taxi, you are waiting for a plane, you are waiting for someone, then you are listening to this video, you are utilizing your free time, do it on time, something like this and something like this.  not be  Could have been because these videos of mine force you to sleep for ideas and any time you get the help of these things, the lesser man will get the head, you don't have time for worthless men. Agar mere 10 video pending hai achhe wale main apna it can be another creator home you like home you follow and home you find date day after tomorrow this is adding value in your life other day after tomorrow ok then you him human  To fight with someone or to make a big fuss, you put a little bit in the ear, such people have a lot of irritation and then they send forward this that what a world it is these days, no one gets trapped in our prey, parents, old and future citizens.  These people also call in categories, I am also telling that for them, you do not need to have much brain, they can definitely know that a small child can know, okay, I hope you liked this video, you can share this video in the world where  Of Share it with us so that this thing gets called out and if you have not subscribed to the channel then please thank you very much. Next time when someone came to you, day and minute, if he used to do it, don't just talk, tell me, friend, what is the use of talking to you?  After two days you will say I didn't do it, now you are not even aware, enjoy it in the meantime, are you really meaning, why were you asking, normally you have to speak like this, didn't I come later?  Did't minute, you don't even know that this is your talk, this expectation and you know my test is from date day before yesterday, so date and date percent ever come in message with you, this is called genuine articulation of what a man is, don't get angry in it. The less you speak, the better it is. Bill get de message yaad to bill note missle aur bill sta aave. If it is going well then tell me, subscribe the channel.  Thank you