Hello friends, this is a very important topic, especially for youngsters, I was just joking by doing that, which one is the last pasta, Chunky Pandey's character is okay, friends with relatives, if this is happening to you, it is a matter of great pain, someone comes and corrects you.  You are like that and get suspicious and show displeasure or do something nice to you and then they say I am joking, I was joking or whatever like I am a joke. If this is happening to you then it is a very important topic for you and if it is not happening to you then maybe it is happening to your children or to your relatives or to your wife or to a friend.  If so, please share it. It is very important for the society. Whenever someone does this to you, it makes you feel big and then you say that he was just joking, before that you got angry at him and what to handle, that is in the video.  I will tell you but  First of all, if this is happening with you, if this movement has already happened with you, then you are not going to know the story right now, next time it will happen only then you will take action which I will tell you, but if it has happened with you till now, please tell me in the comment area. Write ID means identifying your identifying with this phenophena and I would like it not like I come and make such videos, there is a problem in the society, write not genuine, this is a matter of pain with you.  If this is happening to you, then first of all you have to take action on your interest, what is it in your personality that when someone can come and get away with doing these things, you are showing or telling you this.  Have to analyze because he is doing it with everyone, is he doing it with you, is it also a personality trait, has he seen your relative, has he seen your love, has he seen his colleague, has he seen his so called friend.  Have seen and he exploits this thing, where does it come from within you, take interest in what you are displaying, why don't you have that power inside you, why does n't anyone come and think twice and talk to you like this?  If he has to think twice for this, then first you rely on the fact that there is something in him because he has to change within himself, you cannot change him, his toxicity is narcissistic.  Is it okay or are people having psychological issues? You ca n't fix that, only you can fix this, Don't mess around with me, you can do something like this here, sign board, have this kind of attitude, so next time when something like this happens to you.  If yes, then ask him in person, okay and you make fun of me, this is not friendship, this is guru element, this is family channel, I can't do it in words, then I will do it here in body, if explanatory explanatory is in English, then speak in Hindi. Even if I am alone in Gandhi's street, I would have seen him speak clearly because he would have been shot because of a lot of people with good bye image, good girl image by girl, whatever this journey is from this, what would this Gandhi woman say who has never even imagined?  By prefixing that and that street, whatever you understand, guru and matter, and this note is something very nice that if anyone comes and goes after you, it's like a bell and you will not notice any difference like this.  Country also makes a difference, earlier the neighboring country used to do anything to its elder brother and said, 'Brother, you will get a slap, if you hit me with a little pinch, the cat will penetrate you and the teeth will come out. Next time you will pinch me, you will understand. If you understand then.  He told him straight to the person, what is your problem, what is bothering you, no, you are my friend, tell him, I do n't want such friends and said, next time you don't know what you are going to do.  Get back you bill note and no I am just joking and this is your scenario and just go alone and tell him what is called, explain it well in Hindi or whatever is your local language and if you want to understand that local language then explain it well. Bill Safar So Me Issues and Bitterness And You Left So Me Self Doubt It Was Your Fault You're Deficient This Joke Can Be About I Tell You It Can Be These Jokes Happen About Your Body It  What can happen about your dialect, the way you speak, the way you take decisions, your indecisiveness and others think it has to be about some trait about you, in which they make fun of you, if it is like this, Rohit is like this, Neha is like this.  Hey, hey, hey, do you know that he had gone there by doing this and by doing that personal thing of yours which you had told him in Goodwill, if he had made fun of him publicly?  If it is or is being used then you will have to be ruthless. You just write down how many times it happened to you and you start being like this. Now what is the brother in this? The brother in this is that hey, I have lost my bill, friend. Hey, to hell, I want such a friend.  There is no use in saying anything in life. Learn to spend time with yourself. This nonsense attitude will come automatically. It is the week of wife's parents, brother-sister's children and when it is X, it is that.  It's already week, I have earned money outside, so you think that if I don't tolerate the news hunt even for a little bit, then they will also go away. You are a wife, can do jokes, right, can do anything with you, can also do because of your techniques, we can make fun of each other like this.  Can be extremely close in which you can also make a joke there, then the same thing should be asked to the person making fun, Are you in my inner circle, are you in my group, are you  Close the date, you tell me, who gave you the right to joke with me? Do we have a brother-in-law and sister-in-law relationship? Tell me directly, I am yours and he, although according to me, even in a brother-in-law and sister-in-law relationship, people give jokes. According to me, one should not joke there.  We should also decorate and maintain, he is also one of our society, he is one of our society, I will make a video on him on a big channel, okay, so here I came, I told you, only those people, what is yours, did you feel that you can do this, not me.  friend i came  Don't Need Polo If You Don't Why do things come out of your mouth? Remember in life, nothing is ever a joke. That inner adversary, jailer, passive aggressive behavior, anger, hatred, witness frustration, only what has been kept in your mind comes out and when that  So and so unguarded many times like it's something like na i bill tell you an example will sound a bit ridiculous but bear with me like someone's su nikal  There must be some reason, there is some filter, the small child does not have that much control because he does not have awareness, so he is a small child, he also tells the story, but as we grow up, we do not do it, but like  -When extreme old age comes, people travel from this because of bladder control, there is no relief, it is embarrassing, there are many people like this, when there is a lot of toxicity in your name, then there is a movement or  On the situation he enjoys doing things and this happens sometimes when you have a date the day before yesterday he has drunk alcohol phenophena has been seen more in party functions get together Osho Hawass on the people steel guide someone put one or two and his  He brought out a little bit like this from within and then how will he speak there and from within, no, he is not after drinking alcohol, he does not know what he is doing, he knows very well what he is doing, he enjoys it a lot.  He is having a lot of fun in it, but he is having a little bit of that garden which is a respite in the normal day, so he has to make things difficult for him by not making him time-confident and making him spend time alone in Venice.  Alone and one only, he and other people will know and will say 13 There is no sense of us, he said, there is a sense of us, what is the meaning of this talk that there is some Sardar ji, it is okay that our Sardar is brother, but you Sardar, whatever you do is ridiculous.  And then tell them your sense of emergence, why don't you put your sense of emergence on yourself, why don't you put your sense of emergence on yourself, why don't you put it on your community, I guess I am, I guess I am a Jat, okay, then let me talk to some Sardar ji friend.  If I am a Jat then why don't I joke about my hair, about my face, about my wings, about my body, about my dialect, how many cracks should I make, what is the problem with myself?  How much should I body shame you, what is the problem, but you are doing it to someone else, making fun of someone else and telling him that you don't have information about him, your sense of member is great, it is very great when I do it on men and women.  The furnaces are big and I should tell the women that hey, you don't have any sense of humanity. Hey, you are a man, so whatever you do to men, you do it to your own stupidity, do it to others, this is the biggest catch, because.  People bill come in oil if you say this then joke on your father, joke on your mother, your kids, your wife, don't joke on me, environment will get tense, if that happens then you will deal with your self estimation in your life, you will be alone. If you are fat, someone is saying that being fat is the way to do it. If your weight has increased and you are not feeling well, then your parents, friends who are generally concerned.  He will generally come and say something genuinely good to you and will not make you look big, his feeling will be that you should lose weight and look a little better and your health will deteriorate and there is concern, but the one who is body shaming you has no concern.  You, that, tell him, have you eaten your father's food or have you eaten yours? Yes, I am fat, you have to bear my weight, do you have to kill him? You have to kill him. Dialogue, other voice, people bill, less, your appearance, dialect.  Knowledge Decision Making Your Social Status Your Background On many things, A people will go for some things and you will always be in self doubt, which in the beginning it seems like no no, many people will ignore it and come when you do it like this once more.  Ask the soil, soil, pavuji, nothing, soil, no water, soil, drink on everything, you will go inside the soil, no water, soil, me, not soil, water, do n't let me mess with you, no one will talk to me, don't, do n't, don't you, Ukraine.  If you want to talk about Putin, talk about the economy, talk about the Indian Stock Market, it's okay, talk about Shahrukh Khan, Preity Zinta, then it will be old, talk about Congress, talk about Karnataka elections, don't make fun of me by coming to my personal space, if you make fun of me publicly.  So B Ready on D Night Hempire Bill Strike Back Then you will be told where you can be made fun of Then we will be told Observe Very clearly He doesn't make fun of his self Doesn't make fun of his own Jo-Jo  Those who can tighten him can destroy him, he does not make fun of him, that is, he knows whom to make fun of, it is not that he is an inquisitive child, everyone is very happy, he is lucky, we have done this in one society, trolling.  Have done this type of thing like Kapil Sharma's show comes or any other show comes, comedy shows come, daily ones come, so we brother, they get paid, they are less professional, they get paid for being jealous, if you are also jealous. Getting paid for being a Jalil is a different matter. Well, he comes on a news channel and says something like this and the anchor shouts, he gets paid for being a Jalil, that is different, you are getting a little money for being a Jalil.  Even if you get paid for being and being insulting, tell me, just ignore me, after that tell me brother, you have torn a page from my book, you can do whatever you want, Chaudhary Saheb, the story too has nothing to do with me, but next time don't say anything.  You're Not That Close To Me And You're Never Close To Me I Hope This Strong Message Is That's Why I Wicked Little Beat Passion 18 Sach Video Because Of The Society And People Of Dem Just Because Of Them Stand Up On Themselves Not Only Themselves  You can do the same thing, teach it to your children, teach it to your wife, teach it to your siblings, teach it around you and as a social responsibility, send this video on social media.  Responsibility ki yaar, there is a social responsibility that because of this, Everybody Bill, listen to this and those of you who will be making fun, look at those of you, you can be on both sides, you can be the person who is doing this.  Hain b very sir dat if it com back tu u it is very baad do do it just si ki me kisi ki ka maa karta to kya uske bade mein me kya inedi goc ye mere  The one in my life who is making fun of me publicly, because of what is this in India, this hosting has started in the West also, it is being made a call like social media, a call cannot be made because of what is our country.  There is a lot of insecurity in me, we have not yet reached that level where we are not comfortable, till now we did not have the freedom, that is, now we were voting, the whites were ruling, yesterday we were fine, now it is 75 years, this is how our DNA is. Brother, I too have not removed that. After 100 years, we can joke about things but we cannot do so now and our country is so diversified, everyone is struggling with their own different things. Okay, you who came from the North East are ours. Brothers and sisters and they are citizens of our country. You pick them up and call them Chinki. If someone compares something with Chinese, then our children have to study with someone who comes from there. They give live scenes of their delivery etc.  Drama means that to you, someone's face, story, meeting someone, you know, you and North Indians do a lot with you, I have seen this, I am also a North Indian, so I am not making fun of you, I am directly condemning you.  If you attack someone then go straight to him, condemn him, fight, do whatever you want, why are you making fun of him, why are you making fun of him, why are you wearing a mask, God is you, you want people, you want racial discrimination.  Casteism is sitting inside our blood, okay class consciousness, I don't know how much of it there are, all these diseases are running inside us and then we are wearing a mask, I was just kidding, I don't have the courage to try, now the country is social and democratic. Right is done, all are equal, Constitution is all good, you can't actually do yours, if you do then you will get a struggling position as per Dr., this joke has been read at many places, it's good, do anything, make fun.  If you ever enter Bangalore, if this ridiculous joke is happening to you, then do not sign it. The people who make fun are very close to us. Okay, it is late Raju Srivastava ji and he is the one who used to make fun of anyone.  He didn't use to do it, but these days, is there a way in stand up comedy that you can do this, so it is acceptable, okay, in that you capture the crowd, then what does it do, does this, does that, so People are so confused, youth is confused, then because of that confusion they are immediately told that you are not on call, that means I am making fun of you and if you are not able to bear it then you are not on call, now there is no pressure on you to remain on call.  If you have peer pressure, then I can give you any trauma because of it, so understand that what is being done to you in the name of coolness can also be taken back and you can never get over it with someone.  Don't do it directly, tell him I don't want to play this game, he says no, you say something in my bad, many people would like such a prism, you also say something in my bad, I do n't want to play dirty games, you say something in my bad, I am reducing the period.  If you have not subscribed to People Channel yet then please subscribe. Thank you.