Hello friends, many of you have come across this concept, they say that do such work in life, which is the second thing the world needs, what you can be paid for what you love and what you are good at, so in English they call it passion mission.  Profession Vocation, it feels good to hear all this in English, the presentation comes round, it becomes round that which I like very much, which the world also needs, which gets money and which the world also needs and by doing that in such a way that If it becomes possible, brother, this work has to be done. The youth gets very impressed by this. Someone has written a practical matter about how America runs after the Japanese lose their context. Then we go crazy like this. This happens how many times in our country of India, we do not see that one is coming from ahead and one is coming from here and then you are coming from here and there is jam there and that one is coming, then how can we do this?  Let's take this American can die  If he goes there, he will not be able to survive there, okay, so now I want to tell you that friend, you are youth, 22 2 24 25 years old, what are you good at, you have never done anything, so what are you good at, then it is wrong.  You must be good at something. Hey, a man becomes good only when he does something on a sustainable basis. Then it will be called passion. Hey, passion will also come only when you do something. There is a problem here.  It is said that you are not getting a job, your business is not going well, when you start getting money, you become passionate about that thing. If I tell you to pick up this junk item and this newspaper and take these 10 hawkers and collect them here.  You will get money there, this much is the margin, this is this much of plastic, this is this much of this, is there any sexiest job, is it a scrap dealer, but brother, money is there, then when a lot of money comes, then the man becomes passionate about it, example. If I am telling you then even this passion is nothing, I am very passionate about singing, I want to become a singer, there is no strength in your voice, you cannot go anywhere, you cannot reach, the one who tells me is like this brother, demotivate.  Don't do this to our children, I have left this consultation for the children, now I am in 12th, 12th and college, I say, I do it for the employed people, I don't have to do it for those below that. Push and start whatever you want, yes brother, we don't know what to do brother, just fold your hands like this, you did school for 12 years, you did college for 4 years, if after studying for 16 years, even after studying for 18 years, you do n't know what to do in life.  What else are you asking by giving money to someone then you are a fool yes you are doing something and then you have to change something and you tried to do something yes then we can talk that atleast if you did something then this  Passion is nothing because passion is I was very passionate. This is English. Good at nothing is because when you have not done anything. What the world needs is that it is changing itself. Half of what the world needs is a need created by force. It was never there.  Do n't even do this work, this has to be done Eat breakfast like a king Eat breakfast like a king Why brother, there is no need to eat like a king comfortably even at 11-12 o'clock  You could eat food like bars, but they were to sell you those serials, if you tell any story then needs are created, then what the world needs and if that need is not actual but can be created, then you will never figure out and  That it itself can change what you can be paid for is a very you can be paid for anything question is how much you can be paid for that  Only you can be paid, so everything can be done, you can do any work, but the question is how much payment can be made for it. For example, I will tell you that you become a badminton player, which game you play becomes important. And if you are a cricketer then in cricket you have played Na Na Na India, it is okay that you play Ranji regularly but if a team takes you in IPL then you can earn two to four five crores and in badminton you can earn world cup.  Even if India is number one, you cannot earn that much. It depends on which game you are playing. The lowest person in a game means the lowest person in IPL, who has not played country, has not played West Zone, has never been in the regular team of Ranji.  But he earns a decent amount there, he has also created a social media account, he also got a D-pad and he came to Mumbai Indian and a D-bud came there too and they marketed him in different places.  she would have done it  He earned money even though he doesn't even play all the matches of IPL. Okay, and here we have no money in badminton. There is more money in tennis. The number 50 in tennis earns more money than the number 1, so this thing is very important for us.  Which game do you want to play? You are very good at badminton. We are talking about money. No, you have self-satisfaction. Why are people so busy with English? I don't understand.  If so, will some people who don't play badminton still come? What is the point? They will not understand that this guy concept is very faulty and not practical. Yes this is what you may like to do at the age of 42 and beyond which I am. Golden age of 42 tells me yes your should be to reach this place but you can't start wit at this place youngsters don't have such luxury everybody  The Stage You Can't Start At This So Come Like Me And Share The Knowledge Because I Am Living This Also Living This Akshay Srivastava Also Living This Those Who Tell Stories By Cut Copy Paste Are Also Living This Sandeep Mahesh Ji Also Living This Everyone  Buddy I am living this they are reaching this zone that where the world needs all this, we like it, we are helping, we must be getting some money from somewhere, by doing something like this, we can reach this stage, so we  You can tell, ok but it is not applicable for you brother, you are 22 years old, you do not know anything, you have to learn, you do not have the luxury of any passion, you are 24 years, 28 years, 30 years, yes 152 years, when you work your M.  Should be to reach here so understand this iga concept that this exists this is an ideal situation yes this can be our goal yes we should try  To reach here if you're a 48 year old 45 year old 42 year old 42 is the cut off age 42 has crossed you and you're not close to it You're doing what you don't like You're doing what you're not  Good At You're Doing What May Be The World Dozen Needs Than You're Not Riching Anywhere And You 17 18  Made 20 years worth but when you will start you will start from a place when you are not good at that may be you don't even like it world needs it not needs it so time will tell how much is needed and how much payment is being received  That too will be known with time, so I hope that I have given you this clarity, you have understood this thing well, please share, like and  If you want to become a member of the channel then you can also become a member of Paisa Sukoon Membership and be a part of the webinars and workshops which I do thank you very much.