Hello friends, India as a stock and foreign settlement, going abroad, recently I did a video in which I told the youth to go abroad, two-three years before that I had a different opinion, so many people commented on it in the comment section. Hey, your view has become 180 degrees, so beyond that I will try to give you a little explanation and one more thing to teach you that Keynes was a very famous economist in his life.  There is a famous dialogue that one fact changes I change my opinion what do you do sir, this saying is very famous, if India is a stock then let's say if there is one stock in the stock market then there is a buy on every stock. Hold Sell No Stock Is Forever a Buy and Forever a Sell and Forever a Hold It Depends on Lot of Things Whenever we buy any share in a company what do we check What kind of company is it, what is the potential, what is the growth rate, what is the corporate governance, what is the share holding of the promoter, what are the cash flows, what is the reputation of the product in the market, how is the general environment, what kind of investors are there, is the product selling well or selling less? You form an opinion on the basis of how the future prospects will be and this opinion becomes a reputation over a period of years and then changes over a period of time.  It may also depend on the circumstances, was Kodak always a buy or was it always a sell? If someone did not change himself then the Kodak company would be closed. Do you know what happened to India Nakia and Kodak?  But in that, if someone was saying that brother, stay extremely bullish here, then if you had removed extremely from extremely bullish, then now you have come to bullish, from bullish, then you go down some more.  You can depend on the situation, now one thing is being seen that people in India are struggling for jobs, they are preparing for the exam, so I made a video from the practical in which I said, look outside also, brother, which one should do what? Many people wrote to me in the comment section, Guruji, now we are starting consultation on this. Till then I had no idea but you people gave me the idea.  So I do not have any expertise in consultation, but you can use anyone who has expertise and through this video, if you are an NRI and are listening to this video and are in any country, then you can touch the number given by me.  I can stay, I can have a one on one discussion with you if you want for 15-20 minutes and what are the opportunities in your country, how did you go, how is it there now, that country can be Norway, can be Denmark. Maybe Spain, maybe Greece, maybe US etc. I want to avoid it because it is difficult to go there. I actually want to do whatever is practical, so I will do it for free. We will talk for free because I have done a lot of things.  Seeing the interest, many people wrote in it, Guru Guru ji, you are absolutely right, we emerged like this, this is the advantage, this is the advantage, then people are asking each other, hey brother, where are you, what to do, how to reach, so there is definitely a lot of confusion.  because the market  Either someone will charge a hefty fee and tell me something, is it okay? Or else, I will help you as much as I can through my channel. Find all your relatives, brother, friend's relative, relative 's friend, whoever is from your mother's side.  It may be from mom's side or dad's side, maybe someone you know knows someone, so you have to find him out and the one who is an NRI, I want to tell you now without hanging anyone because this NRI is the most  this is the big fear  I fear that this relative will come to my house, which is a very justified fear because we are mostly Indians. I can say that, look, this is one reason for me not to go abroad right now because I live in India and am exposed to the dust, bumps and potholes here. I have a moral right to say something boldly, so I have the moral right to go to Germany and then speak to India after having fun. Now, I live at home, so someone should say something to his father in his own house. Said father, who can speak to the government, I am not enjoying living here, it doesn't seem right to me if I go out, this is my thinking because now my work is my business, so if I go out, only a few things will stop.  It will have to be done, the air will be good, now I am saying this, people like us i.e. people like me will make the country smooth in five to seven years. Travel around for five to seven years, bring exposure and tell us how things are happening outside.  and the country itself  We have to improve. I am talking about patriotism. What happens many times? Friend, go out and see what happens outside. You will not get exposure. It is not necessary to struggle unnecessarily here and there. It is not necessary to live in the garbage. What kind of people should go?  What should not be known, what is there beyond that, follow videos will come further, this can also become a beautiful series, if you people want, but we are blind, we cannot say no, I will buy only this stock, I will not buy any other, even then your returns.  Optimum will not be found many times. You should look here and there too. There are many countries, what is happening in Malta, what is happening in Morocco, what is happening in Spain, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, there are many people, people have crossed these five or six countries of the normal circuit. No one tells me that I have done it to the people of Latin America. One person wrote to me, Guruji, don't say anything, the competition will increase. Do n't live like this, friend, will the competition increase? Blue Ocean.  There is an opportunity, every man does not go after hearing this. Now I tell you, whoever you are, eat less food and do more exercise. Guruji, I have taken the paper now, everyone will become fair after having a six pack and all the girls will marry him.  You will tremble. Hey brother, it does n't happen like this, it is not possible to become fat and thin, it is easy to say, try it, study more, all the exams will be passed, yes, study is not possible and study more yourself.  So if someone else is doing more than you, then no, read a lot of books, get the stock market learned, you will become rich, if you do n't read books, if you do n't understand, then don't get it so quickly, it is not that easy, I am giving knowledge to the world.  Go here or go there, I am not going myself, I am trapped emotionally, mentally and physically, it is okay, emotions are also a game, maybe I too would have gone 20 years ago, now I am not going, that is why I am telling others. That if you are in your 20s, many people have said, no, no, it becomes difficult to leave the job, if you have children, wife, it becomes even more difficult, yes, then it also becomes difficult if the parents become extremely old, so that is why I  He said, I can go in 20, if I don't get married in 20 then no, a video will be made on who will I get married to, no one said that I will get married, how will I get married, take me if you do n't get married, but why would a girl do this, so the girl who wants to bet on you.  not ready for that  Don't marry 24 24 year olds, go get married, there are companies with you, you will also get into bad habits there, check each other, no, but will any girl marry, can try, come on, you also go for a walk, who is yours?  What's going on, you are preparing for the exam, let your family members do this to you, do that, do this, we both will go, we will not spend on marriage, I am telling you practical things, get me married, then put dollars in our bank. going  Don't spend any money, come on, live your Simran, go with Raj, what Simran does is nothing great, what Raj does is no great, both of them are going abroad, they are married, we will do it, but those Simrans who want ready-made secrets,  Absolutely, brother, then the story gets different, that is your arranged marriage, it can be in love marriage, so there are many options, in India right now such jobs are not seen increasing as you want, there are a lot of possibilities outside, now someone is very skilled.  If you go there, you will earn more money. If you go there, you will earn less skill. But at least you will know what to do there. Go there, get skill and come back. Many people wrote about me in that, get endoscopy done there, colonoscopy, so much medical, so many old people.  Why would you have to go through colonoscopy and endoscopy and get all these things done? When you become so old, why don't you go brother? Then what kind of medical issues do you get at the age of 20? What kind of hell are you living a life like this?  You and it may be possible that if you are living like this, then it is possible that you will get fine after getting good air there and anyway, if there is any medical emergency, if anything happens, then get treatment in India, I know a lot about getting root canal treatment in India.  They come and meet their relatives, they also get a root canal done and their money is also saved, in this the traveling expenses are covered, one has to spend so much, look at the practicality, the one who does not want to go and cry, that is a different thing.  is my channel  This is for people who want possibilities, who are curious, my channel is not for any reason, to whom I can spoon feed you, tell me, I like the idea very much, now tell me why should I tell you, I have told you the idea, I have shown you the path, this is what you have to tell me, the agent.  This thing does not exist in your mind. Capital of Bulgaria Sofia. If you did not know before I told you, then that thing does not exist in your mind. That thing was like India always. Vasco Deri Gama used to come and see India for a while. Vasco Deri Gama was escorted by an Indian big ship which had gone to Africa to sell goods and they claimed that we discovered that you were a crazy child at that time.  Now the story has become twisted, now India is not that India which people come and discover, it is now the West, there are some things to discover, some countries, let's discuss and discover.  And learn, go as a tourist and go as per the learning. I am saying that this is youth, do not waste 21 to 30 years in exam preparation, understand the basic underlying principle, gain experience, people get a lot of opportunities as they age.  If the population is working, there are no working hands. If you learn Japanese then go to Japan and see it. Learn Spanish. Go to Spain and see Germany. Learn German. Learn German. Come to Germany. Anyway, the people are taught French.  French is also spoken in many countries. French is not spoken only in France. I see many children learning French in the same way. They have also taken Sanskrit. Otherwise, think of monetizing these languages ​​which you learn in schools. Now you have learned Spanish. Lee means because you had to learn a language in class. If you have learned it then go to Spain once or visit Spain. Spanish is spoken in Latin America. Explore Spain. Go to Mexico also where the language is spoken. So I am encouraging this.  I hope you all understood and liked the channel. Like and subscribe. Inside the comment section you will find a webinar info group. Join it and take membership. And if you are an NRI and you have listened to the video, then please get in touch.  With Me Tell That Yes Yes We Like To Help People And We Would Like To Come On Your Channel We Will Do An Interview And May Be Yours It is not necessary to share your details  You do n't even want to share the name, it's perfectly fine, just general discussion from a real person, it's not like someone goes and is agenda driven that now this person is talking, then buy a course from us, no general conversation, like two friends do.  To ask those who were getting curious in the comment section itself and how many questions will be asked in the comment section, if you want, then you can call them and ask questions as to how they go.  What are the opportunities, what are the expenses, what is the quality of life? Is everything not like this? I am just asking, there is something else too, what are the pros, what are the cons, whatever it is, okay, so that should be an idea, it should be a general idea.  Then the man should go to you, it is like telling, brother, this is sour water in golgappa, this is sweet, this is sour and sweet, what to expect, this is chilli, this is Rajasthani curry, this is Rajasthani curry.  So brother, it will be spicy, please tell me first, if no one of yours gets it done like that, then it is something like that, then it is just of that level, after that you will have to work hard on your own, you will have to do something on your own, okay thank you very much.