Hello friends, the topic is hard truth about Indian mother, you need to know and digest and to escape its escape source, many YouTubers have made videos, there are many books, it is discussed in many mainstream also, but this truth is that you will get respect for your money.  According to earning capacity, weather you like it or you don't like it and I will tell it factually and this is not here, this world war is like this, thousands of years ago how many animals were killed and brought back.  You would feed your family, then when agriculture came, how much work would you do in agriculture? Then those other medical times came where everyone used to come under attack and fighting was the test of life. Then you will get a child for your family, you will be able to know and do what you want with him.  We used to get respect, it is okay only then and all the children used to say that this father will die to save us, now the time has come, the role of the father is the nurturer in the form of astrology.  Those who know, it is seen from the new house, religion is also the same house, Guru is also the same house and father is also the same house and the father is Palanpur Hare, the father is considered to be the Guru, the father is considered to be the nurturer, the mother is considered to give birth.  There are many recorded but the lifetime of the whole life is that which is the role of the father. The role of the mother ends after five, six and eight, 10 years of the child's life. He added yellow lamps, made him bigger, made the body fine, just more food, one.  Gave me my whole life after that Till the death of the father, till the death of the father, there is a rule, if it is possible, every man cannot work for 80 thousand, but the best of now is the best of being, licking it. Noted it, if you earn lakhs of rupees, then you are a butter father who  80 thousand work is not done. No, if you can do 20 lakh work or 2 crore work and by passing the time wasting time as a drunkard, a cigarette smoker, you somehow manage to run a 10 lakh shop, then the work is 10 lakh but.  You are an irresponsible person, compared to the one who has killed ₹ 80000, but his method is fine, I hope you are giving the essence, you are understanding, otherwise it is very easy to spoil this video, it is very easy for the man, many say, I will use the money. So why would I marry because women are like this, they are like that, there is a big narrative going on that I will always be judged by my brother-in-law, income earning capacity, income earning capacity, this is directly. Proportional To Ability Of De Person Debt Maa You Create Value What Value Website Be Match Money You Bill Make Many People Come To Me For Consultation Brother Saheb In Company No Company Is Useless Doesn't Pay Money Doesn't Pay Much Salary I Said Again Freshen The Company  Don't say this is bad, the company doesn't pay me much, do n't say this, the company had no money, one thing is not the same thing, it pays you less money, but the same company is paying more money to someone else. Hai tere bus ko bus ko bus ko bus ko bus ko bus ko or that direct ko kahani se kuch hai ki yes to then their capability you on and add value in de company more so they get more simply you increase your capability cry why is this man today  On this day, no one is taking out his sword, no swayamvar is taking place, no fights are taking place, no horse fighting is taking place, no anything is happening, so how many tangible things are there today, which is money, which is the money in the account, which is the car?  How is it, how much will it provide and it is like the kingdom of Narmada, what is the item in it, let us see who will provide me the best, where will my children get protection and what will happen for me and on this basis IT will be selected.  It's so fair and simple, you are crying, you are taking a salary of ₹ 40,000, we come, the one with lakh rupees will attract a butter girl, so why are you crying with the one with salary of ₹ 2 lakhs? Butter will attract, this is the law of a method, the topic of pain and suffering is bothering you, you can not expect that my salary is above Rs 40,000, a girl earning Rs 2.5 lakh, a very beautiful dimple, the one who performs the aarti of my mother, I will not get it.  Not getting accepted Increase your value adding capacity if you should know how to do and reduce your desire because of the difference between  Reality and Aspiration: This one is sad, the one who is like this is happy and it has become more different that he should have this status, so brother, then be sad, this is his status, then this should be what he wants, or take this, maybe you will get this, that's all or  Then make yours a little bigger, brother, I want it, this is my status only, so I made my status a little bigger and reduce my desires a little, talk about your mother, you can cry a little, oh my God, things, it is very difficult, it is this  Very difficult, you too mother in today's man, it is very difficult to be a man these days, it is difficult for us, this is praise for women, how are they enjoying, please like those on the video at this very moment, man, these things are very true and cool, these women tell us. Men can also like and can lionize each other too. Men, look at the Indian content. Maximum, there has been no progress in the last 25 years. Women have learned to drive where they can drive. Learned to fight, learned to drive, Learned to reduce the bank's expenses, Learned to reduce money, Learned to wish, Learned to do all the things that men used to do, Learned to do more butcher and also know how to reduce their living expenses, They have nothing in a man. Shikha is not an upgrade, even at first she asks stupidly, if he is a week student then he will travel, how to press the shirt, put it on and press it in such a way that those who don't know, don't make some children happy by upgrading themselves. This student who has never studied, if he fails, he will definitely fail. Brother, if you can't earn much money, then help a little in the household, he will also become a hit. You are a woman but I am a man and I do n't have much of a system, so this is an inheritance given to you by your father, that time was different, your mother was a housewife, that time was different, the attraction of men was different, she was very good.  saw the time  Dad is coming home, all YouTube. If father's question is not asked these days, then this is the Iranian situation. You will have to reduce it, you will not have that much because now is not the time to ask, earlier there were slow pace of life, so there was a question in that, there were five ho caste.  Okay, not now, now your wife is also engaged in grinding, she does n't have time to perform your aarti, you do n't have time for hers, both of you trust each other and love each other and decide how long you want to stay with each other.  Of  Keep doing that, do it, but the amount of money you earn is a tangible thing and there is no other thing. Money is less useful but if you are intelligent, then what to do with intelligence. You may be very intelligent, you have a good heart, your child's school is good.  Fees should not be given, power is there but respect is there. When you have insurance at home, you cannot go to the hospital and give a little respect, friend, take 10 grams of respect and put it in your heart, if you don't want too much.  If it is useful then you have to do something in the house, you have to do something with your wife by helping in the house so that she can get the money, that too is your indirect way of earning money. If you take mother's suggestion, is there any husband, I am again some husband and he. Suppose he has lost ₹ 80000 and his wife is no longer available, so now he is not going from 80 to 2 lakhs. This is happening with many people, so can he take out some time from his time and set his ego a little?  by doing  By contributing something in the house and giving a little free time to the wife, she can do 40 thousand rupees of work so that the income of the house becomes ₹ 20000. This tax has been done by this because many husbands call their egos as their Chaudhary in their Chaughat. His potential is also not being realized and he is guilty. If now 1 lakh 20 thousand families will earn then it will also be said that yes, your direct contribution is 80.40.  Your individual contribution is not that you stop at 80. Yes, capacity in the market is available to everyone. If you are in a job, it is not that in a job at 80, you will be worth three and it is also not that you can do three.  He is a good father, a good father, who is living with the feeling that this is my duty, this is my religion, this is my duty, this is my religion, this is the note de ve which is running on Equator and this is on Facebook, this is on YouTube and this.  The religion that is shown in the movies, this religion is less, but no one wants that, everyone wants this one of theirs, religion is in danger, religion is in danger because everyone does not reduce theirs, how much time will it take if no one is in danger?  Do you waste at home, make a cup of tea, make two cups of tea, make half a cup of tea on a Saturday, take you out for a walk once in a while, fix some shoes and slippers in your house, fix your bedsheet and bed seat.  Monitor your children, why not?  Please tell everyone, explain how you liked the video, tell me how you liked the video, I come in a practical way, I encourage you, there is relief in every video, there is a need to take out veterinary medicine to do something and to do something else because Vikram wants to sit after cooling down, mother and still he is reducing his glasses.  Look, those who are meant to be public figures and do n't know what people are talking about and yet they keep on doing less, some people praise, some people don't, they did n't want to sit sad, my respect will be less. Elections are lost for the state, now I do n't reduce it and will reduce it. If it is gone then learn from one state. Elections are lost for the state and we will do less with more passion. Now another statement also comes, now we will reduce it with more force in husband and real life.  Why don't you understand that my respect is getting less than mine, I will just catch more, I will be more Mullah, you are the original, is it right, which V is this, what do you want? Hey brother, it is like this, you will have to do it and you don't have much clipping. Not alone, it is not happening for anyone else, and for how many people are you doing it? Tell me, please write in the comment area. If you have not subscribed to the channel, please do so. Thank you.