Hello friends, today I want to give clarity, the topic is on interest rates and home home and home loan and how people are not able to understand. First it has increased from 7% to 7:30 then it has become 8:30 what people are not able to understand about home loan.  Releasing in they are not comparing it with inflation If you check now, inflation is running close to 7 7.1 but in North Indian state  Separately, 9% has come out, there is a data from the government, you can Google it, so if my home loan is between 8.25 or 8.5 and my inflation is at 9, then I am getting -5-75. You can get this.  The thing to be understood is that if you ever look at the interest rates then look at it like this if inflation is 4% and interest rate is 7% because the value of money is decreasing if you have invested 20 years before late.  If you had taken a loan of Rs 10 lakh, then the burden of Rs 10 lakh that was sitting on your head 20 years ago is not visible today because the value of money would have reduced. I am trying to explain to you in the form of some data, you should understand carefully. When demonetization happened, India was  There was 17-18 lakh crore cash in 18 lakh crore 17.96 this is the exact figure I think, guess around 18 lakh, you are ok, now 30 lakh crore cash. 12 lakh crore cash has been added in the last 6 years, cash with an average of 2 lakh crore cash is being added every year, that money is coming in and at this rate as it is now it is 30 lakh crore, so it can happen in a year.  For example, if the economy grows then it will cross 50 lakh crores in 6 years and even cross 50 lakh crores in this time. Due to inflation in the share market, which company has the pricing power?  We do n't have pricing power, we don't have any idea about it, will there be any margin road for that, should we invest money in share market but now is the time, it is real estate development. When you are taking loan, that money is not yours but it is percentage and I have 8:  I am getting 30, I am getting 8.1 but I am getting 8.25 depending on how much is mine, so this can never be a bad thing for me, the only thing is, friends, if my job is fine, I am a professional, my wife has an editing job.  So you can easily plan your leverage in the times to come. This state is going to do very well. You are on an optic path. Lot of family going times will go for smaller houses. Smaller units and will not stage a larger unit. Ok.  Hajj is one of my campaigns, anyway, I have another channel called Sangolife Sutra, you can watch the videos on it and many good comments also come and there is a campaign that Son and daughter-in-law should not live with periods. They should live in the adjacent house so that all the benefits are already playing out. I can clearly see the train but it will accelerate in the coming times. So right now these real assets are fine. Yes do invest.  In equity also but in HD in cash and keeping money in the form of money is of no use in the times to come. Keep an eye on inflation. Inflation is not going to disappear anywhere very soon. It may reduce now because of  Higher base rate is ok but it is not going to disappear anywhere so if you have you be smart it is like running on treadmill you stay at the same place if you keep running then incoming times it will become challenge really very fast this date is middle class Go on Ishwar history and middle class can avail it because they can get loans, I have not yet got formal income, take more class today and they are not able to give results.  You should leverage the earning and science to make it comfortable and give Kant Catapult now. The earnings of the middle class are rising so greatly but please it is everything is in informal way you can get loans here. Loan rates are very high these classes are catching up.  Today if the middle class dajunt has good leverage and dajunt get into real assets which will become very difficult for this people too Acquire this they will merge with d lower class lower class will become lower middle class and middle middle and middle class everywhere will collapse you are middle class and there will be a big lower middle class in d country this is what time is saying you have  Protect So What Happens There Are Time Spent Me Salary Is Not Increasing Cre Times In My Income Is Not Increasing  I am stuck with 1.5 lakh income and 1.4 lakh but it is coming in un formal way. I have bank account there history date is un civil score I can leverage it because if you just put 5000 20000 in SIP you are not becoming rich.  In 3 years you are boy 20 In this people give a figure 20 years you know what  Inflation is so ufafalation is 789% and another thing is going to get 10 11 12% + 1 2 3% only it is not something great if you understand and the informal sector which is this one is going to get it then your advantage is the most  What is the date you can tell me to leverage it for the middle class, I am giving clarity to the lower class and the audience which is  It's like please start putting your money in the bank take start having a financial history ok adervise you will never be able you will keep roaming around with money in hand you will keep putting it under the bed somewhere this will create a lot of development this money which I you guys  The demon of inflation is on the move, it is destroying them like termites, so the advice to them too is to reduce the distance, brother, use your leverage, take things real. Stay in assets and tell papa and mom also to reduce the game of FT HD because you are getting full HD on 665, it will turn into dust at 775, you will not get anything in 80s for that ₹ 20 lakhs.  That HD is giving you ₹ 10000 per month, 6% is fine and many people get less than that, the interest rates in banks will also reduce in the future due to inflation.  Already is reducing money to -3% because nine percent I told in North India is already -3 for sir shot so it will make sense for this people also you get in assets giantly Vidya next generation because without 2030 lakhs actually  On a big asset date is also not so you can combine your resources and money with the next generation and  Make assets which are giving cash flows in terms of rent because you are not only capital appreciation happens but also rental comes in a cash flow and matter when it is rent is it good to invest in mutual fund or it has to be done  Be never you and among you, I will follow me please type this device, if 1020 people will follow it then it will be full. Happy you understood it well and you will follow it ok so please type thank you very much