Hello friends, there is a lot of discussion on the budget. There is a lot of discussion on two things, why did this happen and what will happen next? What does the government want? These two things are, Yes, long term capital gains tax on financial assets should be banned.  If financial assets are at 12.5, then long term capital gains tax is at 10. For equity held more than one year in share market, which has been at 10. Increased to 12.5 by the government Short term capital gains tax has also been increased from 15 to 20 and indexation cost has been removed from the capital gains calculation of real estate and it has been reduced from 20 to 12.5 so this has happened as will  Very Bad Some Will Say, Don't Know Some Bad Will Say  Sano Ki But You Have To Realize As Smart Investors As Youth As People Who Have To Live A Life And Live Here Earn Invest And Make Life Worth It Is Okay Money Wise Have Security Of Life Why This Happened So You Have To Understand Like I  In the first video, I had explained that in the bank and you people must have seen my videos, the first one was on a different channel, Sango Real Estate, then in the live, I had told about the issues of bank deposits.  What was happening was that people had stopped depositing money in banks, everyone was depositing money in mutual funds, so it is necessary to give a little shock to the government. The government cannot come in control exactly but it has to be disincentivized because now if the tax keeps increasing then many  People will say let's do FD, we will not get into the good and bad of it, what is happening is that the valuation of the market gets stretched out.  The capital of the stock market is 1.3 times the GDP i.e. at 130 and if people keep investing money in the market then will the profits of the companies be increasing so much? If there is a bubble in the market and there is a crash, then  People will suffer even more. Right now you are suffering only by 100%, so a little correction in the market, a little steam coming out, putting four drops of water on a little hot pan like this is the job of the government from time to time. Yes and maybe in future it will not stop at 12:30, it will slowly go in the direction of 15 173 20 25 30. What else is there in real estate? In real estate, the government is saying that you have bought a house, buy a good house, buy a good place. What is the need to trade again and again? Every time I bought it and sold it. Under construction for two years, one year, 3 years, 4 years. Bought it and sold it again and again. What is the profit? No, there is no gain. So if you sell it, then the gain is with you only, eat all the rental income, eat it on cash flow and in that also on rent, the government has added a new thing that the common man who used to work can consider rent as his income.  He had to show only end tax, the businessmen used to show it separately and take the expenses from him, by showing the business income in such a way that now that too has level playing field for the common man. Many a times, what good has the government done for us? Look, we are going to cry. What is the middle class? What is the middle class? Mostly salaried class. For you, level flying peed has also been given. Other wise, we don't know the good that it could have done. Comparatively, if your  If there is rent from property, then the rental income will be calculated from the house only, it will be a different calculation, which was happening anyway, it is not making any difference to the salaried people but that of the business people.  If there used to be a separate shana panti, then many things have been good. Look at the direction of the government. Brother, even if the government does not have indexation, if we invest up to Rs 2 crore then the capital gain is adjusted. Now people will say no, this used to happen earlier too.  Yes, this used to happen earlier also, it happens even now, so there is no difference, if you want to own a property, if I do n't want to buy a property, then there are REC bonds, yes, up to Rs 50 lakh, if you have two.  People can have property in their name worth up to Rs 1 crore, but if I don't want to do it there, then I will have to pay tax. If I bought a plot worth Rs 10 lakh, it becomes worth Rs 1.5 crore, so I will have to pay something too.  If the government wants to stay in the country, then all of them should be like this, no profit, no giving to me, brother, this is the rule, this country will run like this, it will keep expanding beyond this, then what will you do, I am saying that you will show displeasure with one party and the next.  They will take the tax, then what will you do and will you increase it, won't you? I will go somewhere outside, then there is no tax, is n't it? I have heard that there is no tax in Dubai, so there is no tax on income, so there is no tax on income. Do you want to go to Dubai like this?  You will start earning money, if you are so smart, then who is stopping you? Go away, you will go out later, you will go out, it is not so easy, I also say that you should go out, do your job, get exposure, earn money in India.  Invest in anger, what is there to show, it is like something happened at home, father and mother have done it, I will go out, it is not easy, it is not easy to go this far, every child feels like this, even 23-24 year olds feel that they are interrupting me so much.  Yes, I should just go out, go again and laugh, after that we can't go. What we have to understand is that we can go, everyone can't go and only we can't go. You have to.  Understand that this is how it is, it is not that it is only for you, see, there may be crying in reservation, it is for everything, it is not for someone, he is crying, which is justified and whoever is getting it, then come on me.  I am getting it because I have been oppressed for 5000 years, my caste is a different story but here the tax is equal and where there is no arbitrage.  It happens there that the government also imposes taxes so that it does not happen that only these people get benefited and only these people suffer losses, gradually all the plug gaps have to be plugged, it keeps happening, so now we will have to cut these things in retirement planning. Syllabus One  The times have changed, just like every time someone's syllabus changes, the pattern of any exam changes, multiple choice used to cost four, now it will cost five, now with the addition of five, the difficulty increases.  Because you have increased the choice too much, the paper becomes difficult. The paper was A B C D, now it is A B C D E, but has it happened for you alone, has it happened for all of you, then enjoying wealth creation and taking happiness in life is also quite relative if  The system is equal for everyone and if it is from tax, then brother, it is okay, everyone will have to pay, in this, Mukesh Ambani will not have to pay, everyone will have to pay, no, he is rich, he has the benefit of corporate, that is a subject of separate discussion. How much struggle do you have to go through in it, at some stage you have to do business after putting on your wife's jewellery, and that too is your own struggle and journey and no one has stopped you for that too. Many people say that after the budget,  If there is fun for the poor, then the message for them is that what qualification is required to become poor? Become poor, you yourself, come out of yourself, if you are a gangster, you do not earn money, speak for yourself, I am poor, I have nothing because I do n't have anything.  your card  Make a ward, make your ration card etc. and take all the rations, take Ayushman Bharat, whatever facilities are there, take all the facilities in PM's residence, become poor, middle class, it seems difficult to become rich but to become poor, just stop earning, so tax will not go, but if you say this then  Beda is an example, Beda is an example, so are you crying with that Beda or not, are they having fun, have fun too, it feels bad but this is how.  It is that whenever the child does not know how to ride a bicycle, it is the father who is supposed to do so. Here in this case, we put the government. If the father is the father, then if the child does not know how to ride a bicycle, then they hold the handle behind him and run away. But the moment he knows how to ride a bicycle,  If you had left the ride, he is riding a bicycle. Now if you run after him, he is the one who needs the support. If not your father, do you remember when you used to ride a bicycle in your childhood? You would have fitted one or two tires in such a way that they looked like two supporting ones.  Then gradually one would move away and then the other one would also move away. Call him a crutch, it is okay in a way, then he would move away. Learn your bicycle, if no one ran behind you, then when you got the idea to ride in the middle.  And if that sound was not heard then means you could balance it then slowly someone would remove it. This is the government. Government will only support the lower ones and will not support the upper ones. The upper ones have to provide for them. Sells yes it.  Feels a little bit bad It's something like there are three children in a family, you are the middle child, you are not being taken care of as much but you have to contribute, it is a matter of pain and there is one child who you feel is not doing enough.  But this is how it is, this is not why people used to separate, many times you know nuclear families and they used to be that we are earning, everything is being divided for us, why should mine be given to him? Earlier, there used to be socialism in the families and everything used to work, now here it is done in the form of tax, so it is a matter of pain but what do you do, do you have a choice of becoming poor or is it one brother of the elder brother who  He is very rich, he doesn't care, take some of his, take a little more, take it, his income is only this much, his life is going on differently from him, even his father is happy with him, everyone is happy, he has no tension in his life.  i you  There is tension, you feel that you too may become poor. The poor who have come out of poverty do not want to go back into poverty by any means, but they see the poor having fun. The poor are not worried about what their child will become, because whatever their child will become.  If he does better then he has no tension in life but the middle class has tension that his child should not become poor because his child is also not doing anything. Internet has given a level playing feed. What used to happen earlier?  30 years ago, you took brilliant tutorial for your child, even a poor child could not take brilliant tutorial, even at that time the price of that course was Rs 5000, 6000, 7000, which many people could not afford. I am talking about 30 years back.  So you had an advantage becoming a middle class kid you could get access to certain coaching and certain stuff and you could  Excel in life but over a period of time. Now this level playing field has come. That is Khan Sir. Some get courses cheaply for 7 or 100 thousand or some get knowledge from mobile and not all of them can take it.  That population itself is so huge that even if one out of 10,000 is selected, then brother, those people are 10 crores, so only their children will take away all the things, so being middle class, the advantage is not much, it is not relative. Advantage because every body has got an access, so those were the inherent advantages of middle class, people of lower class used to call people of middle class as Sahib, if you remember or used to talk politely, used to give some respect, that thing also. You must have seen that it is going away in the society and it used to be like an entitlement nowadays, the people of that time were in their 30s and 40s, 30 years ago and now they are  Even in their 60s and 70s, that sense of entitlement has not gone. They do n't know that the country is changing outside. How do you talk to a Swiggy Zomato guy. How do you talk to people. You know that the state of society has changed completely.  It's a change for the good. There was always such equality in the outside countries, now we are facing a lot of problem in digesting it. We are richer than money.  We are not getting respect, we are not even getting it and another problem of the middle class is that we are educated. There is no such education, it seems like we are educated, then what is the big thing if we are educated, it seems like this. You have done a lot of education, you have done a lot of rum, so you have done it, you have studied, it is okay that someone is earning more money than you by studying less, this was again that old entitlement somewhere that which Will do degrees. In 1960, in 1970, if only one could get a job then education was a big thing. Today education is not a big thing. Everyone gets access to all degrees and such education is not great. If it was great then you would have earned money.  Hi Rahe Hote So What I Wanted To Bring Through This Video Was Stop Crying Corona Is Not A Choice See What The  Government is doing and which direction we are heading apply brace if lot of houses will come in PM Awas 10 lakh crore has been given then brother look at the price of cement look at the share price look at the prices of steel look at other things which are associated you money  Can Earn Lower Class Still Don't Have A Clue To Invest In Stock Market How To Study A Balance Sheets How To Study  Charts how to invest or they don't have that much knowledge so middle class you stop crying and start studying start learning things just by making money from job and the same IP will not work is the message this is what government is trying to tell that too  It Will Become Difficult to Earn Money and Invest It and Earn More and Then Become Rich That Hurdle Feed Will Keep Coming That You Extra Pollet  If you can't, then that's it, this paper is out, you have to prepare accordingly, now those who want to join webinar groups, want to join directly and are not yet connected, then they can take membership of the channel for clarity and many videos are included in it.  Mental models are included, basic things about stock market are explained, there are many more webinars and recordings which you can learn and monetize that knowledge in a short time.  If you can become a walking consultant then that is also an option. If you have to do exercise then please share this video. Like this video. You will get membership of the channel by pressing the join button. You will get to learn mental models. The world will get a way to learn. We cannot change the world. That much, but in the world it is, it is something like who is distributing the cards and it is not in your hands, the government distributes them, but you have to know how to play whatever hand you get.  You need to know how to play good cards, you need to know bad ones, you must know how to play if you want to be a good player, that is the only thing in your hand, you can't decide what cards you will get, will keep changing, changing things will keep on giving surprises, so understand.  That this will happen in the future also, Governments will run out of ideas, they will keep taxing, keep taxing and poverty and inequality will continue, give me today I don't feel ashamed at all while saying this, I always say that this channel is not for the poor, many people think that my channel is for the middle class, but they talk a lot about income equality. There is equality in the mind also, it is thought.  There is equality, why don't we talk about it? Some people are poor, they also have a choice to come up, habits also make them poor, sometimes you are poor, but your habits make you poor.  There are many people who have come from poor to middle class. We always listen to the stories of poor people because they are rare rags to riches and we celebrate that too but we do not celebrate the rags in it, we only celebrate the rags to riches.  No one celebrates what is going on in the streets but there are a lot of stories where people have become middle class from lower class and there are many people who are listening to me.  And you are from the middle class, your previous generation may have been lower class or before that, definitely the whole of India was lower class, the whole of India was poor, so this journey has been a lot but what is the problem in this journey, reverse gear.  It seems that in many houses you are in reverse gear, you are thinking that it is not going ahead, the matter has reached the father's middle class and now the child is feeling that he will not survive even in the middle class, so this is a matter of pain, I am acknowledging this. Yes, but I will definitely give this clarity through my videos that I like what you get and get what you like. If you can't get what you like, you will have to like what you get, so whatever you get in it, see what in it.  What is the Maximum You Can Make Out of It and Where You Can Still Have the Middle Class Advantages You Middle Class Still Has a Financial History What is  What is financial history? What does money come from? Where does it come from? How much does it come? Is it in the organized sector? If you have a history of money then you can take a loan. You can create assets and use leverage. That access is still not too late for the lower class to use that advantage.  And a lot of people are not using that advantage Even an auto rickshaw driver can open a SIP of Rs 5000 What's so great in it  5 SIP of 100 Haj can even open your maid who is working in six rooms What is so great in it What will distinguish between you and them Which is the lower class and I am addressing the middle classes You are able to sum  How to Buy a Housing Unit and I'm Talking to the Youngsters Somehow, if they are unable to buy a housing unit in their big city, they may be able to buy one in a small town.  If you are not able to get 1.5 BH of BH in some outside city then brother, increase the source of rental income from somewhere. Whatever happens, do not spend money on marriage, people say no, we marry only once, no one.  It is not necessary, the first thing is to do it once and the second thing is that if you take it home then the marriage will last. Do not go to the wedding function. Marriage is not wedding. She has got married in Haryana. Marriage is marriage. Wedding is fine.  This is a function, do not concentrate too much on the function, that is a four-hour function, nowadays no one has time to attend because all the weddings can't be done, like Anant Amani's Na sabko nya diya, sab aaye, that much money is spent.  People Are Not Very Interested in Reaching Out If those who are from far and wide then this is the message. Understand where the government wants to take you and it.  It is very clear where they are heading they will keep taxing the middle class you will have to accept it and work and rework your goals and there is no choice but to keep earning I am not using the word working no how will you earn without working c  One Work Which We Associate Is the Job One But There Are Other Things Also Which You Can Do  Which you are only doing, videos will be made on that too if you want and a very good data has come out on the Economic Survey on that, it will also give clarity. Which is not about jobs but some other word, which is will be the future.  Now I hope that you people would like to see and hear that thing too, so please write in the comment section that we want to know the nature of jobs, what is going to happen.  Because as a youth you will know if you are engaged, that too will change. The nature of job is going to change, so if you want a video on that then you must write in the comment section, like, share. Thank you very much.