Hello I am Vishal Kalra with you 2024 has started once again We got a chance to talk Amit From Sangwan ji whom you know on this Clarity for Sango Life Sutra Sango simple astrology in the name of youth Sango real Like Estate and Guruji and Gurugram You know the names of the channels and this time When we meet there is something special to discuss The last time we met This time it was about jobs and career. The thing is that if you earn money, you will save it How to invest it and most big thing in the last few years Today we will discuss someone's name. Our aim is to take or humiliate someone No, the aim is only on those concepts. Discussing and this concept really works for you Amit, let me know if it is or not. Does anyone take Sangwan ji's permission? Disclaimer if you want to give it Amit ji can give and then we do it No starter no disclaimer so No because I never I take name of something on the channel or something If I tell you, my main work is only education. It remains the same and I don't promote any app. I don't do any I don't promote Anything is not anyone's collab system. Whatever is there means it is mine, so I No disclaimer needed like the rest not only You will have to do it because I told you something about the disclaimer The need arises when you say this. Better buy this stock or get this app Either take this life insurance or this Take the product when you are not even talking So what is the disclaimer, is this his work ok? There are many people who are already ready to do it. make big claims and those claims It is very important to know the truth when you first If you listen to those claims a few times, you will definitely Looks fine and the first of those claims Recently I am talking about mutual funds. Video of a big financial influence Was looking at who says 00's Starting with investment you will get Rs 40 crores. They will deliver something like this to Influence which is in the name of mutual funds But they claim that if you do SIP today Get started and become a millionaire in 10 years will give and many of us These are the people investing money in mutual funds Thinking that if in the coming 10 122 years He got so much return that he definitely became a millionaire. ok then look at it simple There used to be an old story that 64 in chess Squires are a man to the king He goes and tells me one on the first one. Give Dana a square in the other one. If you do it and increase it by doing something like this, then that The treasure of the whole world falls short Story of compounding is ok that story Compounding is considered a wonder of the world. By showing our people and these things waste I have been beaten 00 years ago But our country is worth Rs 144 crores and now this Things feel like oh my god this What a wonder what is happening means this will happen The question is, who is spreading that rash? So you tried compounding it. I would like to explain as he says Just fold the paper once. This much will be done if you do it the second time. If you do this 32 times, you will reach the moon If you can't fold then this moon How can I tell you how you are reaching me Any man would want his salary it is minus expense i am sorry income is minus Expenditures equal to savings There is a formula, he said that formula that these are your savings, you should invest them like this Keep going and keep posting like this and then you Will reach here a little Practical problem missed practical What is the problem as soon as you dial 0000 The salary is yours and you spent Rs 203 thousand Has it been done or is it worth Rs 60,70,800 thousand? You have spent some money and 10 20 25 30 You are giving trouble to the thousand people who saved you. I am on 40 crores whenever I can but in that The problem is a practical problem Because I am my channel and all my things It is practical and these are practical things Explaining doesn't sound very sexy and understand. Now friend, did you not enjoy us? burst the balloon now that he If you do a job, then after the job you will buy a car again. would like to take because his family Didn't have a car and always went on a scooter Was it mom or dad and after doing that, as soon as If he wants to take it then these people say car Don't want to take it, have to run it till Rs 40 crores Then beyond that 500 Hajj video drive ahead Shouldn't take Ube Rola I don't take it Firstly, if you have further questions, Whenever you ask a question and these influencers One of the biggest you may have seen I it I do it, I did it, I do it like this They will slowly reveal his pole type too. But the biggest thing is that if he If he doesn't take it then it's okay then his sister's wedding. Isn't father's help in sister's marriage also? Don't do anything, don't do anything even for your marriage. Don't do anything like that, he will break the bank it's a piggy bank basically they are saying that this There is a piggy bank, keep adding to it, this much will be enough. If you go then the math formulas are correct but In real life, after saving, they spend it. I will definitely do it and I will get married again. Which one will save money on honeymoon? So the one worth Rs 40 crore is going on, so who is going to do it now? That credit will be so great. The card system is the plane's ticket book. I want to wear good clothes sometimes Not wearing shoes but good mobile in life. If he didn't take it then why was he doing that work? Of mutual fund to make 40 crores so that they can get it from there at 2 To calculate expense ratio and You should get that advertising money. Want to see fair and lovely or someone If you want to make your face fair then first you will be told that you What are the benefits of being fair if you are not fair? what happens is good then this this that People are like okay mathematically that thing is true But practically that piggy bank is yours 150 times. You will break that 150, maybe one and a quarter percent Tell me again, you are wasting it. If you break it 25 times then you have to break it again. Rent When You Have Savings If you are doing it then the rent is going from your account. When you rent, you will also buy furniture. You will buy TV, fridge, AC and all the things. If you buy then from which account is it coming out? The matter is whether they are saying this or not old age and retirement in between If the child's school fees will be hefty then tell me Don't marry now because I'm straight I went there neither to marry nor to have children. Don't buy a car for your sister's wedding. What has happened to us, what are we born for? To 40 crores in mutual fund When the piggy bank was born, it broke. if there is then there is no need to reach there because in that Then there are so many fans, this one is not the first one. fungibility Such a thing, come and tell the truth brother mutual fund Don't put money in don't put even a single rupee in There is something better than that, give me two or two and a half layers. Brokers give you expense ratio of half one. The goes through if its taken through You can own the same stocks through ETFs I won't pay a penny to keep you there If you don't tell me, tell me on 2 I will do CAGR of these for 20 years Compound Interest 1.02 to the Power of 20 If I apply the formula then paisa brokerage at 60 I am going if give my one crore if My one crore is becoming 5 crores and then 4 In a case worth crores, these people took 60% of it How much more are we going, it seems like only two percent. This is for example, I will tell you this very It should be clear I told you the plot I am a real estate broker You bought a plot worth Rs 1 crore from me Gave commission of Rs 2 lakh on one let Real estate is made in their parlours I will accept Rs. 2 lakhs, you said thank you You are a very good deal. Hello. I knock knock after a year I said Kalra Yes, give me two and a half lakh rupees, what will you say for what? I said, your plot is worth Rs 1.25 crore. It has become a crore. Yes, yes, I said. Give it to me, I gave it to you earlier. When you took me last year Said no, it has to be taken every year but every year I have to give it, you say, friend, this big fool, go away then I took a gun to the bar Because I told some stories like this Gave one lakh and next year he gave one crore again. Suppose it's done, the plot has reduced and fallen. I'm back again, knock knock, Rs 2 lakh every year Mutual fund people will take money as per their wish. If you take it for increased or decreased corpus, then the age will be long. give can Insure that your money is stage with that Mutual Funds That Industry Will Keep Making money when they keep being so stupid If you have then it would be better to just buy MC shares. Take it because that's what is growing, you see this HDFC MC share in last six months Where did it go because these people are mutual funds That's right, the market will go up, right? The economy will go up and the age will go long. If people are buying mutual funds Mutual fund AMC will definitely make money Will earn because they earn on 2 Some are earning only one and a half, others are earning a quarter. Some two, some two and a half expense ratio game If yes, then this is the work of financial influence. Because they also talk about them Now you were saying this, tell me the disclaimer. My disclaimer is not because This doesn't start with any video Video spawned by no this video spawned by me Only someone from outside bye this is bye now I Not taking the name exactly of those products pit ap this p this spawn serd by this to The thing that is their underline is the thing. will come forward and promote it if you go to a Barbaric and Ask Him for a Hair Cut Do you ever want to say no, brother? You will ask your wife, you will ask your friend, I don't want to cut my hair or cut it again and again. Will say yes even with one and a half hairs on head You are roaming around, you are a total, that will also say sir Make it even, a little bit will be fine This is like this so those dreams are necessary that you will get here they haven't If you reach then you will know the age after 20 years. Long age subs come into mutual funds No one is stopping the equity market Market economy money will go to mutual Why don't you say this poll about the fund? What is the expense ratio in 20 years? Someone please tell me this simple thing If someone bought one lakh from lets in 2003 put into a mutual fund a mutual fund and its value is 10 lakhs today Okay, so out of that 10 lakhs, that mutual Just how much money did the fund take? After doing calculations, they show it on Excel. Just show me this and what else? Didn't take it, we managed you, you What do you mean by management? 6000 total shares. Buy from those listed only. Their definition of buying is 500 The market cap of the stocks should be that much The promoter holding should be this much There should be corporate governance and If we filter out 500 stocks There are three to four to 5000 mutual funds running. He is buying only a commission of 500 stocks. How much are you buying 70 80 90 100 If you buy stock then you will be very arrogant. Even after doing that, if someone buys it, it will still be the same. Return If you get this this this this was these things also Brother, you should also come along and tell me this thing: Apart from mutual funds, you can also buy You can also learn your own portfolio You can also make a small addition to this It is important to mention that mutual funds Not wrong but in the name of mutual fund The dreams that are being shown, the dreams that are being sold Crores are going away, that's wrong C if you talk practically na if a lot Go for technical only, that's what I would say. Even dreams are not wrong for example Should I tell you Vishal ji you can do 150 setups daily Beat your six pack pup in a year and a half Will go and eat, it's okay now in isolation Gave advice but did not tell here that food I have to eat well, I don't even drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes I don't even drink or eat fat, I am not healthy either You have to be careful that you have time from your job too. All work needs to be done in isolation So you told me that absolutely correct thing. Do you do pushups every day or do you go to gym for one and a half hour? Go, there will be some improvement, right? Who said no? Of course I will. I tell you to run every day, walk every day, do this, that. Do it but the question is what can you do? What will you be able to do? If you can do it, then you can do it with math. I am not saying that the formula is wrong. Because you are showing it on Excel only. If there is any figure then you are not saying anything wrong when you Will you put something in excel and plus 1 p 08 to The power is this and that answer is a little wrong. If it is wrong then they are saying it is right SIP The calculator is correct the question is whether there Are So Many Other Factors Playing Out Salt nighs in life such as your actual Can't make requirements like someone Tell the woman that you will remain beautiful like this And your body will never be shapeless So that means you are saying that Will not get pregnant or marry This means either you do it like this or do it now People are feeling confused about it let's start, told, told It's better than not doing it, but everything Make people aware about things like I did Told one small thing that bha mutual fund If you put the stock in the market then the stock You can put it in the market anyway. Whichever mutual fund you are investing in By visiting any site, I will give you very good news. Let me tell you a technique, 10 top mutuals Those top performers are performing the fund Mutual Fund's Stock Holdings Look at everyone's top 15-20 holdings. Write down the common one out of 10. holdings are take those 15 shares So do it yourself it's done naa then give it to me on 2 I didn't have all those stocks anyway. So I can go and buy it anyway. I can go and buy it, I don't have it anymore We change a lot, we change a lot Hey, who is churning? It's a good thing anyway. No brother, I have 70 mutual funds. If I buy stocks next year my five Six new entrants will be four or five performers. I would rather go out than index If I buy the fund then Nifty is mine. 50 If its an index fund then the stocks which India performs well and is the best that those who are bad enter into it We perform and some issue comes out. If I leave, I don't mind that too. Don't put at least my expense ratio. So it's F and it's better if I do the same thing Should I buy Rept in ETF form? So much of these same banks and funds ETFs are also running and they are exchange traded. Fund Nifty 50 Mid Cap 100 Whatever I want to enter small cap market Nifty sus in mid cap in large cap in I should buy more ETFs there. My expense ratio is below 05. will go and I sat down with my Don't spend the year unnecessarily To trade or to do nothing but to pay tax The rule is the same beyond that and the same above that. if yes then this is not telling this product Because no one benefits from this no one benefits from the system Because the brokerage house where you Will buy it in the form of stocks I bought it once and now it is being sold. If not then only you will see the financial results. Also take the newspaper and watch the channel bye bye Target This Target Has to Be There Because Every Time If You Won't Sell How Will I Make Money If You Keep Holding On To Asian Paints and ADAC You will have to give a target to the bank, right? 1689 target 1900 means from 1900 to 2300 Will never go and which I sell at 19 100 I will give it again then next we will tell which one want to buy then buy this sell this then When the market fell, everything fell again. After that it will start again Money Control or on any site or wherever Go there, there are research reports. You will start laughing research report first Target given was 1600 and 1600 buy sell 1900 now it has fallen now it is 1400 They are giving target 1600 now that new research The report is based on 10 daily research reports. Something must be true, brother! I also do astrology work in the morning. Come and make 100 predictions, something will come true. There will be an event, I am sure it will happen Vishal ji next six months will be very special for you It will be good then someone will come and say a lot One will go bad, one will say no, some will go well, some will go fine Then your life will be true I and other telegram groups have created so many people Have created three telegram groups beyond that put two or three different types of people in it beyond ok means different types of Hajj 4000 People do it and the same stock is sold in three different ways. Tell me the direction, it will grow one by one. Will it be the same, hold it in two or sell it in one more Something will happen that will make it right put something in it again and then again in it again Create more and then put more in this mutual fund. Brother, someone should ask, if the stocks are only 500 If you want to buy then why did you create a fund of Rs 4000? Keep it and reset it again and Only the results of the last three years are shown 15 Mutual funds showing yearly results There is not much otherwise should be done if fund Why do I have so many mutual funds? so that I can improve my performance I can show it at some point in time Of some fund or this one, see this one So you didn't spoil it that much, then whoever spoils it stop talking about it Then make a new lunch, make a new lunch again! Count and tell me, one in every fund house. There should be something large cap and mid cap. One Small Cap One Hybrid One Date One One Mix small of two or four and then count by 10. There should not be more than 100 funds If you build a house then it will not be more than Haj fund. You should cross your limits, you don't know this. Count 100 thousand only one fund made of it Keep the star mutual fund performer under control Many remain, either one of them If you become a star then it's just like that Man learns nothing from this, you and me Tell me if a fund in the last three years It was very good so should I take it? He must have done well, so The story may have been played out. The time has come for the one who did not do well Because of doing good which PSU banks and PSU companies in the last one and a half year Returns have been given, ok, take IRFC. Have you just run away or the company means take NMDC take anything, take the power grade of the government Take the dividend, take a look at NHPC. In the last two-three years, no Take the company, generally he gave Navratan etc. If you have given amazing returns in a year then these are This is something many mutual fund people miss. Those who were sitting with this two years ago are gone now More mutual funds perform better were not performing now they are performing Now that there is so much run up I would say This is the best performing mutual fund If I buy it now, will it be available now? Is it a government company that has run up so much? It will run up further because it Looks like sugarcane juice has run out Because if everything grows up Things should go to the moon, but not to the moon. We know that even trees do not reach the moon. If it goes, there is something or the other. Where is the control, where is the learning? So this is it next tell me ok The next one is about mutual funds. The concept is that of financial freedom. Concept and concept of early retirement There are many videos that claim that Will retire you at the age of 40 at 35 even at 30 There are many retirement videos which Claim that at the age of 20 you Start planning to retire in 30 years You will have funds worth so many crores. Another concept of financial freedom If explained, early retirement and Financial freedom to both of them if we Club it and see what is the truth behind it There is so much talk about early retirement. why happen I play a game that's a little dark There will be humor, there will be dark comedy but only that. You will be able to understand below the example, I too am fine. I will get it for you now at the age of 40 I will get it. Have you seen the animal picture? Ranveer wali Look, tell me, is that last scene in it, Anil? Kapoor says yes yes something like this If you want to say, Papa, Papa, if you want to say it like this then Now I will do some acting for you, yes sir I have to say yes sir, it's okay in the middle and this Let your subscribers know for a lifetime will go because other wise will explain with love I won't understand if I explain it like this It's okay for someone to feel pain, but that pain We'll sort it out later but I I want to tell you that this is other wise not this There is no other man, he is a ghost, he cannot drive away the ghost. It will come down but you have to say yes sir yes sir ok ok let's start vishal g40 Sal wants freedom yes Sir you want freedom from the daily grind That you want freedom from being stuck in such a situation want to live a life in which you No one may be able to hear anything but you are the world's Tell me, do you want to live this life for 40 years? You want a life at the age of You don't have to worry about finances Something or someone is moving on its own. Program you are not taking tension such a life Want to live Vishal ji tell me do well Do you want such a life of your own choice When you can have your own routine as per your choice You can watch Tuff whenever you want and talk to whomever you want on the phone. talk dirty to someone or talk nice Do it, be happy, you want such a life Tell me yes sir, everyone wants Vishal Kalra. Yes, you will have to become a middle class housewife. Because of this his life is going on like this Is he happy or not? Ask any middle man. From class housewife to all middle class Housewife 40 42 45 years old who is listening I'm sorry I took your example but The fact is that even you are not happy but come on So this is what has happened in life, isn't it? Youngsters have to become middle class housewives That situation is what the husband wants from home. Went out, don't go in traffic, middle Children went to school in class housewife Jhadu Pocha is available in the house the whole day. Middle class housewife does not do utensils In many homes there is difficulty in cooking There is no tension about money, the man is kept one You have outsourced it to earn money, right? The work is fine, that's that, if I am middle If you are a class housewife then I would talk like this We have hired boys to do this work It's okay to earn money, how much do you bring? Good outsourcing, but it will feel bad What I'm Saying They're Also Not Happy So How Do You Think That Others Will Reach That stage will be happy in life Fulfillment is not required for a middle class wife. Why is she frustrated because she studied? It is written that he did not get a so called chance. Still not getting fulfillment of what to do I don't know, I don't know why society has told me not to do anything. Why is it so hugely sized? Because if you have done it, then I am telling you No, the middle class housewife is not happy. also so called is not doing anything or the one who So Called Something Is Clapping Her Not getting it and I'm talking about a section from one class above to below then there are many houses Jada works but is above a class Not actually physically middle class wives She works and worries about her husband. Property mother-in-law worried about children's future Father-in-law will take care of the politics of the house So he filled his vacuum so I am here I am telling you that it is wrong to dream like this Because you can never be empty If someone is into this thing then you are the one Go to Goa, you can afford everything, right? Go anywhere and live there and you will see that Will you be able to stay more than 20 days? The sea is coming, that is the wind, that is someone's beer That sounds like a lot. Because your present is so so wasted you are wandering thirsty in the desert So you can't think of anything except water water water water water then you will find someone there Oasis will keep showing, Mirage will keep showing There is water behind it, it is shining on the sand. He is not there and you are running like this and You are thinking water water but if I Let me give you water in normal settings Give me Coca Cola, give me juice, give me sugarcane juice Give me oranges, give me everything, you are not No longer interested because your that your It's close to me, so children, these days they are so busy. are the bosses in their jobs, they think it's Don't know if there will be financial freedom What will happen to me? What do I really need? To Do Is Think About Why They're In That Toxic Job Address That Problem Is An Easier Option Immediate Option Because If You Work Towards Financial Freedom Your Life That freedom will go away in 10, 15, 20 years. Found me or not, you are like this, you are like this And when you feel there is financial If you get freedom, it is in this system that you get it. Will those who increase the syllabus come? Someone will get me a car and I will get married. Baby you say no I'm financial I want to be free, I don't want to get married. Don't do it as a child, don't do it to me. This is a different concept and every The people sitting in the market should be alert and sensible Everyone who wakes up has opened their stalls. If you don't want to do this then it's fine with me Confirmation bass end to validate All these people are Vishal Kalra ji I will not blame anyone too much Tell you why people don't like this Such demand of people making and There is a requirement that people listen and do all this if you want this then you are just saying it Let's go it's something like that someone If you want to eat golgappa then go to golgappa shop. exists and they come it is Not that this golgappa shop is open That's why people want to eat Golgappa and You attack the golgappa vendors or you It is open and you are tricking dirty water. Giving drink is spoiling people's health People want to eat ready food so The radio is open The radio is open That's why people don't want to eat ready food You understand it's very easy to blame the Influence the people people want to hear Tell it the day people don't want to hear it. It will happen automatically it is as simple as that People escape from the misery of their present life. Every person wants some story tell me that this should happen or this should happen Let it be like that all story tellers are working. If this is the man who has more because No one will come and tell you to work hard. Nothing happens like this, they will say that he is a negative man. Someone will come and tell the truth of life, it's not like this If you are going to be a negative person then when I tell that to people in India It's hard to explain and it's hard to fool If it is easy to make then do whatever is easy. Now this man will not be found by anyone. Now every man has brought out this thing, this truth. Will it make it easy for me or will it make it difficult for me? Tell me, every person would like to do easy work. What is your job of fooling Vishal ji? Making a fresh fool of me is much easier than that to I have made it convincing to be a fool Even after this the man does not accept that he has become mine No no not like that long term came Don't Require It Now I Can Keep It I am ready to keep it for 10 years Brother, he tells such stories. Nothing for you in three years or four years It didn't happen no I will hold it no no I don't need people, come fresh again People go buy this, buy that Futures with trading options will come Option people will come, I will talk about future option. Take 10 trades, seven-eight of them are mine One or two will be ruined, my normal one hit is gone I will take a screenshot of whatever gets hit okay and should I post it on my group the great Gyani ji, my brothers and sisters, this and this True because he is a hit but neither he nor I Don't show me where I'm ruined ok but I showed it and I come every day If I show you, come take my course I know the technique tell me if some one knows the Technique to happiness to money to Everything, brother, is in the Himalayas. You will surely become a millionaire by sitting here, right? Why do you have to sell the course to him? If I have a thousand and I want a lakh of thousand one lakh one crore one crore 100 crore Why will I require you Money, I will take it as mine because it is mine. knows algorithm trading Algorithm is all knowledge of my finance But I will come and show you selectively now. What is the intelligence in that and is a good man and intelligent and Call it manipulative or he comes in between something I also show my losses because People have asked how everyone will be then tell me again. Will give is very transparent so I three Let me do one good thing or show one bad thing. Brother, here I made money, here I am lame. Time's on Can Tell People's 60 to 70 getting it right i will get enough Followers My Actual Ratio Can Be 20 Only but I showed 60 70 100 If I show it, people will doubt that everyone is intelligent. If I show 20, no one will come. Show this selectively in the market at 60-70 Yes, but how much should you set aside for retirement? Funds will be required to calculate this The trend is that after 20 years from now, 25 After a year or after 30 years I will get retirement This calculation will require so many crores what practical calculations It is foolish to do this calculation in the first place. It's because you say this, I will definitely retire. No, now I tell you not to retire. It won't happen, how can it happen because the whole game is that you In mid bill job you are saying that you Calculate how to get out of this mess. I am saying this as a housewife who You have to give your husband a cold divorce. That friend in the blood, he doesn't have to live with this. He should also calculate how much is mine. What should be the cost? How much should I demand? By now he doesn't have that much money, otherwise Divorce is postponed, work harder and Shop around the house and work overtime, yes now this Well it has reached, so two mills on four crores. Will divorce put it is actually Something Like This Problem Is a Bad Marriage The problem is not calculation calculation kiss How can you say that What do people say about your expenses today? How much is it, then you calculate it and then multiply it by 4. But you can keep the type 100 times more if your If the expenditure is 1 lakh per month then it should be 400 times Gone are 4 crores if you have 4 crores Then you can retire like this, friend! You should quit your bad job tomorrow itself. And always keep working, where do you get such work from? Do as if you ever need retirement. If you don't want to do that then go and do someone's job. There is slavery in doing it but if you youtube3's son is born in his calculations What about the day when everything is complete and the grandson is born? Speaking of which, she just got pregnant Meaning there is no need to go out K Why would he work Why R Mukesh Ambani kids are working their quota a lot No matter how much I have accomplished before That housewife guy looks like a great example. I gave it because my friend was on that state The man is not happy even after going and the other one If I am giving the example of Mukesh Ambani No golden figure will stop you from working If we get freedom then the one who is sitting above that figure He should never work while the most he works why is he working Why is Elon Musk working with Bill Gates? And why is this your Mark Zucker working? These are these, tell me how much they cost. These 100 times are long past theirs. Why hasn't the work been completed? If I do then this is a very bad discussion I would say that this is the meaning of discussing this. It's not that simple, it's happening to people That a decision making comes I agree If I leave my work then the discussion will be There should be a topic for the video Money Required to Leave Your City job So the first thing that will happen is that you are In city job acknowledgment will be this or that Like it was a book like [ __ ] you money karke or It's okay to do something, brother, how much money? That I make everyone F U F U F U F U. If it's okay then he would have said the same thing. What do we do here if we feel ashamed? How good are you for retirement? Even before your employer can Heart attack will kill you in 46-44 years. Give So you don't need retirement, you just get up Those Sunny Dale dialogues are gone, they are gone now. Are you calculating retirement? This calculation itself is wrong, I must say this, life. In the One You're Batting You're Not Calculating how many runs I need to score Don't know how many runs per pitch If you tell me about retirement Then you tell me, I will sweep the floor myself. Utensil Will Requirement Goes Down You Tell me no, I am in a three bedroom house, not one. Will live in BHK Retirement Goes Down You Say I am someone's I am someone's one I will not give even a penny to my grandchildren Anywhere in this birthday function If the requirement goes down then check it out. How does it happen at that time, keep working and make money? Keep earning how can you tell me how Calculating Anything Will Help It If I Everyday If I keep climbing the weighing scale, my weight will increase. It will become less yes I require too You will have to do exercises on the monitor, right? You go and test me every day, and every day give me the result my exam from that My performance could be a little better We will have to study, I don't know. Require the Numbers and Some Ideas Where We Are heading to know the direction but you are a So what if you are following the direction and road? Will you stop and ask after every kilometer? How well am I doing now? How long will it take? Panchu, the entire focus is on learning. it is not pay, it is only on this calculation that Assume that this figure has arrived and that figure has arrived. Someone's father-in-law should say, son-in-law, you are bad. You are busy in a job, take this Rs 4 crore. Now you have got the figure you wanted. You will leave your job and then sit at home, father-in-law. You will become a slave of your heart, please perform the aarti, tell me. Meaning you have to have some of these videos also Should it be made after doing this calculation? give people a chance to get away from the midges You are distracting me, it's just me I will not mind this because the public Sometimes distraction is not necessary so how will you live I can't sleep in practical matters, right? it would make me sleepy It is not a good thing to take sleeping pills No, one should be able to sleep normally, but if someone If you can't sleep, the doctor gives you it. You tell me whether I am being given a sleeping pill or not Hey Amit ji, everything is going very wrong. If someone is not able to sleep then what now? They are being given sleeping pills It is not a good thing, one should sleep naturally. Have you ever felt stressed for some reason? If it comes into life then we accept it but all this You arrive like you are going to give sleeping pills. will go, this will happen, that will happen [music] The one concept that will go is this. It has been going on for the last several years that our house Don't try to buy, stay on rent and This is explained by doing a lot of calculations Don't even try to buy this car. Use Ola because money is available here There is a lot of wastage and also about the loan. It is explained not to even take a loan because It took you many years to repay this loan. Will go and compared to the principal If you are going to have a lot of interest then what is its truth this way calculate any other way to do it I tell him first of all Understand that I have seen many videos Made about this advice and against Understand why first on this advice This advice is coming This advice is coming That if money is not withdrawn from mutual fund then it will be on 2 Keep getting it every year because you got it from there program taken out somewhere Now the competition for SIP people is Zomato. He is talking to his relatives for 00 years. Boy eats girl on Zomato, that's what Just sip and don't eat because if you If you do this then it will become so much you understand net If it is suspected, with whom is Neff competing? you know most More Think this is very high order thinking. You will understand what the heading is from the example Even if I can compete Look at me so that your sleep is accompanied by 11 You didn't feel anything till o'clock at night. I have uprooted something in life, it's okay at 11 o'clock I will see something and I will understand something I will think now that I will reach there then I will be a I will watch the video of Financial Influence Now I will be motivated since finance Now that I have understood, I will rip it apart. I will tear down this approach, this is another wise house. Let me simply tell you that I can't Situation it will be like that in 22 23 years only get a house how to get a house in 22 2 Who doesn't start earning money then 4 Hajj I am so tired, where can I get a home? There will be no expense on marriage, get married soon. The girl's father should also give some money on the marriage. Don't spend extra money, don't go on honeymoon. I am not ashamed to speak at all spend no money on honeymoon because the work you do outside Yes, that work can be done somewhere else also when the wedding takes place. Go out for a walk when you can find each other Get bored of roaming around so much in the beginning While we were not bored of each other, we were married One should not travel anywhere for two years When two years have passed, they start ripening each other. If you go on a trip now, you will be able to go on a trip in two years. Spent the money, now go around and take the money too We are done cooking, now there is nothing left to do Then go to our marital consultant Just like those who take huge fees and loot So what am I trying to say Brother, how to spend the money? reverse the house you can buy you give If you cannot buy a house worth crores then buy one worth 40 lakhs Buy a house worth Rs 40 lakhs, you can't live in it So you give him rent and one and a half They are living on rent in a house worth crores. There's something about you from somewhere, there's something from your 40s It is increasing if it is increasing like gold, isn't it? Vishal ji, I say, you are 10 tola. Can't buy the set that I liked the design of You took your wife and she said 10 tola. And getting making charges of 7 lakhs You did it and went away, yes gold is increasing but If you want to make your wife happy then brother, if not If you can buy it, take it for less than three pounds. Take it, it's okay, I didn't get that much happiness, I admit it. No matter the issue, the asset class will increase. Have you taken anything? If I am worth one crore If someone can't buy a thing then can I 10 Can't even take lakhs and now you will say That No, you two or three, I will join in. I will give it to you, you tell me whether you have logic or not. Got that bank, hold any bank in my name We all know how much the banks do not take. Go to some bank you knock knock me one Why does your bank want crores of rupees? Don't want to buy shares of Rs. No such loan. I don't get it, it's not a loan Your own bank's money will be transferred to your bank. I don't believe it, I don't say it, that's why Give it and tell the property to the same bank person But he will give it to you just to pay the fees. Should give 80 per lateral for 20 per If he gives more then it means the bank also Believes that the financial system also believes that friend this is not foam, we are complete We have fun anytime, whatever the program may be. It is possible only because the risk factor is high. Has anyone tried this near banks? I say, Amit ji, you do it personally. Take loan at Rs 14 at higher interest rate at Rs 12 And share what you want with us If you don't tell us then personal loan is also a Don't give crores but give home loan Give because collateral for personal loan also If it is not possible, then take it up to Rs 10, 15, 20 lakhs. Without collateral but as soon as the case is a Is it worth crores then they ask Where is the collateral for your bank shares? I don't believe too much. Curry reached top level and some I Someone said this is for my learning. Said friend, come on, you are saying it, so let's do it. But we will consider 50 as 40 only. Where they consider real estate as 80 Not taking name in share quote of your bank Chahta Bank Top Banks Blue Chip Bank ok that too only 40-50 from my bank Then when you have paying capacity you can join them. I am hung up on your knowledge, your CIBIL is very good. If your background is high then it is just For the sake of argument or lying or you If you are a good customer then you are ready to give. In that also they will say sir, it is like this Apna de mat ka zara de mat ka ko lateral I will put it in He said he is putting full DT, it is fine with me 50 is being made then only he is ready to give. If there are, then everyone should know this The first thing is the second thing, yes Vishal ji, we are Will not discuss this matter Does marriage make financial sense or not? I can't live without a home these days. Will marry only if we show the allotment letter. So this day it is reverse D practice This has been played five to seven years ago You were outed to China. You were outed to China. You know, if there is a one child policy, then even now Whether it is a boy or a girl, give birth to only one. could have become a boy if it became a boy then it could have become a boy If it is a girl then the girl is now in India. You must have seen that if it is a girl then try another one. I will do the second one and I will do the third one too. There are many people in many such houses and This is happening even today in China, so the policy is one Now there are girls and there are girls too The ratio is less like that of India. Especially North India, now those girls It is said that where there is home, there is marriage for the children. Will do now in India what was done in 1990 girls are born Their ratio is said to be around 800 compared to the government ratio. It is said to be 750 but in Haryana it is 700. And you know what is said? In reality, there are other bad programs too. Now we will not go into that, Government rs. There are very few girls on pay and even among them Many girls should awaken their wisdom and consciousness. Because they also have rights, only boys If you don't wake me up then I am not doing even that 500. Not Getting a Good Boy I Don't Want Mango The final will be 500, now give it to every girl. Almost all boys have a choice, so if Will say that in this uncertain world Vishal ji doesn't know about the job at home. I know for sure that there is a house so you are saying that the age If we have a long life then our daughter I don't know if the job is secure, son-in-law If you leave home, you can't leave home. It's okay and you won't lose your job or your house. If we leave then the house has become a very very Important thing in terms of marriage Criteria This is a bit stuck in my opinion If you add your car to this then The car concept has been around for many years. This car concept is being explained What is it again suits? That if it is done because if you If you buy it, you will buy something worth Rs. 6-8 lakhs. You are Sudden, you are other financial products. Mutual funds will not buy this whole game Industry's Financial Industry's I am there to sell financial products Financial products are absolutely wrong I don't agree, I also say don't buy Car Before You Have a Life Insurance Don't Buy a Car Before You Have a Medical Insurance Don't Buy a Car Before You Have One Decent Mutual Fund Portfolio Two Start with I am not saying Rs 1 crore 50 All these things cost two, four or five lakhs. After doing this you should buy car also Okay so I also agree that you should buy Car is ok but not before doing certain The first thing that should not happen is that You took the car in the first tank on the very first day First of all take your life insurance policy Take insurance, share your little one Open demat account after that two four six eight Take the car after a month and who is talking about the car? That's 25 lakh 20 lakh kilos of a sweet. Get a car worth three to four lakhs these days. It is also available in second hand It's cheap so I don't think it's so big The thing is okay, it is such a big thing, it is just there's a topic and people who don't buy Those who want to buy just get attracted. Who buys this by asking them otherwise? The one who wants to take it has to take it, right? Tell me girlfriend doesn't ride a motorcycle If she sits in the car then I should not take the car. Take a motorcycle, now your girlfriend won't sit. Because it will fall, okay, that car She is flowing with the person, now she has said this Youth comes only once, now it is saying so He is saying don't take the car, if you don't take the car then then that girl So you are roaming with the car driver, you take the car It's not good to talk like a girl. let's take Girl going to DTC metro Someone is hitting the body from behind in the buses. Someone is touching, this is disturbing. All the work gets done even today, it's been 20 years Earlier too, she would sit in the car. Now at least someone keeps the windows up in his car. Don't touch her, it's safe, drive yourself. If it is relatively then why not take a car brother? Why should he get pushed by the dirty public? Poverty is the compulsion of the transport system. Look, poverty is poverty but If you have four paisa you can buy mine Believe that the first thing the parent should Do if I have my thoughts for a girl wrong is right with you The first thing the girl's parents will tell The athlete should do his job as if he go out and buy him a car and give him whatever 4 lakh 5 lakh according to your status Buy whichever car is cheapest or Even if you can't give, give your house. Brother, every house has a car. Son, if you go in the car then the driver of the car will The system is in the vehicle of I'm not against it. I am against that the car should be mine Consider a lot of investment and There are saving items which are now fixed Deposits should be considered at the lowest level Seems like a lot of financial insiders say this That you have to do anything but fix Do not have to deposit, you will agree to this Bank to deposit cash from Baat Financial illus does not pay commission Look at whatever advice is given. The public doesn't have to be that innocent. Something has to happen and it will be banks, won't it? Specially you should see that you are not in India Because what banks in India themselves They have made so many products that they don't talk. You follow America, banks are different there Financial ones are very different there. That means it is very advanced. In financial products, there their Any bank's system will be that Will say that this is a market crash Will do because everyone wants it The bank will always want to have money in the bank. The money remains with me and I give the loan because That's his model that brother, I will teach you at 9. I will give you a loan and give you six rupees in FD at Rs. 3. My profit is called net interest. Margin of some banks is 4 to 5 It is one and a half, many have two and a half It's okay, this is how the bank makes money. took money from you and gave you less interest And if you took the money, someone else took it. If that money is in my favor I also have some money to keep at 15 20 I can loan the remaining amount in actual By leveraging so if I have 00 I Maybe 15 I can give a loan of 800 0000 I am giving people ₹1 if you ask me for it. Withdraw this money into financial assets Okay, put mutual funds somewhere. If you put it in then I will give less loan as a bank. I will get money from Sara India Bank if I propose. Take it out and invest it in a mutual fund. So tell me Vishal whether I will get the loan Yes, tell me, there is no money in the bank. I have FD in the bank No, everyone is awake, everyone's wisdom is there. Chetna woke up, everyone took shares, everyone took houses. It's okay if you take it without a loan, then it's okay. Now that money is in the savings bank Otherwise, from where will I give you the loan? It's going to be a big mess, but it is like this Otherwise my mutual fund industry is i am anything industry financial My aim of the product is to believe that you Tell people that you are an idiot but you call me tell me any of my expenses are coming after one and a half year My expenses are in my FD for two years. That's the money you're getting at 6 p.m. I have to spend mutual funds. The market went to minus 10. 20 then I withdraw the money minus 20 p mine That's why I told you it's 100% expense. Save money in mutual fund only by saying Those whose savings are very high are yours. If the question comes in future then I will discuss it again. I will answer this one whose savings came She is the same financial influencer and this Brother can share knowledge whose Savings rate is low, he has mutual If you put it in the fund, you will have to break it. Want to buy a car? Is this what denies school? I will not even pay the school fees when The child goes to nursery KG first and second. They take four lakhs for higher education. Money goes out for marriage If any event happens in the house, get it repaired. leaves for medical emergency If you have that money then invest it in mutual fund If someone is sick after seeing the market then neither going to school nor getting married If Maa stays awake then the market will also be up. Even if the FD is down, if I go down If I don't show it, how will I get into the mutual fund? What is the biggest M? You work in the system you idiot yes take my course your job is free ok you put money in FD you idiot look at us put money here If you put it here then you can read it without anyone calling you an idiot. You can't get the work done any other way, you see? Housewife puts everything in FD Why do they put it, why do they need it? Why put it because she is also scared that if the money is less then next time If we won't get one of our own FD There is a system but you cannot call it bad. Putting all the money in FD is also not a right thing No but saying that it is absolutely necessary to put it If it is wrong then it is a debt instrument There has to be some exposure to date. No one should want any man even after earning crores If I am sitting then I am investing a little in equity. Will give but that reason I told you why is called Videos of a big final inserter come I am converting my salary from 50 to 70 to 80. But some people say that 95 and 95 are 50. This is normal, it's 95, isn't it English? Anyone from the channel should go and watch it now. Your subscribers will guess it's real Let me tell you that I have started selling estate courses. I want to be on all my channels Bol Bol Ke Tha Real Estate since three years plus Will Do Well Real Estate And Now Everyone Knows It's gone, no need to say it now Mama's tune changes now she is talking about real estate The course is fine now that real estate in Goa I will tell you the real estate of Goa I will tell you about the estate but what is this region? See if your earnings are very high So the savings will automatically be more, right? To survive today, we will do our best to survive Two lakhs have to be spent, big one. children studying in school in the city Meds are water, food and travel. If the insurance is good then this much has to be spent Now the person who is earning more than crores of rupees Now he is telling others to look at me. Savings are so much that it is a kind of shaming. And by doing this you will give us Follow this is what I tell you I will tell you how to become rich, this is your money ok if you gave me money then i I became rich then I am telling you again, see This way you will become rich then follow me then You you then follow and then that next A man becomes richer and then he says Look, work can be done without a job Look, I am living like this, whenever I am like this I would like to tell the public whenever Any creator like you my five five The channel should tell that it does this and that. You can't tell anything else about me We have been associated for a few days now You've been taking my podcasts before too Did I am saying that I am not a car. I can't show you my house, I can't show you. I don't tell you anything, I just say this I tell you I am the best, I am number one Okay, that has to be said, okay someone like this no he is fair and lovely and he also says I will make them white, I will not do this I am saying this, I am not saying this to you I will make something, I say very much I am knowledgeable, I will leave it by just saying this. But I am not saying that you should look at it with that knowledge. I found this now you take this after me This car is parked, this is the house behind me Financial influence your portfolio They are showing you like this Show your portfolio, Jaha Dewan Housing I had also taken finance, brother, I had five D mats. buy my own selectively Let me show you the screenshot, okay selectively And the one who does my run up should be his Now let me show you how I show you something I will tell you the names of the shares, ok. If the screenshot is not showing then I am like that I am not proving but telling as M. I've got a I think I've got A 100 I've got 100 baggers in my I also tell you the name of the portfolio. Now no one is asking to buy Pola I told him when I bought it. it's my date of the day pass because bought price how much bought That is, I hide the quantity. and show you today's price What will my D look like? Matt will look great. Amit Sangwan Bring Pola Shares 100 Bagger People don't have the capacity to show 100 baggers. People are happy to show 10 baggers to two baggers. Relax, purchase for Rs 50, that too 20 baggers is fine. I will show that also but I won't show that much Had it been Shehna, I would have bought it for 10-20 lakhs. If he had bought shares worth Rs 20 lakh and Had they multiplied, they would have been worth Rs 20 crores. I will tell you that brother, I won the lottery. Looks like the ticket was taken for only 200 Hajj. It's good, I took it and left it, now it's more than Rs 20,000. 100 bags is 20 lakhs but that much I would buy it while conveying it. I forgot I had taken it in some demat, I forgot I forgot that it increased by mistake but the claim is still there. I can go and go to that one. Now my main my main de mat is someone else he I didn't have my main so I took something from it More than half of my stocks were in it. Indian shipyards are finished, ok The diwan hissing phase is over, it means now. What can I say about whatever ends? There is only one diamond, now let me show that diamond that look ji follow me look at me it is me Who is there whenever a man is showing something of himself? If yes then we don't need it, that's the red flag. If you have any merit then you should come. I must have the courage to show and tell him. I shouldn't have needed to say this I want you to say this till now No matter what your qualification is. If we are the ones who apply for IIT then it is ours. Eating bread and then people say hey That's it, tell me what? If yes then that is why some man i.e. ITM started he can kill the idiot of the world Because brother, it has become common now, right? How many people will listen to him? Make sense, you said that you are from IIT. I haven't given my exam now Like if you say that I am in IT Even if it happened, he did not go to prove it If he is lying then I am the one who is lying. What do you say about time? They used to call for him and he used to get rank. At that time we had only five IITs. There is still a lot of time left for him Didn't you call for consultation? Some say that he had a low rank in it. I couldn't find it so I didn't join. Now I am not even me, no, I am mine, I felt that Let me keep my IIT exam so that I can pass. My rank was 1700 or so. It was till 1800 that I got mine and I got it. If you left today then you have 1700 rank in IT. You say big, seats turn out till 100 Haj. If this has happened then this system is very bad. Influencers Are Telling There Is Another Financial influencer two days ago I made a video last year that You earned crores, 24 crores or something, brother? Why are you telling the youngsters can't Copy that for whom are you telling and many more People are saying very good transparency What kind of transparency is this? Why is this? You are able to sell something because you Have you reached the stage of not being a youngster? He can reach that age at least in 2022 years. Looks like you went to financial schools You struggled, you did a job, you did business If you fail, you succeed then you are the story. You have reached like to tell, now you can tell the story. I say at the age of 4042 you also come You can also reach like this and see me like this I am motivating you can't reach They can because your journey since 2000 It was from 2023, not from 2023 to 2040 Can because India is not the same as the world Is Not the Same Just Can't Follow You What The Opportunity You Got Is Not Getting You Tell me Vishal ji about this technology and I hope you benefit from this technology. Are discussing through and thousands People can listen to us and gain Understood the benefits of this technology which today He has a youth of 20 years, it should happen only today. If he gets the benefit of technology then There is benefit but it is in my and your life The knowledge that has been gained in the last 20 years It's not his benefit, because he is I am 20 years old and now both of us are knowledgeable. Teach the knowledge that we are teaching here. And told him that you like it brother. The advantage was not technology but knowledge If not then we will eat more bread Because we cooked right at the right time You are sitting with what happened, you understand? Now we tell someone to follow us Come on brother you can't because now this Many people came to know about the question paper. If many people do it then the return will not be that much. That's why I call it my life. that the story should never be told nor Someone's life story should be followed Because the world is so dynamic, AI After this you will see that in the last three years How many changes are taking place in something like Corona? If someone had seen it or thought about it, then nobody You should not tell your personal example. Everyone should be told that life is like this today Trends are happening like this and every person is different Its advantage is sitting in the sweet spot 22 year old can't take Take advantage of many things, do something He will have to have patience for 22 years. Not by jumping but then he starts again. Let's talk about one half outlier or the other. Which one is Jakab or Oyo from India? Ritesh Agarwal or some of them You twist the whole story by giving examples. You give it to India, see all of it. Baiju is crying because of startups. Look at the rest. what was the listing rate ok That's why I don't think of personal examples. Work because of that whole story in life don't tell No one will tell you about the disadvantages of credit cards. Let us tell you some benefits and some Go ahead and say with credit card How can you earn money this credit It is important to clear the concept of card. Because there are many different claims in this Take it if I tell you tomorrow To subscribers please like me ok And like me on 100 videos. If I [ __ ] you then he will earn money too And I will give you the vagina, okay you, I will give you 100 Video: How many days will it take for me to do so? 6 in a month and I will like you in six months and that same software will arrive So I will know if you have 100 likes went and went into your account then you and what is the headline Like my video and earn money true There is no lie anywhere but my brother 100 Video: How to become a tycoon in six months Points for credit card spending You have reached 100 points, you have reached 200 points. You spent a lakh, you earned a thousand Earn 2000 rupees in airport launch You went to the airport to sit in the lounge You take a plane and go to your destination. if you want to go then think about it first and everybody else should Got a credit card that works for you at the airport. They were free nice lunches, like waiting rooms It's starting to feel good and it feels a little better outside sit because everyone has credit cards I have reached, do you understand what I am saying? There is no difference in anything and then said I ate that tasty food, now that The tasty food has also become less. First there was the test because all these people All these people are coming with cards worth Rs. If you are eating from the plate then it would be better. If I have to go by plane two or four times, If I eat or drink something somewhere else then this They are saying that if anyone can earn this money There is no mistake in the statement but The question is whether you can earn this money You can quit your job and become a tycoon There may be marriage, there may be happily ever after. can you not if not then i will tell you Friend, fill this survey, it is 100 points. It is genuine that we will meet like this too. Is it worth it? The question is if my If I am getting 00 for filling out the survey then It's a good thing but it's getting worse for me So the statement is that today's youth His poor level has made him this People gave Rs 100 50 and this is what they got in this. I will not blame only the youth I will blame you because listen you are a rapist If something happens to you, you From your phone network service provider You are number porting somewhere? You can get this scheme a little cheaper. When you leave and go there, you If you can fool like this then you can do it Will go and you will feel from inside Your time will come when you become rich How much energy is being wasted You have no feeling any man who He will be rich who will not do such things or who Who would like to become rich? The one from the Fukrey picture is sitting idle I have to start some work, it is very important This work should not be done by taking names like this with Antakshari. This is nothing but this and these videos It will be good if you make big influencers. Isn't it that if you take a subscriber I am sitting today and I am telling you clearly. Look at their price, what is it? 40 lakhs. If you are a subscriber then you have spent 38 lakhs. They don't have anything except 10 20 Even they come to know about our rap If the subscriber has the capacity, then the same things will happen. Doing and doing the same things is liked simply. It's a matter if their intellectual things If you like, then talk intellectually. Intellectual type intelligent listening If there are less then it's all about the subscriber. There are more subscribers today Who is testing their intelligence level? If there is an IIT exam then there is an IIM exam. It's not happening there, that's why it's like A True Thing That We Should Not Be Discussing These are the benefits of credit card It's Too Low a Thing to Discuss Infact According to me, there is no need to have a credit card. I don't want it, in case you are in Keep your two lakh one lakh in case of emergency. If you earn it and don't tease people then people will keep it. Maximizing no no no no 10 There were five cards, I rotate, I I am very proud that you gave yourself two four five I have become a man worth Rs 100 thousand this year. Let me say this and then make a payment on time. If you forget to do it, you will be penalized. That's where all your arrogance went away There Whatever smartness you do had a lot of savings and investments New instruments also keep on coming which Youth often have many questions regarding And there are one or two instruments like this NFT and crypto currency you also read this What a view we have seen in the last few years. Look, we have stopped talking about NFT. people have [music] No one is talking about NFT. B ok crypto's crypto's i the technology that underlies it itself blockchain technology i want that Atlast Root Understand That Blockchain There are many benefits of technology. I am not talking about crypto right now. There is technology behind it, ok that's it Blockchain Technology, that's how youth can go there. He doesn't want it, he just wants it FINANCIAL ILLUSION There was a world before This was his fiasco, what happened to them Don't say anything and make a mistake and it will come again. What is their only excuse? We also bought it, brother, if you are earning. 20 crores and you buy it for 50 lakhs Who will come after you? Something has happened. so ok and yours is coming every year 20 crores and you are here like this You are showing that the youngster 500 rupees are sitting, he started with crypto only Wants to do this means that the first The ball that was faced in a test match because Life is a test match, 2020 is not that Wants to hit a six on the first ball I will buy crypto only because it's ok Crypto rate has increased and then crashed Without Understanding a Product of Mine Believe and say that you should not be buying This product is good or bad in my opinion We will talk about this question only when You must understand the answer completely. This is the people who are teaching and telling give them Understand It's Not Such a Thing First Of course to understand especially the technology Bund Because Ultimately People Will Come In Question man, is she there in reality? Can you touch it know what the wind is If it's bad, it's good for the government. reason because that control is not there then this It is a matter of great discussion on its own that this ok or not and this one youtube0 who eats good and bad now Brother who has never eaten potato parotta He only eats, he will say what did you feed him? And many palettes are sophisticated, would we? antique furniture antique paintings You should invest, I would say do it If you want a portfolio worth Rs 50 crores Is First Life Investment MF Hussain's painting should be the one that appeals to you. I don't even know if you have it or not. No clue how to value art Now one of the things I do is art Valuation also me you painting If you show me, I have done something so that I can I can say that the price of this painting approximately this much I may be wrong but atleast I have a mechanism to check it Friend, how much can it be but whose price is it? Can he buy a painting if he doesn't have it? Then he can't buy but fancy term It feels great I am buying art Buy it and keep it in your drawing room. It will continue to be appreciated and you will see it every day. There are many fancy products like this There are also those who have not come to our market like explain through consultation but what you've reached that stage this is There is one last question and that is about West. It is very nice to have such a book which is available there very much. It has already started, now it has started moving, even if it thunks. And grow, there is psychology of money and such Many more books by Rich and Poor Dead What concepts are being explained here? cheese work in india I have read all these books many times. keep the name you took and something like this is good I have made notes of many, many I tweaked it for the Indian audience I have also made many videos for them. I also use it in webinars to explain But What I Want to Tell People Is Which you're hearing it through you that it's like Don't act like rich dude pur dude Buying a house in India and India tells you all this Taxation lodges are not like this anywhere else You buy a house worth Rs 2 crore and sell it for Rs 5. He can avoid tax on those crores Here you have to pay capital gains in India Black property in India and White's separate tribulation goes on there, he is there. No, you cannot take 100% loan here. Can now buy a plot of property here? Now that registry is worth two crores. If you get a loan of only Rs 70 lakh then who will? You will apply such a formula, do you understand the benefit? So that's that since the country's taxation same. No, the thought process of the country is not the same. If so, that knowledge is there because of the need to filter and like i tell you which Chinese food which is noodles and all that It is not like what is made there in India. Made in India, according to India ok we have made tandoori momos Our agar agar agar ocean is making ok If you go to Ratna and eat dosa as per your taste. Will it be available in Udupi or South India? You won't get the same hard dosa here You will get it so hard that it breaks like this and The dosa there is like galgali, ok So with in India we also change Our Taste on Things Things to Eat Too Okay, there is some cousin, there is something in it, we Without seasoning because the stomach Will not be able to digest, why do it? This thing won't taste good, it's ok then momos. We turn noodles into tandoori momos I don't know what they will make of it, it's okay. According to the dish, here we We also know that he will do this According to us, we need someone and he is the one. No because people are giving simplistic explanation Yes, they are simplistic when they explain. Please explain this thing simplistically. this thing is going on People cannot get total knowledge from it. People get confused just yes I did Read Think and Grow Rich Now Today's 2023 It's a little difficult to make people think and Grow Rich When It Was Written I Think Napoleon is written by Napoleon If I Am Not Rang, life was different at that time. You could actually think and grow rich Because The Number Of People Thinking At That Time One That Book Was Written and Less People Were Doing Manual Work More Physical Agriculture Vas more vehicles were being made by labor It was industrial, now brother 24 has come. AI has arrived, now everyone is thinking So when everyone is thinking, think and grow Rich Becomes Difficult was the right book at that time To think that this will also happen Look at what time it was written. The book of relevance of things which is now always heavy It is ours just as the Gita is its relevance Will remain timeless for thousands of years That knowledge is timeless at all times It is applicable and every year as our intelligence improves If our conscience is awakening then what we He has the capacity to take knowledge from that book. Gita is growing, probably read it 100 years ago The knowledge that could have been taken today was taken more can go because they are human beings and Have matured but can't be the same Said About Those Western Books There Relevance over a period of time is going down ok another book is intelligent Become an investor in the village, he, he, he The way value investing is scuttlebutt and Which cigar cigarette but investing something? Some of its chapters are quite famous in the past. the they are no longer applicable today but that Who will tell further, I am such a thick book. Tell me, have you read it? Yes, I have read it. Both of them became intelligent while half of him Much gun is not relevant now I will tell This nobody telling book has already sold people It's okay to kill your style but somewhere If something is not working then one last question is this. If we want to surprise this whole conversation And four five big things which our viewer The take away from this conversation is that many Concepts have been rejected but some Things that you should know about your investment Must follow in the journey so that you How to do Samra to get some better results this conversation I will deal with it in such a way that life Memorize one word and use it The name is Efflection Point Efflection Point What is that Chinese bamboo like? It is said that he lives underground for many years Is there and can't be seen, keeps giving water And the sapling then grows 90 feet in 90 days But who knows what happened under the ground all those years? If it doesn't work then whatever our arrangement is, it will be nothing. Thinking that something should happen quickly car quickly marry quickly get rich quickly Dad and mom are happy soon from foreign country. And every field is victorious on the entire front and which one? The song of the picture was Ranveer Kapoor's Ya Sanju Maybe by doing every field, every field is victorious. Every youth who is going to win It is good to conquer the field but that There is no salt in the job that you get Gave away the investment and tore the marriage Great relationship looks beautiful too Insta is also good, not everything happens brother so much someone so much catch someone so much No one cares about you. Keep going slowly. You will have to absorb knowledge I will have to become a sponge and read one thing. There is no formula now that Someone told me that in 20222 I told you it's not his fault either, it's 2024 is not valid now it is very difficult for that person to come and say like real I keep making videos of the estate Someone saw my 2022 video at that time You were saying this my brother at that time Rate this was going on at that time the story was this now If this is so, now again and again who can tell the man? Disclaimer: That's why it's called someone's property. convinces I took this on convincing someone of yours because that It takes hard work to develop convictions Anything takes time if you learn it. You are acting as if I am a normal person in the stock market I am just telling you what P-B ratio is. what is book value return on What is return on capital employed? What is Equity? How to Cash Balance Sheet? Let's see how the market moves down. Message came sir tell me the stock, tell me the stock friend Just tell me one stock, what is this? If you tell me straight, then this is the question. If you don't want to learn then I can't do that Financial influencers should also be completely I will not do it if you see I believe it If item number in a stage in movies People liked watching and producers liked it. The director used to put Munni Badnaam item The number has to come, okay then it's someone else's Babli ka kaun kaun ko song was gundo mein fas Okay, so they come with songs like this now. Don't come because I don't want to see people anymore People want to watch action movies. They are coming when they don't want to see anything. If something else happens then ultimately this Why am I including myself? I should portray myself so great that The public would like to see something that they would enjoy If you want then you will have to give that now Tell me whether this is a movie or not, if someone comes now, this Said man, what movies were made in 1980 If you watch the movie Mithun da and its Most of Jitendra's movies are being watched right now. Brother VCP VCR came at that time The middle class audience sat down with a cassette The audience there was paying and middle class. Your middle class audience doesn't come to theatre. When it was there, rickshaw pullers used to come to the theater. That crowd of rickshaw pullers is that crowd. That picture was made according to that poor The man is a chawl seller and he is sitting like this, brother. She used to make the same thing, now you will say that brother. The time was such that this financial These people also need influencer urgently Need a quick fix, need a bad solution. A lot of knowledge is required for surgery. If anyone puts it up then it is okay for the youth. I have to tell you that there is no easy way out, no one else understands. Nothing is happening quickly and another mistake What the youth is doing without much money He is involved in a lot of investments More on your high income generating skills Focus and earn more money Will do more good to you 100% I got a return on something and I got it at 10 If you got the money then tell me who earned more. Can because everyone will go to 100% I invested one lakh and one became two. I invested. If one crore becomes 10 of one crore then The one who earns money is the one who earns crores Do not talk about returns imposed and whose Money keeps increasing, take more and more. Satisfied with the returns because his How much is 10 crores, 20 lakhs and yours 100% on 2 lakhs 2 lakhs is also 2 lakhs. is still earning 10 times more than you because They should focus their income on that Only if the saving rate is increased, the savings rate will be higher. When your saving rate is high then your Dip in savings tax requirement reduced Will happen when the requirement to dip is less Because other programs are still to go on, brother. The car has to come, the marriage has to happen, the child has to be born. All the work has to be done but if I increase my income If I increase my savings too much, I Won't dive in when I I won't dip into my savings no matter what. Any wish, mutual fund stock market Whatever she will grow, but focus on this. No, there is no focus on increasing income because You say that you have studied and done writing. What to learn now that you are 25 years old So what was your education till now in the last 25 years? And it took you only to 5 Hajj, so if you If you want to go up to one lakh, two lakh and three lakh then brother something More has to be done, that's why people do it, right? MBA in between do MBA or something else learn or do some short course or If we take knowledge then people will learn from that thing. Don't run away, this is the message. Total summary That's exactly what I'm telling you Thank you very much Amit ji and our aim is That's what financial illusion is not wrong But the concepts that are being put before you Do they suit you or not? The journey of savings and investment Should the concept be followed or not? There should be clarity regarding this and that clarity is I have met a lot through conversation Thank you Amji for joining us Thank you thank you thank you