Hello friends, investors should pay a little attention to this sector. This is a video for education. I will talk about the stock market sector. The sector I will talk about today is the cement sector. There is something interesting happening in this sector. Check out the investors now need to watch out.  And what is that a great and big consolidation is happening brothers and sisters, two big giant players are acquiring smaller ones. Earlier it seemed that it was a normal acquisition but now a trend has started appearing. Which players are both? One is Aditya Birla Group and the other is Adani Aditya Birla ji's flag ship company which is UltraTech Cement. You may have known him recently in India. They have bought more stake in cements, they had also bought many more acquisitions in the last one year, currently their cement capacity is 140 metric tons.  I am talking about UltraTech Cement and they want to increase it to 200 metric tons in next three to four years. So watch out this sector. Watch out these stocks. Watch out Adani's stocks also. Adani also has Amuja and ECC Cements. Follow both of them here What I see is that when there is consolidation then Dio Poly will merge and you know when in any sector Dio  If poly emerges then like j and any kind of cement is required, build houses, build any infrastructure, build bridges, build flyovers, anything we know, cement is required and there are a lot of green field plants of cement to be built right now.  It has become difficult for cement itself to be a product which cannot be carried very far otherwise its logistics cost is very high, so if any cement is to be used in the South then it will be used only there.  If it is used then the advantage is that the plant has consumed cement within a radius of 100, 150, 200 kilometers. Since they have just acquired some companies in the South, their footprint is becoming pan India and watch out for Adani Group also because of them.  The target is also to go to 140 10 million tonnes and their target is at 200 and very fast a consolidation.  Happening: All the players that you had heard about earlier like Kesho Ram Cements and Jaypee which have a lot of assets are being bought. Call it a competition between these two groups which is taking place in acquiring these then do this space with other wise listed firms.  If you see, there are 100 in the country, cement is close to 100, but they are slowly getting acquired and follow this sector and whenever you  If the investment valuations seem right as per your intelligence then you can take a call but this is something which I thought I would bring for you guys. Thank you very much.