Hello friends, at many places in the comment section on social media and in English, there is a word, I read it and tell it so that my English does not get wrong because this line is seen a lot, many of you will also agree with it, Youngsters being single is.  Better than to be with the other person So it seems a very right thing that man yes you are right it is better to be alone than to be with the other person but I am Decides who is wrong not we decide ok so if you can if you know what is wrong then you find the right person but I am not able to find the right person ok is it possible that actually this formula is being applied on you also and you  Are you the wrong person for the other person? This can also happen, there are some deep things, see, I always Contra reverse engineering, I do higher order thinking. It is very easy to speak English because you are not able to find anyone, you are not getting married, so how can you say because rude people are also relatives. Son, everything is fine with you, sexual orientation is fine, girl.  When those people come like this, then you have to tell some theory, then you have to tell that I am not marrying for global warning, otherwise I am the right person, otherwise this English five-six is ​​made up of our bachelors.  Not for the sake of saying anything, but I am here genuinely, I want to say this to those who have this problem, it is okay in this changing world, in this dynamic world, you are the right person for this person, okay and this person is the right person for you.  If this is what you wanted then yes there will be marriage, now there will be marriage, now this person who was right has become a color for you because every 5 years the person is changing, the exposures are changing, his echoes are changing.  The system is changing, those songs are also made like this, hun tu hi badal gaya duniya badalti dekhi main song, that punjabi song is good like this, this badalta dekha main wo dekha yeh dekha na hun tu hi badal gaya bhaiya badalna is very good do.  You Really Want to Be the Same Person Yes There Are Boys Who Never Marry and They Remain the Same At 24 they used to do the same thing and at 48 they used to do the same thing Come on and they are now  If you do n't change anything, nothing will change. I will not be a nice thing, you should change, you will change when you get married, you will change when you are a child, you will change when you grow up, you will change when you are old, you will change. Change is inevitable change. So the question is whether  You are changing for the worse and changing for the better, so I have given you a new perspective to think like this, what are the times that a very  There are only abstract topics from where we have to get hold of them, belief systems have to be crushed because Acharya Prashant ji also told us there, marrying a wrong person, they kill their English, if you marry the wrong person, brother, I am that wrong person.  So what else can two wrong people get married, I am also wrong, many times people come for Kundli matching, what qualities do Guruji sow for matching, Guru ji, mix the qualities, it is okay, so I said, to match the qualities, there should also be qualities, nowadays.  Only the demerits have to be added. What time do you wake up brother? Chhora Chhori? 9 o'clock Chhora Chhori? 8:30 It is a good quality, it means whether it is a virtue or a demerit. By holding it like this, don't hold it like this, how many are holding not one but two in the party, so now make it so that it is two.  One catches, one catches, where is the quality, then what is the color of the ts, right person, just mary, certain things, just mary, how can you get married with your mouth raised, then it is okay, if you do not marry with your mouth raised, then how will you do it? Get to know each other Hey get to know each other I do you know yourself well yes I know myself well do you not know what you will be after yes yes I do n't know 10 years who are listening to those who are a little older than me those who are this age  There are some elders who are late, in their 30s, in their 40s etc., those who have been married for 10, 15, 20 years are late, you guys write in the comment section, have you not changed?  Did you do the same thing which you used to do at 20, you have to do the same thing at 40 brother, I have not changed, people take big compliments, friend, you have not changed at all, why brother, if you gain knowledge then your hair will definitely turn white and Devanand's hair will not change that much. Not only do you have to change, brother, you have to change many times. Good boredom also happens, what about average people, some right, some color, some right, some color, meeting each other, accepting each other for what ever.  They are with no red flakes ok and then starting on journey together and becoming a better person just better person and each other has to pull and walk a little and in that too if your core values ​​are not very out then you are right for each other and  There will be no colors because of what is happening, let me tell you with one classical example, girls grow up, the boy should fit in the body, I will end with one example and in this there will be no  It is not a matter of showing girls up and down, boys, but understand that girls, I am a relationship expert, yes, I am very strong, okay, so girls always think that the boy is handsome, wow, personality, good sense of humor, everything is good.  Girls are looking like this, I am also looking at him, he is the most popular guy, now he has caught my eye, he is the right guy, now he has found the right guy, what was wrong with the right guy?  She had good manners, good looks, good smell, hair was good, intelligent, had good networking, was popular, had all these qualities, only she is the right person, today I am insulting the youth, so if you are youth, then be insulted and  If you are feeling insulted then please write so that I feel I have done it and whoever gets pleasure after being insulted then write J+AG. It's okay, so now this girl has got married, now let's get married. Now what happens to the right person when she goes away, does the marriage go ahead? Now this same girl does not let him go to the gym because he says that you don't even take out time for me. She used to go to the gym with a good body and she says that I am getting pregnant, so I am worried about her.  It is happening that you are going to the gym, so he does not go to the gym, he used to meet his friends, he used to look handsome, so now he feels that he does not look beautiful to me alone, he looks beautiful to other girls too and I am a little shapeless. women getting married  After the bedal pregnancy, she can become fit again but many of them become permanent, then insecurities come, then now she does n't even let him go, then he used to go to parties, I felt like not letting her go there too, the pain is severe.  Okay, then he used to play some of his hobbies, he used to stay bent over, the best thing about him was that Bullet which he used to drive with a jacket, when he wore glasses and his hair went like this, now that car has come.  The bullet will remain somewhere like this, it is okay, milk comes on that bullet, with such a tongue, it is okay, sometimes only onions and tomatoes come and when we go to the market next door, after going like this for many years, it takes seven- eight years. Now this same girl says this same boy.  The one who believes in saying all the things, You're not the same person, I married, I do n't love you anymore and the guy says, Lord God, you changed everything, you married the right person, you made that person the wrong person as you end up  Now tell you that now I am not the same person, I am married, this is the right color, this train of yours will go out in the pursuit of the right color, get married on your own time, you will get safe sex, children will become mature, you will get purpose in life, everyone's body will be a mess.  The soul is everyone's sucker, the employers will suck you otherwise you are available, neither you have a wife to take care of you, nor your family members, nor your children, come, why would you ask for leave, leave for what?  If you ask for it, if you are 27 years old, then your parents will be 80 years old. If it is okay for a 27 year old, then you cannot ask for your parents' marriage, otherwise they will come and suck your blood, so this was a slightly hilarious take, take this thing practically.  Late is this nonsense thing, this color person is the right person, try to be the right person yourself for someone else and that too keeps changing.  This is what you did, look at one thing, you have taken mango, it is very right, mango is not eaten on time, that too got spoiled after ripening, things will get spoiled with time, they will get better, it is work in progress, marriages are always great in breakfast, spoiled till lunch.  You will have it fixed by tea time, it is like this, it is very simple and in a very fun way, I will tell you many things in my relationship course, it will be very good, brother, if it is like this for free, then pay money and see how it will be, the course is fine.  There will be seven to eight classes, there will be two two-hour recordings. Brother, it is amazing. Okay, please enroll me because it is my iconic because after this you will never get to see it live. If there is a recording of it, then the world will see mother.  Any picture of India level or any other Sholay level picture or DDLJ This is my DDLJ It will be washed for years but you will have a chance to see it live and  Of course discount recording will become more expensive and will keep up with inflation and discounts will also be removed so just you will get a chance to ask questions, maybe there will be recording like if you want then it will be yours, if you don't want then don't turn on your camera, it's okay Maybe you say, see, I asked that question because it will become immortal, this course will be history, so this is because the way I understand, brothers and sisters, no one in India understands, I am the number one, the way I understand all this.  Because There's Nobody Who Gets a 360 Degree Perspective Someone is doing one thing in isolation Someone is doing this Someone is doing this I'm doing all of them And all of them are joined by relationships Relationships Affect Our Life Like Anything You Know  Job Is One Aspect That Can't Run Away From Relationships Even If You Don't Have One Still It's a Relationship  Problem And If You Have Than Then It Is Okay So If You Have More And Less It You Will Have To Know How To Deal With Them You Can't Run Away From That So Relax Come Join Then You Will Know Are You The Wrong Person You  Wanted the right person but you are the wrong person. Sometimes it's a joke, that wife comes and says, most of the jokes are made on women.  I feel bad but now I tell you then a wife comes and says darling today so no everybody buddy is driving in the rain if you feel like this then you are on the wrong side everybody or not finding the right girl  So brother, you are the color person, everything is right, the right person gets married to the right person, okay, you are the color person, you have to see something in yourself too, then it will be fun, you will laugh, you will talk, you will connect, it is okay.  How did you feel about sharing it among your youth? Okay, send it. You are sitting here with wrong things. Okay, hey, how do you speak well about girls? Then half a time you spoke a little less well and by suppressing it, he got views.  Okay, then it's okay, next time we will say worse things, then your intelligence and conscience will awaken, you are married, you have found a good girl, there are good boys, there are good girls, there are bad boys, there are bad girls, what does gender have to do with it? And how can you generalize about someone being good or bad? Any gender, community or religion is a very easy thing, isn't it? Okay, it is a very easy thing, but there are issues, it is okay and there are issues, you bring them like us, tell them, you explain them.  People like it and it is visible in the likes and comments, so brother, write amazingly in the comment section, have fun, the time of festivals is coming, it's time to have fun, good things should be learned.  We should enjoy and now it's time for marriage, so whoever is scared, he is the right person, she is the right girl, she is the right girl, I don't want to marry the color person, then join our relationship course, it is so expensive.  It is not expensive but it is as expensive as the amount of money spent in relationships and weddings. Brothers and sisters, how many people come. He takes us like a flower seller. He takes us like a bad boy. So the story will start from our course. So, find out the one who is having trouble in the relationship. Join the one who is not in the relationship. Join the one who is going well. Join the one who is going well so that you can know why it is going well. It seems that things are going well due to luck, there is no delay, certain things are happening right, relationship with luck is the only thing which does not get bad or good due to luck, rest of the things are happening due to luck.  But this relationship is yours to do, so even if it is going well then join, everyone joins, it is ok, thank you very much, you have to register on the given number, you have to register on that number, thank you very much.