Hello friends, is the destination more important or is the journey more important? If it is said in English, the journey is more important and the destination is more important, then I would like you to pause and write whatever quickly comes to your mind.  Please write everything quickly, it is going to be a very interesting topic and it will be fun. The youth will definitely get some clarity. All of you will definitely get it, so please write.  Recently a dialogue came to my ears and I got a very good answer to it, they say that both are not important, who is more important, who is our friend, who is we traveling, who is important, then who is important, who is we traveling, then why the youth and why?  The people are not focusing on that, everyone is focusing on what will be the journey or where will I reach my destination, if you have seen through my videos then this is the same thing. I have been saying for so many years that we have to focus on the marriage and the partner. Shaadi to ro dho ke sabne karni hai let hoke fomo mein, whether it is okay to do it at 47 years like Randeep Hooda ji or do it at 40 or 36.  If you do it till then or if you don't do it now then why I want to ask is why proactively the youth is not seeking their life partner proactively middleman system of  Indian Society and the Marriage Market has Kolappan What was an aunt, an aunt, an aunt, a relative, someone in the friend circle used to suggest as soon as the boy and girl were of the same age, tell me, Daso ji.  Koi Munda Daso ji, achcha ji, people used to tell after doing it for the sake of kudi, nowadays no one tells because no one has any guarantee about themselves, leave alone your child, there is no guarantee about how we will look and behave, the head is bursting.  Have you seen what happens in weddings, nobody wants to take this risk because they know that meeting in this is not something, if something good happens, then they will say that we were so great, they were so great, so we were going to have a good relationship, if something goes wrong then that is what is going to happen.  And there are a lot of issues in the marriages taking place on dot com, because there are no choices, the profile list is all turning out to be false, I have it practically in marital consultation.  A lot of issues are coming up regarding love marriages, still we know a little about it. Other wise, all the boys mostly speak 'A', not all can speak, it's okay, if I can't speak all, then I speak a lot of figures, because of course, who can survey these things?  He has been agitating his salary and says that it is not a little, 19 20, so everyone knows that it means a lot, if he gets Rs 15 lakh, then he will be shown a package of Rs 28 lakh, even if the package is Rs 28 lakh,  If you show it then even the viewer thinks that if he is saying 28 packages then maybe it would be 21,22,23 lakhs, that means everyone is aware, the girl's parents are also aware, no one is checking openly but does not ask openly, this is my pre-marital consultation.  If you want to take a course which is wonderful my recording then I have PMC on my number so you can start the consultation yourself or you can ask this question yourself, I am asking that you were bursting, no now.  If it turns out to be worth 15 lakhs then that means you yourself also tell some things which are exaggerated, why do you think that I will ask him 10 questions, if I ask, he will ask the same thing, then everyone is aggravating themselves, so there is something wrong with the dot com people also.  Many people do not want to get married. Delayed marriage is fine. So, if we want to live a traveling life and want to live a long life, then we need to travel. Now we can travel only till one level of our parents, after that it is difficult to even talk to them. This is what is happening these days, siblings are busy with their lives, friends keep coming and going, colleagues keep coming and going, so with whose support do you spend your life, you definitely need someone, so I am saying that why not you actively and proactively live your life at the age of 222 years.  Learn that do not fall in love so quickly in college because there is no clarity on the definition of high value woman and high value man.  I am giving in happiness course, if you guys have not joined yet then you can board the climbing bus there h2 I have whatsapp2 three classes are done, two four five are left if you are here and you are 24 and I am speaking like me  If you are actively seeking a partner, then why are you not actively seeking a partner because you are here? You want a partner somewhere along the way, as our Acharya Ji, the one with wisdom and knowledge, says, do it with someone bigger than yourself who will lift you up.  So you need someone to lift you up, okay, here you need butt brother, this one, then do you have the duty of lifting this one, then this one will go out of the screen, the hand there is watching, everyone is thinking in this matter, okay then?  You think that this one will come when I am here, now it will take four-five years to get from here to here. In your thought process, to get from here to here, it is possible that this one will go here and if this  You can do this with this one, this one with this one here  But it may be that some other time you are here, this one also happens here. If this is happening to my mind, then I think I have achieved my aim because my aim is to make my head order to think that you have understood this thing, brother, you are here within 24 years. Grab the one here, no one else, then rest is your luck and hard work because this is a very big purpose, every buddy in life is waiting for that ultimate partner, very beautiful, very tall, very polite, very good boy, I want a very good boy whose  Maa Na Ho Hum Aapke Hain Koun Jaisi Hum Aapke Koun Mein Saas Nahi Hoti, Do you know that picture was such a super hit, the songs were Renuka Shahane ji, Mohnish Bell was the star, Salman and Madhuri were there, I am sure many people must have seen the movies.  No one observed in that entire movie that Aloknath was also there in it. You will remember Anupam. Well, there was no mother-in-law in it. There was no delay, no mother-in-law in that. Okay, so the girl wants such a thing that she can get such a thing and she is not getting it.  The boy's mother is alive everywhere. I am not finding such a boy. Okay, the boy's father is seeing that I am not able to find such a girl to complete the programs I am looking for. I am making myself proud by doing so much while doing so. Till then brother, then you do n't want to reach the age of Randeep Hooda ji. Randeep Hooda ji is a star, if he wants to do it, he will do it, he will definitely find someone, but are you a star, is it in that profile that you have been there for so many years? weight your  In the journey of life, because if the journey is not important, the destination is not important, because there is no destination in life, that is, when the program is done at a time, it is final, the final destination, rest of the stops come like stations.  Come and the journey is also such that it is in your hands to turn the train or ship of your life as per your wish, the main thing is who is sitting with you and who is sitting next to you.  There is no focus, half of them are sitting scared, the one sitting next to me is this girl who was born 498. To put it on our family, it means that half of the women are born that oh, she is a girl, but all of us are boys only for training.  It takes 12 years of school and college and those who study for 18 years say 498, do good training, we have to complete 498, half of us boys are in fear of this, girls have their own things going on.  I don't know whether she is a beauty queen or what she would be like, a girl earning 30 35 400 thousand rupees, a boy earning less than 1.5 lakh rupees, she doesn't care about the program and then she has to leave that 3035 job because that 1.5 lakh person will say leave it.  Meaning, I will not compromise on my two because of your 30s, even though we do n't meet much and all this is going on, she is sitting at home and not doing anything.  They also want that if brother earns one lakh and a half lakh then why do we want a boy with one lakh and a half lakh because my father is so rich, oh father is rich, what are you, this is true of the new generation and the old generation is not giving clarity in this. You all get married, suggest something good, suggest a good girl, suggest a good boy, there are no good girls, there are no good boys, like there are no great parents, there are no good parents, there is no good child, everyone is in their life.  You are good, you want the best, you are not the best, yes, you are not good at all, you are average, average will get average, marriages are the best, where there is no expectation, I am average, this is also average, we both are worthless, Chal Baithe, which song?  Do Hum Do Lover song and put it in its tuning. Yes, your number is less, my number is also yours too, I have got a rubbish job after crying, I have also got a rubbish job after crying, your parents too.  They do n't pay much money to you, even my family doesn't even weed, let's go, I love you Lami and let's settle down and play from house to house, it's not like this, it's not like this, it's thoughts and programs, it's wants, it's desires, it means something more, every big ego is writing checks which.  The body cannot cash is the dialogue of Top Gun, it is everyone's ego and she is saying that brother, bring this check and cash it, the body does not have the strength to cash it, I also want to say the same. I really liked the dialogue of the movie I saw recently. It's about some ladies riding a motorcycle. I don't even remember the name of the movie. I heard it while walking. I have n't seen the movie. But the dialogue is good. Humrahi Hum.  The journey is more important because your journey is not possible, it is the final destination. When your program ends, then who is your companion, your quality of life is decided along with him. The journey is not spent with friends, but with parents. Not all of them can be cut off because they are not the ones who can live beyond the limits. Those who have children, children also go to their own place, friends go, siblings go, parents go, then there is definitely a need for a companion, there is no active learning for that.  They are doing a lot of soliciting programs, a lot of dreams are being made but they are not going to attract in real life, more are going to dot com, more profiles are being checked, a lot of theta is being invested, these are the relationships of the heart.  Leap of trust is done in Leap of Trust. It should not be done by telling too many lies. It should be done by asking directly. What are the 30 questions that I have taught in the Pre Marital Consultation Course? Ask clearly, talk and actively seek.  A good spouse, you are a 24 year old boy, you are looking at a 22 year old girl, go and tell me brother, you are looking very good, you get married, she will also ask questions, what will you become, how will you do, what is it, then yes, it is good.  Money is also placed on horses. It is not all about the fact that only if the race will win, I will bet money on the horse and in the same way boys also have to see, there should be a leap of faith, he is not there, who will help me, I am nothing right now, hey.  Ask, I have n't even got a job yet. Even people have said that there is a girl and her father is raising her. There is a boy and his father is raising him. They are raising him. If both of them get married, then both of them will be raised by their fathers. Will contribute individually  At least the expenses will be less and since now it is the responsibility of both of them, they will do something or the other. This is a very conservative advice. Yes, this generation will not agree. Hey, in olden times too, it used to be very timely that one should get married before going to college.  She would go to college, then the boy would go to college, then he would go to study abroad, then he would become a lawyer, then he would fight for the India Freedom Movement, then he would become a great man, and they would also have six-seven children and he  Life  Was it well lidded or are they still taught in the books that it happened like this? So I am not saying that you should get married in 1819, I am saying that no husband is going to tear your books if I tell the girls.  You still have some grades left to study and no wife is going to come and do that. You have got more than a girlfriend in a legal framework. Every aspect of yours is of hormones in youth and she is looking at mobile all the time.  You are passing your time, you are doing that too, things will go away from your mind because your program has been done properly, you enjoy yourself for four, five, six years. Who is saying that the girl gets married at 22 and the boy gets married at 24?  If it happens, now start having children in six months, one year or two years, have two children after two, four, five or six years, but your girl's parents are not worried about you and she has a husband, so he is roaming around and enjoying and so on.  had to be raised too  Where is that 22 year old girl going? She must be 27, she must be 28, she must be 30, she is sitting at home, what is she doing, she is doing a job worth 400 Haj, what are you doing right now, we will find a boy, we will find something, we will find the same thing in 30.  Daughter-in-law's name is not like this, why will you get any great daughter-in-law? Brother, Kant is a girl earning Rs. 300, Mary is a boy earning Rs. 50000, only Rs. 800 Haj.  The boy who earns 700 thousand rupees does not settle for some big, I like 15 20 25 30 40 thousand, then someone's increase or decrease, his future luck will be seen. Why is so much theta being imposed because the marriage is taking place after applying the thet.  Then it is not working because it goes for two to two and a half lakhs, then its advertising programs increase that we are a big price catch, then somehow someone buys you from that price catch. After giving something big in the marriage market, you do not understand that control later because you have been sold once but then again that is like someone who is sold in IPL says that you had taken it for the cricket match but he says  That now you will have to give advertisement there and you will have to dance there too because that is the contract itself, if you buy it then there is problem in those things also, so why are you bidding yourself? These days are it boys or girls or not, we will go to the highest bidder, we will do this to ourselves, why are we not learning proactively on time, because our journey is very important, many people are saying that if we do not get a good partner, then we do not need a partner, oh brother.  The journey of life is going on, it will not go on without our companion and if we accept this principle, which I had this theory of mine earlier, then someone first put poet type words that brother, the journey is not. Important is your destiny, the company is important, your partner is important, we are together and our partner is important and we are saying no, I will survive without him, I need someone else, yes, I love myself, I am good at singing.  It seems but there is a need to love yourself, if the work does not last long then I hope, these things seem to be abstract things, there are no such searchable topics, okay I hope  I hope you guys enjoy, I come from this thought process, so I am not pushing that it has to be done, I am saying that there is a large section of people who are tired and ripe and are not going to do all this.  But are you happy? Ask anyone who has not taken the decision of marriage. If you are 50 years old then ask someone who is 45. Every buddy regrets there is not a single. Look, you will have friendship for 3035 years. Friendship will end, time will pass, testosterone is high, dopamine is high, there is a system of hormones, people meet, time comes, a stage comes, then no one asks you, no one in your family even asks, you become that aunt, you become that uncle.  You become someone who is not married and you are seen in a different way. Otherwise, should we force you to catch the train which you have missed? Learn actively by saying that this is what and I am seeking this.  This is my partner dot co According to me, real people work wherever you work, whatever is your sphere, learn actively there, these are the marriages that are taking place, I used to live in Ambala, I will marry someone from Indore, these are the marriages I  As a marital consultant, I am speaking responsibly. Not much is going on. I don't know whether it is in Indore, what was it in Ambala, what was the story, what was the back story, what is the thought process here. At 100-1 km, language and food and everything else changes, be careful, everything gets married inside Ajman, because how are those marriages happening, like those houses are bought on 99 Ikar magic brick, not in one CR of BH.  I have done so much like this, I have put something like that, I am getting married, the package is 18 to 28 lakhs, I want this much, I want a boy, I want this much, you are not buying a house, you like this, it is some times, right?  Like I sit in screener.in many times and when I was doing research, in such a company you put RE more than 15, RO at 20, profits in last this thing and market cap, so much so that you call it filters, it is fine.  So you put filters, if you put five or six filters then 15-20 companies come up and the dividend payout should be so much that there should not be any loss in 10 years. Promoter Holding  You should be above 60, you put 10-12 filters like this, as an investor, you have to research so many companies, then you got 12 companies, now you will see those 12 companies. Out of these, you have seen, now you are doing research in those 12.  Okay, and then you are selecting like this, marriage does not happen like this, marriage does not happen like this, you just do it like a tailor, because what is the point in that, because of the SEBI, the disclosures are made by the company, so the company is very strict.  The market cap you have entered is Rs 10000 crore and it is of some company, its dividend is Rs 10000 crore, it has no losses, its promoter role is in its actual, so the data is correct, the only problem is that when you are entering it here, you will get the result.  But to check it like that, there is no guarantee that everything is being told correctly. There is a mismatch in the photo you have posted. This photo has been posted.  If a boy or a girl meets anywhere and in real life, the program is up to this point, then from there the red flag should be raised that this photo is fake, it is a year old, it is 4 years old, it is fake, when is it more sexy?  You were looking young, it seemed that now this is it, this should be a red flag, I hope this is a little abstract things, you people like such topics, Tilly should learn, you don't get it, mom, aunt, there is nothing to tell about the relationship, you You go and learn, you say, mother, aunt, aunt, maternal uncle, daughter-in- law, friend, uncle, tell me, I am the boy, I am willing to get married, tell me a good girl, when the man himself will go, not without, then I will take care of the rest.  If you tell me then they will definitely say that it is my child and his, he is a very good and decent boy, he is very nice, now is the time to get married, this is the best time to find a life partner, boys will get girls, boys will get girls, historic like this.  It's okay, which song is it, is it the bride's friend, sisters, I have forgotten the food, okay, Hare Dupatta wali, which song is it? Hum aapke kaun's song, okay, if it goes, it goes, it is brother-in-law's sister-in-law, not brother-in-law's.  Sisters, sorry, okay, I am missing the one with green dupatta, okay, so she will be like this, brother, have you seen this in real life, first of all, I am liking it, oh yes, it is looking very good, what else is it, okay?  The scope is not much, no problem, there is no money, there is not much, I feel something is there, there are relationships of the heart, look a little at the chemistry, all of them are after math, okay then find a partner, talk, see, be proactive yourself, whatever is your criteria.  Tell me, see, they are not seeing that romance, romance, I am not saying that, the society has become like this, inflation will be so much, inflation is a witch, it is okay, she has eaten a lot of desires, it is okay, but still.  Also, find real boys in the real world, find real girls who are naturally smart and intelligent and have that kind of people around you and they do n't wait for mom and dad and do this actively. Parents should also say that son, you too.  I am also searching, father is also searching and everyone is searching and this is the biggest task of our house and you start searching at the age of 23-24 and if you find somewhere right then get it done.  Do n't wait on 28th we will start searching or when this house will be built, when will the house be built, when will we buy the plot, when will we buy the plot, when we will get our share of the first floor of Greater Kailash in Delhi, when we will get that share, when your  Grandmother will go, he doesn't know when Grandmother will go, so it means right now his whole system is working like this, he is sitting like oh, first my grandmother will go, then the greater class will be sold and then uncle.  It will be divided among the uncles, then our share will come, then we will take a plot, then we will build this house, then we will go in search of this, you will be 35, dear grandmother, this is a rob, God bless grandmother, live a long life, okay, your planning can't be like this, this planning is prevalent in many houses. Parents do not speak exactly like this, but what is going on in their mind is like this and then they are saying that in real life now you become something and stand on your own feet.  Stand up a lot, he said, don't become Elon Musk, he is fine, he is not going to do anything great, his work is as good as he is, get it done, no, our status is this.  Your status was grandfather's contribution in this and you took advantage of inflation. If you had assets, then your status is not this. You are the cash flow, it is yours and your son 's is this, so your status is this. You think. Yes, girls, you will get these, but you are not getting these because those girls are saying that this house will be run by the mother-in-law, what will our son get in the name of father, so it is a demanding program, so you leave it, you are this one.  You bow friend, you do this by doing that I hope you have got insight from this, you will learn something from this, please watch these videos on your WhatsApp 2, the people of 1960 whose children are getting married right now are sitting there, okay early.  People of 70's, 1970's and 1960's are afraid of this, you should correct your thoughts, your child will not get married, he will miss his train, if the age of 2829 is called a boy, the age of 25 to 26 is called a girl, if the age is more than this then you should not call it boy or girl, you will say this. Don't say that there is a 32 year old girl, there is a boy, tell me no, there is a boy, a girl, a boy, a girl, they say that there is a Vaad in our Haryana, is that Kacha Pan okay, is it his? Meaning, I really don't know that vulgar meaning, there is none, I hope I don't think it is so, but there is that naivety, there is an innocence, there is no such thing, marriages are happening in such a hurry, the wedding season is going on.  Nowadays, that's my analysis, even after marriage, people show me photos and do face readings, I feel like there should be some innocent excitement in marriage, some excitement at least.  It 's not so late, where is the excitement of getting married, where is the excitement sitting in this way, well, this tune is this washed up tune, you are supposed to be the happiest person in that wedding album. They know what is ahead, at least you should be happy but it is not so, it is getting delayed a lot, life partner is very important, marriage is very important on time, life is very important.  Is it like that question paper is not given to you in a timely manner and the paper will be given in three hours, if you have not given the paper then you are not going to go ahead, then that bus is a very great thing, it is being made and  It is said by some donkey that age is just a number, no age is not a number, not just a number, age is a very important thing, ask any four year old, he will tell you how old are you, you are four  He doesn't say every year, I am four years, three months is very clear, it has been four years and three months, if you ask a 70 year old, he has nothing of 70, 72, 75, because he has enough, but he is more like a child than a teenager.  Ask how it feels in one and a half years, two years, two and a half years. In three, three and six months, age has a huge scope. Many things seem right only on time. People go to hell by giving birth to children in old age.  They are making the lives of their children. At the age of 42, the child is learning to ride a bicycle at the age of 4. It takes life for the 6 year old to run behind. 28 30 32 34 year old father runs away. Now how fit will he become at 47 years.  You should build muscles now and have children otherwise by the time the child is born he will ride a bicycle at the age of 54. The big athlete type who are superstars also find it difficult to run. Do not give birth to children in old age.  When they say that they suffer a lot in America, they are called parents and grandparents and when they are children of 182 years, the father is 65-68 years old, so now he is undergoing treatment, now you are never happy.  Mila, you are just serving him, then you yourself are getting married late because this is the program in your family, this is the story of many homes, do some things on time, many things have value only on time, delay.  After doing it, that taste is no longer there, then that right partner is great, there is no point in getting it so late, I tell you in astrology, if the Mahadasha of Venus is not coming, then why wo n't you go? If the Mahadasha of Venus is written in someone's 90 years, what will he do where? Wait till you taste it. Hey, have fun in Shani's. Okay, take the one whose 20's are going. If Shani's is going, then what happened? Shani's is going, no problem, we will enjoy this one.  Okay, so I hope I will not make astrology out of it but it should be done on time and sometimes what happens is that decisions should be taken in life and then you should work very hard to make them right some times what happens is your decision is not wrong.  It is not right, you can always work to make them right, this is also a good approach, you have taken it as per your wish, this is the right partner through marriage, if it is not right, then it is right for us, you can do it like this also. Don't delay it Humsafar is important but if you have traveled for 50 years without a Humsafar then how much travel is left. Ok then the choice is between traveling and having no Hum Safar so I think Hum Safar is better I think this is my Approach and in the future you will also see the society going in this direction. I hope you understood this thing well. Please share, like, thank you.  you very much