Hello friends, today's topic is Joint Family System in India. Nuclear families used to exist. Joint Family System will be discussed in detail. It can disturb you a bit. It can destroy your belief system. If there is pain, there is strength in pain. May your belief system be there.  It may break and if you understand it, it will be good for you, then write thank you in the comment area and it may happen that your belief system tree, if it is not shaken, does not break.  Be happy that you found out, it was very strong, it is very true, so here they are, you are billed out of it, it is too much, it is not worth asking, in 2023, the old times were very good, nowadays divorces happen, because of the nuclear family, this happens nowadays. Due to nuclear family, nowadays children are not able to be raised well. Due to nuclear family, earlier it used to be very good. Today I am giving you the number one clarity governor of the country. Excellent content in my channel people.  I am going to appreciate it, I am making it clear, if you are not going to do this, then this is the thing, we hold on to old things, we all have old Vedanta, our sanskars before that, color them with alum balm, and even our parents read them.  Isn't this the whole thing, so I have been trying to tell you that this is such a different aspect of it which no one has told you till date because no one has told this about the war in Sharma Sharmi, otherwise there is a youth channel on Clarity, this is very  I am giving great clarity to the youth, understand carefully what I am saying, people do not want to understand, they get distracted, this shyness inside, listen carefully to this joint family system and this is what they say, living with which parent and those people Living with sister-in-law, living with brother-in-law and this is what they call, the system was a very bad system, it was not told to the father, it was a matter of compulsion and it is a very dark thing. Even before, any society within this system was above a drop.  apart  They used to live in setups, they used to live close to each other, thinking that this is my house and entered inside, next to my brother, next to my father, next to his child's uncle, this system was among the rich people who used to do all this like this, according to the animals.  They lived there and did not tell anything about it. Coming to our country, it was not right. If you saw this system, earlier they used to say that you should go there after 50 years. So the child became a 25 year old boy. If his 50 year old father got married. If parents give  You used to go away when you wanted to live together, who came forward to live with you, you had no permanent partner and earlier there was no life expectancy, you used to get married in reality, no one told you like today, like parents for 9095 years.  They are living and from the age of 60 to 95 years they are called Raita, they are in their next generation, people say that you become very negative towards your parents, you become friends of the parents only, the children are there for the parents only.  There is a philosophy, if you ask for a bigger one, it is the responsibility of the bigger one. On the road, it is not always the fault of the smaller one, he has given the BMW, he has kept the control, why is it not broken, you have understood the essence of this family man.  The old system is a very bad system, but it still runs within the village. Earlier, it used to run to some extent. In this, his wife, his wife, brother's cousin's wife, uncle, you, this is that family channel, I will not tell it very openly, but you understand.  What was the condition in close proximity? What was the condition of the animals? There was a lot of harassment of women. They kept them rotating from morning to evening, taming the animals, doing this, doing that, there was no privacy of life, there was nothing to protest if it was so much.  If only this is celebrated, then the family of 10 living in one room in Mumbai's Choice, where the mother and father are living together, you know, celebrate that too, no let's live, no one is so invested in this video. Will make it because it's big Hey, what are you saying? What am I saying right? What am I saying wrong? We should live together. Who will serve them? If you want to serve them, then open the back, take them down to the house, we will serve them. No boy gives tea to his mother.  Nowadays, they have to serve what they have brought for years and we have done so much for us, yes, we have done so much, then it is okay, you do it for your children, this is the most bogus system, this nuclear family system, but you can be a close noise sutra.  and this one thing  For many years, ever since the channel was created, they have been saying that the family should stay close, should not live together, should stay close, it is not necessary for the father-in-law to see his daughter-in-law early in the morning, time is not necessary, it is not a good thing and wearing a saree.  No, so Shakti, everyone wakes up in the same way in the morning, because there is only one kitchen, so we will have to drink tea and water. This one of yours, Tulsi Virani, is no less. Ekta Kapoor released all the serials in the whole of 2000 and made the story a household name because all  Once there was a daughter-in-law, she spoiled the mind of a society, it can happen like this, it can happen only in serials, in order to be practical, the woman will have to be woken up at 2:30 so that she can come at 8:00 in the morning, this program is for you Babuji, Devra ji.  This food for my husband, this and this for my husband, she has sung a song in the morning wearing a saree, she has also given water to Tulsi ji and all of them have reduced, okay, this cannot be practical, there are slaves in the house at eleven o'clock.  The woman keeps roaming around like this without coming, there are so few maids, the children are coming at this time, the children have gone to school at this time, the husband's ticket is short, his tiffin is there, breakfast is served at the same place, lunch is served at the same time, no one can cook anything different.  So much has become of it in the morning, we just get combos of it or in the name of breakfast, we put two pieces of bread in our mouth, which then turns into a meal. There is never any benefit in living together and if this is forcefully told then it will not be explained, but alone.  Mother  And she is a single mother, she was also a single mother, she also had a daughter-in-law, there was someone in the family, now there is no husband, people will have to learn to live alone, everyone in every society will have to learn, if being a single mother, she wants to control everything of her son and daughter-in-law and on  If you want to do it, then not with her, then keep her next to him or live next to him, don't kill, well, I am alone and my wife and mother are with their children, no, no, how can you do this?  It is telling different things, I had already told that there are less people who get distracted, they think differently today, Indians have made a virtual of this system, this Varchi, this system, head, lot of secrets, lot of skeleton, lot of taboos, lot of bad things witch.  Power politics happened in two families, who brought the money, who did the work, who ran whose business, many women were tortured, there is no problem in this in the joint family system.  If you want to do this, then if you are a youth and your grandfather, your father, you hear something like this, then please show the video and explain, very okay, big scandals have happened in the houses which only the elders know, this is also a fact.  You understand because my audience is very intelligent, I definitely don't have much to say openly, you people can understand because speaking too much in this space can distract, love, respect has its own place, just like we live together first, great love.  We live here with only curtains in between. This privacy is very much ours in our family, we know it is nonsense, when you become rich, when you progress in life, you people have become middle class from class, if you have become middle class, then there is space.  It's a basic thing to think about when you give bills to two family members. If you are the head of the household and are 60 years old, then you should keep your daughter-in-law in the room next to you. It will disturb people a bit, but the fact is, no, we are for us.  So there is a daughter, even a daughter should not be kept, a daughter should also be kept separate, everyone should be kept separate, no one has a daughter, this is also a fact, a daughter-in-law is a daughter-in-law, a daughter is a daughter and a son-in-law is a son-in-law, everyone should live separately, me too.  They will say, this is a different matter, someone should take everything for himself and they are called big, there should not be space, you are living on three floors separately, it is a very good thing, kitchen is separate, bathroom is separate, coming and going is separate, sleep is separate, meet you on anniversaries. birthday is  Meet on Diwali, Holi, meet on Monday, meet for Sunday lunch, meet for Wednesday dinner, do everything, do service, come, take whatever money, give phone, give treatment, salute, do everything, but what is the need to remain like this?  Do you have 2bhk 3 bhk tight? No, it is not like this, then where can we buy a house from? Brother, it is not necessary to keep them to live in 11 bhk. It is not necessary for you, we are Jains from our house and this one can buy ours.  So now this is happening, so now yes, then do not marry such boys who cannot give you a separate house. I am not saying to buy, do not rent if you are a buyer and if you can't provide a house.  The house of Independence of your parents, you and your wife are being told to them as a lesson land, earlier it used to be like this, it was very good, it used to be very tight in such a society, why can't children be taken care of, this society flows from this.  Owners live, you live as tenants, then why can't grandparents see them? Keep the grandchildren in their house, tell them, grandchildren, you are the only one, this Baba Rao, live in their taxes for the year, you have your own separate privacy minute.  Do this, who said these people are not on everything, how will the mother stay alone, how will she stay next to her, the wall should not be 5 meters away, the power is alone, the intelligence, the mother should not be 5 meters 10 meters away, if there is no power, then put her to sleep.  Make me sleep in the bedroom, be very close to me like this, how am I saying this in a deliberately sarcastic manner that brother, how loud are I, stay away, if I do one thing, then mother, this is this and this is your room, so there is some distance, so this is  Shakti should not shift to a different house after increasing the distance. If the distance here is 5 m, then here there is a gate, then this one is the second flat, so this one is only 5 m away, so what is the difference, what will happen in this, there is no phone, no bell, no.  There is no intercom, so if anything happens, you will go, no, it is different, the girl's mother has to come, if the boy has to come to you, then the girl will be beaten, the boy will be beaten, the girl will be beaten, so what should the boy do now?  This is also not being done, is it insurance or is it necessary, if not it is the girl's, then remove it because only the boy's mother was shown in the Indian movie, Nirupa Rai Jeetu, what is there because after reducing him to a tailor, Niruparan made him a hero.  She 's a girl, she's such a drop  The caste is the market of the girl wearing a blouse with cut sleeves, so this is the image of the Indian movie which gives her the cut list of 678 of the time, some smart type is going on to poison today and the girl's mother is doing cricket cricket cricket.  So that society today has given that respect to her free bread, today she is the mother of the boys because the society told her that yes she also made a sacrifice, a girl is born like this, this is the caste, she does not have to keep it for 9 months, nothing else would have happened to the society.  It is very important to show the mirror  Hai Sambdi needs tu comment of like this and aate de cost of being just aate de cost of being there are some things in the role in which you people are being fooled don't fool please I am saying family should be 4 meters away which is not  So take the hall, cry in the same room in the rice, remove the B of a forest dweller, take the hall, the kitchen is a big hall, increase the mattresses there, okay, this is the father-in-law's son, this is the son of S.  Keep your daughter-in-law's grandson's granddaughter and this also your sister or sister-in- law, many people keep a young sister-in-law, daughter-in-law, father-in-law, say comfortably in one hall, we are all one, we are all together, now this is this example.  It is also possible, so now let us convert this situation into taxes. Now a child has been born in the room. If you are going to be the father of two children, then here you have to see the girl's parents and daughter-in-law also, brother, the family you are looking for. There is such a thing as a grinding mill or a daughter-in-law, nowadays, there is no ghat which can be used to remotely control the child by pressing a button from there. From 8900 km away, if it is in your SIM house, then son.  You will never pass the paper, you will feed him bread, you will feed him food, your soul will yearn, then you will become sick, then you will tell it to your husband, when your husband will tell your son to grow old, then manly man will accept it, then why doesn't he tighten it? A lot.  Why don't you reduce it? Hey, take both of them out, we will also take what we want to eat. Right now you all have become so good, when you are 80-90 years old, then you all do what I am telling you these things. Then sit together and see, now you are a new father-in-law at 56, because relax, I hope you get the message, it's okay and it's okay to share, it's a little disturbing, but I think do you like this  Video  Because I can tell many more practical things, but I want to see that the story in the society should not be such that the audience gets completely shocked. What is the society, many messages, this is already a phenomenon going on, all this is being discussed by you people. Only when you are relating, you like my topic. You people are understanding everything, you are relating, you are liking it but are not able to speak, so to give you courage, I have made it for you, please share, like, thank you.