Hello friends, a very simple small topic in India, Pari Mapal Agreement, you must have heard that in foreign countries it is written before marriage, if this marriage breaks, you will give this to me, I will give this to you, it will happen like this, it will happen like this, so that Brother, if there is no further trouble, then is this in India, so there is power, it is necessary, okay, first let's talk, is this possible, then the answer is this country, this is en pro marriage country of this, first country of this.  If there is no word of divorce or divorce in World G Color, if there is no Hindi word or Sanskrit word, then that thing does not exist there. Mother, it can happen in you too, separation of relations can happen. Both the husband and wife got separated and it is called divorce in English, Hindi and Sanskrit, you people do it many times, I have given that information earlier, there is no such thing, it is not there, but despite this not happening, come on this page.  People ask such questions which I ask, which they cannot ask to each other but both are sitting and from my questions it becomes clear to them what is their opinion. People cannot even ask their future wife whether she will have children.  Will she give birth or not? Will she not be in the mood to leave? Yes, maybe she might be in the mood to start a startup. So what time you are interested in India, but at least have some discussions, power is not necessary to make it legal because it is a trust relationship.  But would you like the video?  The other thing that I have to tell people through my pet consultation is that they should definitely talk about this before marriage, so if you guys write 77, write it, it is a very hit video, it has got 3 lakh views, I do n't know how much it will be such a hit, how will it happen?  What is meant by the comment is the video, when I read the energy capacity because of the emotions, I do n't speak like this further, something happens and that's what strikes, okay, then seventh things, if you want before marriage, the boy, the girl, and the boy. Girls ask each other once, if you take five, please give 70 pulses, it would be Priya, in India, it is not possible or legal, so you should know that in this country, it is very very pro marriage, that is why divorces keep going on here, nowadays, by doing some mutual concerts etc.  It is butter but still you mean kiss Sanoj, if one partner does not want then it is not possible. If you can take a minute then yes, but he says no, otherwise without me, then it is okay by doing tax with someone else.  It will be a very good video, I can tell you this much, please, I myself, the creator, say, brother, I want to recite the poem, you speak, you speak, it is fine, and I have a stomach consultation, I told that, so I again mean my fairy medical counseling business band.  Because that's what I tell, take money and don't tell anything else, okay, so I have so much passion that if I tell you that thing, then you can also become a primer, which is what I want, because it has to be said that after one stage, it's not reducing the date type.  Am  I am a very busy person, I do very little, so if there are some less bands of mine, then it is ok, they are not mine, but the Avengers are opened, okay, then the date, I am not, the hair is fine, so I think it may be good for someone.  There is a promise of that video, if you watch that video and write a wish, after watching that video, you can become a fairy medical counselor who charges ₹ 500 ₹ 1000 ₹ 2000 and this is my  The fee is very high, well, okay, I am the one who is charging such a high fee, he is also paying the same fee, so of course, you can easily charge him 110 128 13th fee, people are also the story, I am also making consultants in my street, I am next I want you.  Oil because you will have to tell me the story of the channel, no, what is my name, make me consultants out of me, subscribers type, start wishing money, this is the person sitting in front of you, making money by talking like this.  It has been made by the public, it has been made by you and brother-in- laws are not idiots, but okay, let's see because it is definitely there and it is definitely there because the one who shows the mirror to the people also definitely has a mirror. Nothing can be seen. If the dust gets on the face then it is saying this.  This mirror is clean, you can see dust in it, I give you a face, you get paid for it, brother, you have started getting it, we too have become America, now think of this, you are busy in, you don't know what things, you are not kicking your stomach.  small ones  I am doing consultants, you need content, the content has been posted for platinum members, spend it, I am not a looter, you will automatically press the join button, you will know how much and you will also know from the content, there is money at thousand x value, go and see.  If not, then tell me how many other platinum members are there, keep it up, you guys, sorry, okay then write Mussoorie, write for me also, yes brother, we are very good.  Chain Bhature is available, that means Mussoorie is also available, friends, it is good brother, I am enjoying a lot today, write, friend, write because wherever I will kick my stomach with consultation, I will also ask you to do something else, okay but this video.  So 7 will be put for free, this is free for everyone, so you should understand that brother, when this is being given for free from which we can make money, then I would end by telling a small joke behind the scenes.  I am revealing the secret of all the YouTubers, okay and I am telling it very simply, don't judge too much, only those who are in the mail will understand, the boys will understand who are not our Sardar Bhai and the girls who go to get their hair cut. Basically, when you get a hair cut, it does not happen again and again, nor is it calculated, we press it a little like this, here we do a little like this, he and Bhai Saheb do something else and that is 45 seconds.  You massage for 1 minute, press and do this, you also know that the rate of massage is ₹ 100 and whatever it was or 200 or 300 in which you have gone, now its purpose is to give you a little relaxation and a little to take you to the john.  Say yes to him, but he has to be on time, his wife has told him that he can't bring vegetables, poor guy, keep a list for him, do n't be late, it makes sense to someone that he won't come brother, but what are many people?  Sometimes they don't even know what the massage was, they just thank him and go away. Now you understand that they do n't know that there will be 15-20 minutes more massage, the highest money will be given for it, but it will be 15-20 times more fun.  All the people coming on YouTube are just giving a little massage, it doesn't mean that no, they are from us, they have their own model, it is not necessary to tell everyone, today I have told you, so understand, it is okay.  A hint is enough for a sensible person. Many of my subscribers are geniuses, so a hint is enough for a sensible person. You all understand that I am talking to people. You also have to understand that if you are having fun in 45 seconds, then have fun. Here, 45 seconds will do, have fun.  Have to tell that yes 15 minutes is also something ok so date it I bill make people consultants ok in real life you don't required so why would anyone come to us you are rational logical good sweet  You will talk about peace, the world will come to you, even if you do not have any certificate, someone has gone to Ramdev ji and asked for the yoga certificate. Brother, show me the yoga certificate.