Hello friends, today's topic is about war, give something more important this time, happiness is something bigger than happiness, should we chase after happiness, should we chase after happiness or is there any word above this which will bring more joy and happiness, happiness is fine.  So in Hindi, our thought process is very comprehensive, we have to accept that like in English we only speak of mind, we speak of intellect, consciousness also, soul also speak, different men also speak.  It is okay, you should be happy and joyful all the time, so what is there in happiness for happiness, consumption is more, boy will be happy in watching movies, girl will be lover, girlfriend will come, feeling will come, I am happy, if I get something good to eat then sustainability in it is very limited. Whenever something has to be done and it has to be done, then happiness is found and happiness is there as long as it is there. Went to visit a foreign country. Photo khinchali. Went to four-five places and got high.  Well, the honeymoon went for four days and five days, good photos were taken, Mila, then someone did the clipping, the clothes looked nice, the photos were taken, that Mila got happiness, then the word which I want you is, and in that, you will get a date in happiness, the word I want you, you write down.  In your subconscious and somewhere, if many children also believe my notes, I have only requested the video and many people are making it, I know because after watching the video,  Went, remembered, enjoyed, went like a satsang and then forgot. If you keep a small copy then you will write 'World World' and in it you will write two or four lines on every video, if not more than that, then the youth's knowledge will stick with you and then it will become your habit.  Then you can share that knowledge among others, monetize it and live that knowledge. You like to drink alcohol with your friends on Fridays and beat up your boss. It gives you happiness. I am not of the opinion that you should not take happiness, but is it like that?  It is sustainable, then you will have to meet Friday, then you will have to give happiness again, in this a lovely world, I add 99 more to criticize us, it gives happiness, there is no doubt in it, it is okay, people say that one should not criticize, it is okay to criticize, it is okay to criticize.  Brother, if she does something then she enjoys it, then she does it, she must be happy otherwise why do we all criticize her, someone must be criticizing us too, okay then why is she criticized, we say that it is not good but there is a reason.  Don't tell, okay reason, I am telling today that there is definitely happiness in criticism, there is no doubt, but criticism does not reach us. There is no fulfillment in criticism. You may criticize me a lot but you got nothing. You say that this  He is a creator, he makes useless videos and he is useless, he is useless, he is useless, he will still find people who understand me, likes and likes, my views will keep going, maybe you will criticize me, subscribe and subscribe and then go away, one of my  Even if your subscribers decrease, don't you increase your YouTube channel. If you don't run your YouTube channel, you won't get any benefit, so what's the fun in criticizing. There is no benefit. There is no accomplishment. If there is no fulfillment, then fulfillment comes from less. It comes from doing something.  Fulfillment does not come by enjoying something, you understand this is a big difference for the youth because parents say that I see children these days saying things like don't do this, don't do that, but they are sitting and fighting in this. Our children are very smart, they are smart 20-25-30 years, I tell them something logical, I will take them, they are open and those parents, I am just saying, I am just saying, hey, I am just saying, this generation is not kabomony.  Coming, he is saying that friend, you also seem to be mistaken for me, I am not going anywhere, so he keeps fighting with his mother, keeps crying for us, keeps crying for his parents.  He keeps crying about his own brother, please do something like this in a job, I am not getting success, that means he is an average father these days because not everyone has reached here, everyone is in normal jail, look at the one who is 45, 50, 55 years old today.  If you are a youth, look at your father or you are 45, 50, 55. Look, neither are you older than your parents, nor is your wife performing Aarti, nor are your children listening to you, nor is your boss, so how about you?  Listen, because if nothing great is happening in your life, then at least if you start talking logically, there will be no judgments and if you tell things in a proper manner, people will listen, that is why I am telling these things. Note down the knowledge to your children.  Put this one, it is fine and if the children are getting it directly, then it is very good. Tell your parents that this is the way to understand. If you understand like this then we will understand, but you will say like I am saying, I am saying. not him  If it works then we will say fulfillment, we have taught that there is also a word after fulfilling, Google it and understand it in death, okay, what is full feeling, full feeling is that I spent 2 years for something and I achieved it or I Grow in life like if you go to the gym one day, you will not find happiness in it, you will get some muscles, your face will become a little like this, Golu Polu will look a little less, double chin will reduce a little. Sexiness will come, it will feel full and happiness will come, there is no fulfillment in happiness, but in fulfillment, always remember happiness, happiness is very important, my happiness course is going on, now join it also, you will be able to teach many things well, okay, that will get my platinum membership.  If you find it in sangolaj sutra then happiness is very important but not sustainable happiness. If every  For happiness one has to spend a lot, one has to spend every time and if it is sustainable then it will not be visible but if I am feeling something full in life then I am doing this in my actions and not that, I am doing this in this video.  I made a video again, some got views, some did not get subscriptions, then the losses increased again, but if he is a man on a journey, then it becomes fulfilling that in the video I make, I said, marriage is day and night. People told me about marriage, people said, now we absolutely understand that we should do it for the day, I made the idea of ​​body school that children should not be sent to body school, people said, I understand, I will not send myself, okay, when he grows up.  Happiness is full feeling. If I am telling you one thing that friend, understand this happiness and fulfillment, then will I get happiness in this? You understand that people mean directly, there is no happiness, not that I have told you some good thing, I have learned a good thing, I have learned a good thing. Absorb my consultation. I am telling you after extracting the pain and suffering of people from my experience. It is the essence of the years, it is the essence of the experience of thousands of people, it is the essence of pain and suffering of thousands of people. I am telling you just like that.  I am telling you, but if it changes his life, then I get fulfillment. I am telling him by my example that by getting fulfillment, he gets a lasting happiness.  Now he will not run away because he has achieved less, he has already achieved so much, no one can take him from you and then you are on his path, he is on the path of less, he is always doing something, now like our big politicians who are in power.  Leader is a leader, look at him carefully, he is engaged, engaged, engaged at a big level, he is getting only fulfillment from it and he is getting happiness only from fulfillment, so less is very important, this is what is youth.  In this shining one way, from doing, they are preparing or they are directly doing something above and below this, they are trying to run away, they are trying to bypass, they are not taking fulfillment from less, they will have to do less in fulfillment, they will get it immediately.  No, you will reduce the result, you will not get imijetli, you will not get nature itself, you will not get well done, you will not get it, it is not very easy, ask housewife, the duodenum of the house keeps reducing from morning to evening, never clipping. Today's man gets a job, gets married, then has children, there seems to be some other fulfillment when the child becomes something or the child becomes bigger than your height or you feel something from within, there is happiness in hard work, there is happiness in hard work. Full Film What Are If you do gardening, you planted a tree, you saw the plant becoming a big plant, you saw the plant becoming a tree, you saw the Taurus giving you fruits, then this whole process takes time, it takes hard work, it takes presence, it takes something special to come again.  This is a full feeling experience, then happiness comes from here, but it is in anything, in relationships, in job, in money and investment, today people need it. Dalia brother, how much will it be in 1 year, how much will it be in 6 months, take a plot.  I am wondering how many yards will be increased because I have taken 80000 yards, now this amount of 95000 has become 15000, I will get it, I do not get it like this in investment.  If you don't get it anywhere then go on a sustainable basis in life. Go for long life. It is said that life is not very big but it is also not so small that I get happiness every 15 seconds or 15 minutes or 15 days. Keep having some patience.  Will you have to keep me, will you keep patience, will you remember this word fulfillment? Will you now reduce your life to those who give you fulfillment instead of saying to Shobha ji that I am happy, I have bought a car. Photo  khinchali It gives you a famous happiness rate Is this car very expensive or I am looking very sexy And nobody and interested Nobody is interested of Eiffel Tower and smiling and all nobody it max respect people full miserable and give you date you get a kick in that  If it is so then it is not happiness, it is not fulfillment and going clicking photos from where cannot be a full feeling experience because  Next time, I will have to go somewhere else to feel it again, then I am not able to say that now don't roam around, don't enjoy, eat and drink but that's for him, find happiness in it, you should be full field in life, be happy, be happy and have a full field.  Happy man is doing different activities, jumping from top, climbing mountains, doing anything. Happy man can do anything. There are activities and here he is doing anything and showing it to anyone.  I am not doing this just to show what is going on in our life, we do not have a full field in life, there is emptiness, brother, you also know that for how long I have been showing this to show what is actually happening to me.  If you don't have a full feeling, then reduce the things in which you fill the full field. Now if someone is getting impressed by it, then it is his by- product. If not, then it is his problem. It is okay, you will get your happiness in it, but you will give it to others.  keep trying to show I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy. People who are really happy never speak. There is no need to speak. You will know on their faces, in their speech, in their lifestyle, in their pauses, in their vibes. Man, this guy is happy. There is no need to speak.  If not only then I had tried to make it a little deeper. If you understood, how many understood, how many would implement it and how many would write big words, write the word, write the full film, write the English word.  Write it down, okay, write it down somewhere that friend, I will go after this and to go after this, what are the activities that I need to do that fill me, grow from within, remove my emptiness, the problem is not there today.  It seems that if you get clarity for action then give date this is good but just provision listening and leslies I see elderly people listening these channels are open they are saying Baba constantly this is how it happens this is good  It happens, we should do it like this, we should do it like that, uncle, do something, then it happens only by apologizing, Ramdev ji also says, without doing it, it doesn't happen, now keep looking at Ramdev ji, tomorrow we will do Bharti, will it be yours? Does Anulom Vilom feel very good?  Don't keep listening, don't you will full movie and doing this thing will only full you and full movie, you do n't have to go again and again for the feeling that it is like petrol has been put in the car, you have to go and drink alcohol, friend Singh.  You need people who clap, if you don't find people who do that, then you will get the slogan, how can you get a chair somewhere, chair means position, now position is needed so that these people get these people, so that I can make you happy, then you are going on the wrong circuit now. Do less that fulfills you and in that there is no scope of failure in Dependency Book Learning Something New Earning Mani Investing Well Growing Plants Gardening Whatever is less in fulfillment there is no scope of failure  Polishing your shoes, keeping your clothes in good condition, keeping your house clean, changing your bedsheet, there can be no failure in this, you understand, keeping your books organized, keeping documents organized, keeping your mind clear, do not get into trouble with people, a little, all this is complete.  There is a feeling and there is no failure in it that I want promotion, I want it now, I want it so quickly, you can do something on your own, computer can do better, then people are in pursuit of those things. I have a big hope on this.  Discussion can be done through video shot and you have given WhatsApp group below me, but I will do webinars sometime. If you enjoy joining such webinars, then please join because I am creating a community, I am creating an info group. Those who have taste in all these things enjoy it and in the end there will be action, it will not be like satsang, they come and just mean some call, you will have action, you will have to do it, if you do it in life, then you will enjoy, thank you very much.