Hello friends, quick work, this has been a belief system of Satan in our country for many years, we will question it, we will try to change it a bit, if you guys enjoy then tell me, first of all, how many of you agree, most of you will agree.  Because this has been said, today we will ask him because look, 2024 is going on if we do not regularly question the old belief systems and do not crush them or do not tweak them a little.  Due to the present time, there is a hindrance in the progress of the country, there is a hindrance in the thinking process because of the belief system, this is what is going on because all the elders have said it but now it is not being implemented in practical life. What is the reason trying to say?  I believe that life throws opportunity and the window is very small and the decision making is not happening because somewhere it is the devil's work. Take, this is a true thing, but what to do, whenever I tell you about opportunities in two or four places in life, five or six things happen in a person's life, decision making, job, then marriage with a boy or girl, third, you find the status of investments in the stock market.  Fourth, take up real estate. Any opportunity comes, should I do it or not? I need time to think because the work of haste is of the devil, the work of haste is of the devil, I also agree, but what to do now when time itself is short for us.  If you are getting it and the one who is taking the decision is going ahead in life, the one who is not taking it is taking a turn while doing the king, then the solution is this, first of all look at it that haste is the work of the devil but when in the exam you have to  If you get time, you have to answer quickly, haven't you already prepared for it? Similarly, whatever major decisions you take in life or whatever opportunity comes your way, carry templates of them.  People for example, I will try to explain two or four things that I do with their examples. Marriage: You have to marry a girl, you have to marry a boy, please make a pen picture and keep it on time, write down your desires.  Keep in mind that it does n't mean that now I will think about it because when some good decent proposal comes, I say decent, it is never the ultimate, so now you get lost in the process of thinking because right now it is not happening that a  When a girl goes to a marriage or a boy goes to a proposal, he is constantly moving, as they say, he is always a radar, he is moving in such a way that if I get a lock on anywhere, I will find a target.  So he is not acting only on you, he is acting like this on everyone, it is okay for everyone, here and there there are some judge- related things, if you have some knowledge of him, then I am telling you with his example, so he is locked on, anywhere, anytime.  It is possible  If it is on any, then you have to see that if you feel the matter is right then you can lock it on there, but that will happen only when you have made a template in your mind. Same thing in real estate, if you have to purchase something, then first you have to do these things.  The market has to remain and the template has to be maintained. The same thing is, if you are not investing in the share market or you feel that the valuation is high, then you should always have to be in the market. 203 Stocks in Watch List In which you are following the companies, reading their annual reports, reading their quarterly reports, looking at their data. If you want to buy an automotive company, then you are monitoring its monthly sales. And steel prices, you are monitoring everything else, interest rates, you are monitoring everything, only then you will take the right decision when you will feel that now there is a correction in the market. Look, when there is a correction in the market. Shares fall but shares can fall even more, correction can come even more, so choose which one, that window will get shortfall, then they will do the devil's job of haste, then keep thinking, then do it with a bang, it will bounce again and again.  That once the bottom is out, it is always known in hindsight. There is a real estate market in Gurgaon by Dwarka Expressway. You would know that its prices were at the rock bottom in January 2019. Even before that, they fell.  After falling due to demonetization, it started rising again from 19, it is going on rising but this is known only later, at that point of time you will have to take decision in what ever information is available to you, success in that only. Money is made only in that and quick decisions are often what happens when a person is taking a decision, he is a wise person then others feel that the decision is being taken very quickly.  The one who is taking the decision very quickly, the one who is a student, he has spent hours of time, beyond that he knows all the templates about it, he just fits four things in that template at that moment like there is a formula and from that he gets  I get to know whether I should do this or not, that is why it is a little deeper through this video. I am not able to bring many examples. I am not able to bring many examples but you have to see who will wear the clothes in the morning.  What to wear is also a decision making, this is how you wake up in the morning, so can you choose according to the day, brother, on Thursday, I will wear yellow, on Monday, I will wear white, on Tuesday, red, on Wednesday, green, Thursday, yellow, Friday, gray, blue, Saturday blue.  Make Sunday orange and keep it as your wall. It is important for you to wear gray every day like Mark Zucker Bug because you cannot wear it every day, we are the country of India. We need brightness, we cannot go wearing gray everyday, so wo n't it be good for you to be quick in decision making? Now it will not be the devil's job to hurry in this because time has to be limited because time is limited and many decisions will have to be taken.  Okay, and sometimes it is the devil's work, so you have to become a devil too, because life is not giving you opportunities, as soon as something comes, you have to decide because whoever is on that side of the system, as I say, I am also on this side.  I am you  I am not on the side of the people that you are listening to me, so here we all are people who tell stories, be it politicians, YouTube, actors, be it marketing people, whenever we bring something for you people.  Brothers and sisters, it will always be like this that brother do something quickly and do that quickly, it does not mean that anything is wrong but only the one who is prepared can take advantage of it, otherwise wise people will foam it, okay. fear off  Missing out: This fear of missing out is being created. Sometimes the fear of missing out is real. It happens in reality. When my mother used to say in my childhood, the bus has come, the school bus has come, get ready quickly.  She was not creating fear of missing out that you will miss out on the school bus, it is coming comfortably, it is lying, no, the bus was really coming, it was really missing, this is the truth of life.  Same truth is true in relationships, you have to get married, there is a template for it, life will take question paper from you, no, you will not get attempt, no, first let me settle, let me become like this, more videos beyond this, if you want, then I will come because of decision making, marriage  The one is doing very poorly in jobs, still people are able to see and nowadays youngsters have become a little smart and have started thinking beyond just a little money. That's how the work life will be, how is the growth, how is the respect, how is the work environment, people are becoming a little smarter these days, which is a good thing, okay but how to run relationships and marriage is getting killed here. Towards this, a great workshop on relationships.  I am doing it on 30th March, I am doing it on Saturday, from 11:30 to 1:30 pm, whatever you want is paid, it is okay, whatever you want to attend.  If you want, you can write R for Relationship in the below given whatsapp 2 hours your queries and in it case studies and live a solutions, all that will be a lot of fun, I can say that it is ok, you will enjoy a lot for two hours, recording will also be given to you, you will also get notes.  Banana And you can also become a small consultant after attending a workshop so hope to see maximum of you in that thank you very much