Hello friends, I have just come to the review of Jawan movie after watching the picture and I have not checked it on social media that people are saying good, bad, saying great. By doing this, my review is completely independent, ok, independent review.  Whenever you see that I make videos, my energy levels and smile remain the same, I am getting a headache if I tell the result in the beginning of the movie, I get angry, which is called Haryana and Disruptor, okay and meaning.  I am so  I wanted to do a good one. If it was a good one, I was thinking that they will tell me something good but it is not like that. Others may sing praises, do something. Without much spoilers, I will just be telling. If you see, if you have not booked the ticket then you can avoid it.  It is okay that the ticket can be cancelled, normally no one should say this, but brother, this ticket of Rs. 900 is in Omus Mall, this is from Oxwali and many others, you know, a person normally does not go alone.  They are known, then take that popcorn and do so much, brother, not worth the effort and time at all, meaning at least at lease, it seemed that some meaning, I don't know what would be a great thing, there is no greatness like this and I am so disappointed.  That means such a good star cast, money and they waste it like this, the army doesn't know what has been shown, how it has been shown, I am disappointed that for a person like Shahrukh, I started with Fauji serial if you remember and that means  Actually I don't know what was happening in the middle of the judge, he did good roles, there was fuzzy etc. There was no one to teach him about uniform dress. Gauri ji, I am the producer of the movie. Gauri Khan ji, she is a daughter of Colonel Saheb and what is that uniform?  And what kind of dress is he wearing and who is he by doing the acting that he is doing in it? He has made a commando team and has included those who are called side actors. Call it a supporting actor and it seems like he was frying just now from a halwai shop, meaning the person he was frying doesn't have a big stomach and told him to come quickly and he doesn't know what made him wear such a shoddy shooting, so shabby late.  Let me tell you this is cheating with customers, if we are customers then it means the picture has been made very cheap. Anybody who has any sense of sets, budgeting and all that, I do n't know who said that the budget is very expensive, this is a very cheap picture.  I have made it, I have saved a lot of money and now whatever money it earns, the picture is bound to be a hit because by the time it will be word of mouth and by the time the world comes to know, it will be 400 300, I don't know how many crores these openings will have. This congratulation this that congratulation that all this will happen I am telling my subscribers with great responsibility I am telling this with so much responsibility  I am also telling you that effort and time can be saved because for a person like me, I watch two-four movies in a year, I watch maximum two-three movies in that too, and I go into my life with the big thought that man.  This one will be fine after typing, that way it is a disruptor, it is fine, big disruptor means you guys had seen Pathan, I had reviewed it and it also had big issues but Pathan was still the athletic one.  Wisely, the feel of the movie was better, at least it was rich, if nothing else, the foreign shooting where it was done, it was nice to see the sea, doing one thing or the other, here the reef is also like this, nothing else, they don't know anywhere here.  Where have you shot, in Chennai? Have you done that here? Have you captured that jail scene? What fake jail has you made like that? There is no jail like this, meaning the premise of the basic movie is that Indians, if any outsider watches it. take a movie  By mistake, I mean even as an Indian, looking at the Indian bo these days, it seems that we are so stupid, is it that in 1980s movies were made like this, the way they used to show politicians and businessmen, businessmen, thieves, politicians, everything and some messaging, for one, I feel sad.  It is also sad for Shahrukh ji that I do n't know about Hindu-Muslim, you people know how much the boycott has gone on, now it has gone to the other extreme in the sense that I do n't know who.  For C content, first of all you are saying there, Vaishnav Devi is going to Tirupati, he is going here, witch is okay, who has to go to everyone, but everyone understands that sense, I am a person with Guru element, I am open.  I am going to talk about, you guys know why we are afraid of doing so much, it is needed, and here is the ridiculous stupidity of force, nationalism, which nationalism does it mean, if our army and soldiers become brothers like this, then the country will  Aise Thodna means things have been shown in such a stupid way Ek Koi Arms means comedy Comedy Vijay Sethupathi is a very fine actor I most of us have seen him in Farzi and Shahid Kapoor's series Very likable person and good actor but do n't know him  What has been made here, I am not able to understand that he is a villain, he is a comedian, that means I am not able to understand that thing, Deepika Padukone has applied some of her own logic, look anywhere, people, I also know.  People say it is a movie, why are you using so much brain, not so much, not a little, not at all, if you come with so much brain out, there is no sense and this Tom Cruise makes the movie Top Gun, leave it, he is of a very high level which he  Mission is impossible, anything can happen, some make sense, some get excitement, so much, we tell you that one, it means, if you do n't even know how to fly a car, learn it from Rohit Shetty, outsource it. He is an expert in those things, cars are flying, something is happening, action is happening, he was taking the dialogue from a movie, which was sounding a bit okay, when he does the movement, there is no whistle on that too. End  I was feeling so much in the hall. For a person like me, I am also a little excited. If I was even a little good at things, I would have done this but then they were not the only ones doing these movements and everybody.  But it's like wanting the movie to be good and there should be a whistling scene or excitement, it should be good, it should be so long, so long, if they talk about a show of 1240 in the cinema hall, it will start at 11155. Watch the very 35 minute ad first.  So I have a request to Shahrukh ji, my friend, you have earned a lot of money in Pathan, Jawan will also earn, Dinky is also coming in the future and you will be a hit in one year.  Billion dollars in net worth, I may be the first entertainer in India to achieve that net worth, at least this, this is this Gutka wala, which one comes, man, stop doing that Jama Kesari, okay, add Juba Kesari, that second one, that Nowadays one more ad is coming in it, you will say while reviewing the movie, I am telling you about Garam Garam Khoon, Kajaria's ad is coming in that too, nationalism comes first, Akshay Kumar comes in it. Now Ranveer Singh has started coming in it, he is also firing bullets, there is some talk of patriotism, man, who will tell this, man, they think that patriotism is the latest thing, you will de-sensitize it to Indians and Indians towards this.  The patriotic thing is creeping into everything so much that it just feels too much, it is like a complete waste of time and effort music.  The song is not good, Other Than, that old song which one tries to sing a little in the train in the beginning, Other Then, that 15 second song is fine, nothing, any song is not right, it is fine, that heroine's eyes, Tara ji le rakhi hai, meaning absolutely perfect Dum Dum means what Dum goes to show to women that whenever a female cop comes, it will be shown that he cannot do anything, his background is very strong but when he comes from this, he out smarts.  It is very very very very sad that as our time is increasing, film making should be better, stories should be better, so no one knows, some people have written the story in such a way that brother, such scenes will happen, something like this will happen, one should be from here.  It will be like this, Atlee is coming, the song is coming and that role will be like this, I am not giving any spoilers, it is not that I am in the mood, I am saying that go park the car, go up in the lift and get out, brother, very very disheartening less.  Tell it somewhere now [Praise] brothers, that too, it was a thing to come fool, here also fool come, some age-n-dian audience will not get anything right, we will not get anything good to understand, we will not get to see anything with good brains, that is, it is exactly what has happened. I mean, look at how low your IQ is, that means you are eating popcorn with a ticket worth Rs. 1200, Rs. 1200, 900, popcorn worth Rs. 400,500 and the world is sitting like this.  Then you are showing such poverty and something like this, this is happening in India, this is happening a lot, I can't relate, brother, who will watch the ticket in Chennai which is ₹ 663, in Gurga it is ₹ 900, which is a hit after the movies in South India.  It is 300, 400, 500 crores, they earn a lot of foot falls, they have a lot of foot falls, neither in fifth nor in sixth foot fall, they will earn more money than that, meaning if it is 100  People are watching and they are watching 500, so the collection is getting equal. Just think about it, not even 500, it means 63 and 900, I am telling the research from my side, so the final will be that if you have not gone till now.  So don't go and those who have seen it, okay, my subscribers are so angry with this because I am absolutely right, many times what happens is that you have heard people, maybe someone else has made a negative review.  Or are all of them out of 10 coming back positive? I really don't know. I just came and went in this shirt. I came here and am sitting like this. I mean, I haven't even drunk water like you. I said, once from inside I felt very sad that  Friend, let me tell you why should it be someone else's, I have so many subscribers, okay why should it be wasted and I am telling this with great responsibility, I have to kick someone's stomach, brother, that.  The picture has been made on a very low budget. Earn a lot of money. Do n't waste your time. This is a low level picture with a very low budget. This is not a big budget picture at all and whatever money it earns will be 100% profit.  And beyond the theme and system that has been put in place, it has been made such that all the politicians are fools, all the businessmen are fools, the army has no idea how they have shown the system that bullets do not know how to fire or do not work.  There are no weapons, weapons have come from outside, there are arms dealers, till date no weapon has come from outside, no one is talking about money in India, those are the issues, weapons are working well, everywhere, somewhere in Kargil, somewhere, you can use it as per your wish, it is okay.  There are so many issues in Weapon like how many imaginary stories will you show that things have never happened like this, meaning no one is in a relationship and none of the actors are suiting their roles, whatever small actors you have shown like Sunil.  Grover is a fine actor, okay, very under-utilized, very under-utilized, now it is like there are so many good actors, instead of a big budget, a big budget has been shown, no, I do n't think so, you guys, whatever you watch a little carefully, you and I.  Do you know where the notes are being spent? Some of the producer's money was not spent. According to me, this is a lot. According to me, now I do n't have that accounting anymore. The picture is not worth more than Rs. 60-70 crores. Can you tell me the budget? I don't know, it's okay, but it can't be higher than this, it can't be higher than this, it's Shahrukh's picture, it's a homemade picture, but he won't have any money, but friend, don't do this, friend, I am very upset with Shahrukh. Feel is a good businessman, good person, good mind, but this is not the same, it is a bit scary, they also feel that this is not me, it is all about nationalism, you are the son-in-law of an Indian Army Colonel, you are without a cap.  You are saluting me like this, I mean there was no one to tell you in the movie and you are court martialing the arms dealer, you are right about his directness, you guys at least have some sense and I have seen one thing and I can tell very this  There may be some Jingo Jam etc. in South India movies, although our people from South India are in the armed forces, but in the movies, they are not able to dress and get up and get it right, that is, they put people like confectioners.  give north  Indian Movie Still Do A Better Job Let Me Tell You Look at the movie, it is all South Indian, Shahrukh is fine in it, but he is from somewhere, if he feels like this, that feeling, the feeling did not come from somewhere, the fun did not come from anywhere, it does not mean like this.  I felt that I was thinking and I had made this a little earlier also that it is very good that the South has been included and brother, don't do better than this, separate yourself, let them separate theirs, this is half garbage and there is nothing in it.  then there is that  Cameos have been inserted in I Believe in Hindi movies, it is Sanjay Dutt's, among the rest it is Allu Arjun and who is Vijay, now they have come up with all the ways to loot the money from the public, it is so much that it will not work.  The script has to be right, then the acting and then the stars, direction, everything else falls into place, music etc. but the script is so loose, everything means and that car is like that.  What is the word in English? Car creatures, carry creatures, those carry creatures, everything is made like this, no one, nothing, it seems like it is forced, as if children do not do it in school, as if someone has caught something by typing a stage show, his beard looks fake.  This is what Sardar ji is doing as if no one is coming from anywhere, everything seems to be fake, it seems that man, what is this, I am feeling that man, Shahrukh Khan is really an experienced actor.  When he saw this shooting or movie, he must have seen it on the monitor, how the scenes are looking etc., then he just approved that Gauri Khan ji is a producer, she did it at all, it means anything, it means I must have it, I believe him. Got a good track record in South India but here it is not worked sorry to say that is ok please share review because why to waste time and money let's call out  Things because they will be painted forcefully. Best hero, best fast, best action. Very good messaging is very good. First messaging is nonsense messaging. Whoever will forcefully say no no no no, that feeling is coming in it. Brother, there is no better feeling than that. Guruji, I am giving it to you on the channel from Gurugram, you all subscribe to it, I do better with it and right now it is a little hot, like hot blood, details will be given sometime in two-four-five days.  Depending on the movie, it does well in terms of collections. What is the rush in the collections? Nowadays, you can see that you can collect it completely, but it seems to me that the movie will tank on Monday. There are a lot of advance bookings now, people are leaving now.  I will go there, I don't have any work over the weekend but on Monday the movie will tank that is my gut feeling and if it doesn't then I will become sad again because I will think that my countrymen do n't understand the meaning of this, it's okay.  How can we mean that the word of death is used a lot, normally in the family, like you will know me, in the friend circle, I am brother, straight or straight, otherwise every buddy wants to have an outing for a person like me, I go very rarely, okay  The person who goes two to three times a year goes to be happy, that is, not to waste time, it will be good fun, if you do something then depot dispatcher, we also know that brain has to be used not much, look at the picture, but  Brother, getting a headache means sitting and wondering when will it end, like that picture gets very slow before the interval and then the next one comes, it is a bit exciting that you think that somehow something good will happen after the interval.  When she did not come till the end, she was looking at the public like this and left and right that there must be someone somewhere. People had taken out their phones. Normally, what happens when people take out their phones, the moba is cutting the mobile etc. in half, then the one in front and behind is  He gets irritated and tells her that even though the movie is playing, turn it off on the phone. I saw a lot of people coming out and people didn't tell there that the person behind should turn it off because they are also knowing. Friend, I am having to bear this.  Is that another indication of a movie which is not doing well? Disruptor is ok and Shahrukh needs to. I will tell you one more if that.  Only if you understand and listen, there is a need to change the roles. Doing is fine. Action is not action. Let's do it and say it. Action is nothing, thing and logic should suit it, it just happens that nothing hangs anywhere.  So whatever you do I am not being harsh at all let me tell you I am not saying that I am a fan of Shahrukh but I have been following him and liking  Him for the personality and the business sense and the family man is because you know I also come across as you know a family oriented person so accordingly there is a soft corner there is that soft corner only then when you went to see the picture but that depressor is also the same.  Which gives you hope that no man, he will still pull it off money wise, he will still pull it off, okay, I don't think  So there will be any loss because in the picture I don't see any money being spent. Okay, so we will earn money, but man, that is one thing, this is not a movie, we will be proud of, okay, it is like a picture, isn't it?  Ram Jaane Kari Thi Kabhi Ya Woh Guddu Every actress has got a list of movies only because of this The meaning is the wife is the producer so the movie of the house is so you will not be able to say it by Tata because so I think this experiment of getting this South and North together and all that I think it just failed and it failed I think quite ridiculous. Something of theirs has been taken, theirs has been taken, because when the southerners do everything alone, they are still able to pull it off, they watch movies, Indian Hindi  The audience also sees that the pictures are also hit, you see the jailer, see this, do that in that, just do n't be able to do this thing in this because the messaging is trying to do something, there is a lot of confusion and nationalism and all that feelingless, that was that.  Earlier there used to be our national anthem before movies, now it doesn't happen nowadays because it didn't happen today, was it in Gurgaon only or please write it down Because actually I am asking you guys, okay, I don't mean, other places were also closed, when was it closed, what happened to its region, did something come up, you know, it doesn't happen in your city right now, it doesn't happen, or I felt somewhere here that  It doesn't happen because I was like abhi khada hona hai abhi khada hona hai abhi khada hona hai there they like the movie has started ok so that I was like that nowadays if you don't stand then it means I go so rarely ok then please write in the comment section jin jin  Have you given Do you agree with me or say no to me, I don't think so friend, I am having a headache so much, I am fine, so please share this review, people's time and money will be saved, thank you.  mech