Hello friends, very interesting topic, is it okay to displease one's parents, the question is very simple, understand it well, I am giving guidance to the youth, you and the parents should also listen and tell whether I am guiding them right or not.  I am not spoiling the story for the children. Genuinely, I want you all to understand this thing carefully. What is displeasing the parents? Dissatisfying the parents means that the parents want something to be done or expect something from you. Keep and you do not complete that thing, this is the reason for resentment, it is called disappointment in English. You can think about selecting a subject starting from eleventh class, the thing is power, from subject to college, from college to job to spouse, this is what  There is talk of a child being angry at the age of 40. I am angry at the age of 45 and today's system reduces it a bit, although there is a relief in homes that basically it is about  D control and many times many situations have come up with many children. Look at the elders, the scoundrel children are there, the parents are more scoundrels, they don't just get angry, they get angry with the good children, it is okay where there are expectations, where there are no expectations.  There is no resentment but it does not mean that I am putting you in such a situation which I am addressing those children who have this question because they ask, Sir, should the father be angry with the mother by getting married?  I am dating a girl, her parents are not her mother, her parents are no, she is not good, okay, then the decision making is going on, I do pet consultation, it is different, if you concentrate on her, then you can take one more, if you are capable, okay and that is your issue.  The more the other vice, the less this video will work for many people. Okay, whenever the situation comes such that even one person has to get angry, if you do not make father or mother angry, then you will automatically  If you get angry with someone, you yourself will get sad, then take the angry one or take the sad one. If the situation is that I have to make myself sad or make my parents sad, this is the question, is it okay for the angry person to have a sadness in him or a resentment bill?  Read, you have something called sadness, this is called sadness, so brother, don't make yourself sad, I am giving reason to the parents, I am telling you not to do bullying like this, there is no reason to make the parents sad.  You did not want to do much, your heart beats for them, you gave them what they wanted and made yourself sad. One sadness will come with you lifelong but it is not a guarantee that your parents can live a happy life again because of your mother. Permanent indifference has entered into the life of through your father's behavior and after 40 years in the husband's life, there are many daughter-in-law issues and no mother sauce. Note it and brother-in-law and give. Can never be correct, so his mother told him that he should never be happy, this is how father's own 1.5 crore programs of bitterness are going on, that too is nothing, he will get angry with you at time, he will become sad, but in his life,  It is sad and in the future, they will again push for five things because they have got the idea that you value their displeasure, so next time when they get married to the girl of their choice, it will happen so easily. Can  Don't let me live, then he said, you do many things like this, make your daughter-in-law do this, do this with us, then do this demanding program, then that, then you will agree on some stage, brother, he will not agree, it has to happen, if it happens, it doesn't happen, then don't happen. How do you turn back when parents become selfish? Mother, you can be selfish wherever you are, but if you are selfish then at night, when the mother is worried about the small child, she gives him medicine again and again, then listen carefully.  Forest Clarity Give of India is telling you, listen very carefully, mother, if the child is safe at night and has the power to think, then he is asleep, he did not sleep, that is why he woke up, because his selfish motive was to take care of his child, because he  Chhotu Baby was so important to him at the time, he gave so much value to his identity that he did not sleep, mother, you are worthy of gold and there are some like that, even he is selfish, always because if your  In happiness, you remain so sad that you lose your mental balance and go into depression. Then you will be able to give happiness. Whatever I am saying, I am saying it for the welfare of the parents. If you are their child and you are in depression.  Can parents remain happy because of Karan? Any parent whose child is in depression cannot remain happy. Can a child who is very sad himself make his/her parents happy? If you tell your parents today, Puri didn't make me happy but made me angry Lifetime, you still have the opportunity to make them happy. You have chosen your career as per your wish, it is not about them, you are doing well in your career, your money is working, you give them a car, you give them a Bangla, you give them a tour ticket.  Take it, give them clothes, give them anything, give them happiness. Look ahead, many film actors say that you used to say to me, become a doctor, become an engineer, then I went there, it happened like this, it happened for me, it swallowed me.  I will be there now  If parents are very proud then this is how it is for parents. If parents come after you, if parents think then they may have their own agenda and they may say you do like this. You may not listen to them and take it out.  Yes, it may also be possible that it was literature and you were wrong, it may also be possible but in this also it is the failure of the parents if they cannot explain to an intelligent child who is their child because sir, the game is of Tarak, Tarak should go on.  you guys a  The thing to be seen is that when you tell your parents, I want to marry this girl and she is not ready to accept it, then when she is not ready to accept it, then what precepts do they have, and which community does that girl come from?  What status has she come from, what family background has she come from, maybe her father's experience may not be suitable for her, then you have to address these questions - Father, why are you saying this is not right, I just told you. Why didn't I say, what happens with the bus, it would not have happened like this, I just said that it means that Baahubali movie is going to be made, that Shivgami is saying that my word is the rule, that if you do this kind of thing inside the houses.  We have such a big democracy. Unfortunately, there is no democracy in our homes. India is a country that is a vibrant democracy, but there is no democracy in our homes. This is also a truth and this is the reason for our happiness.  There is a reason, otherwise in a democratic country, there is no need to be so unhappy in a democratic country, there is freedom to do everything, there is freedom to do anything, there are many such ridiculous countries in the happiness index, it is okay where the meaning of non is not known.  This is a ruined country and they are above us because perhaps their family would be of such a type that when it is ruined outside, we used to relax the family, this is also a factor, this is also a fact where everything  If there is freedom to do things outside, the family catches hold of them, no, no, how did you manage to do everything, if everything doesn't go well, then this life is complicated, there are no answers in me, video is there, do you like it, do you like it, do you guys know, please write to the parents.  You also have to understand that you have to influence your child, you have to tell him everything is right and wrong in your eyes, what is right and wrong in your eyes, see if things can be so matched, it is a situation, what is right in your eyes is in the eyes of others.  This is correct in the eyes of the child. In reality, it may be correct. Which size does the child know? Do you know it? It is also possible that it is okay. I have also called him an expert. Any consultant can tell him what is the right thing.  I am quite an expert or someone who has the experience to remain wire you are getting are going in these things you leave this stand you leave this time try this give it to both of you hey man this thing  So Guruji told very well the true possibilities and other vices, it's like life but the kids always like that you give something else of yours to the angel investors that yes, my business plan is like this, it will happen like this, it will happen, you will invest your money, that guy doesn't ask questions.  How do you do a supply chain like this? What is plastic? What is your market? What is your profit margin? What is investment? What is return on capital? What is investment? Those 10 piece questions.  Will ask, if he feels right, he will invest his money in this thing. With these life periods, if you are worried about having a child in the future because he is no longer a mother, then give him a presentation. Prepare your attempt genuinely. Make your attempt like this.  Don't make them angry, write genuine type, put it in proper presentation form and start with S. I am standing there saying that I am starting my own, you tell me how to start and this is me. That's why I want to do a presentation, that's why I want to do it, I've thought about its benefits, I've also thought about that, now you have a star above that, so I'm ready to listen to you, but you won't say this, listen to us.  That just because of you, now I am a parent, so this does not make sense anymore, we live in a free country, parents, please tell me, that is why we worship IT when the situation becomes such that now there is no cure. No, you have done all the logical things, now it is a simple situation, either dad will get angry or you, do n't make yourself angry, don't make yourself sad, make dad sad because now he is his problem.  And father does n't know anything. It is possible that she is a pregnant woman. Her stomach is not clean. Next day her stomach is not clean. Father is still not happy. You have made a big sacrifice, but father, the stomach is not clean whose stomach is clean.  That person is never like that, if they say relief concept then it does not mean right, I am freeing the happiness of parents, I am freeing the war, there is a lot of war and fight, there is no clarity on clarity, so give only this clarity.  You are enjoying, you are getting clarity, you are not getting it, I have understood whom to offend, now I am interested in the channel, I can't take my subscription, I just say this  I can say that this is for a little loyal audience, this is a channel with 100 million subscribers, not Ban Shakti, there is not so much clarity, okay, everyone will get it, then no one got it, okay, a little bit, he has to understand different things, there is no dog on such a thing. Isn't it like the one who has got chilli, to make angry, to make angry, don't say hello, don't respect, don't listen to anything, don't listen like this, listen, give full presentation, keep your points, understand, listen to theirs too, when more like this is happening in both of them.  So Guruji has my consultation there which can be uploaded please, it is not that father's friends are his friends here because I told you that the third point of view can be told that doing this can be done, the third thing has to be done and  If it is the best thing, then why are you getting paid for the concentration? You got to do the butter thing too and this fight will also be a band because now you are doing the third thing, neither his nor hers, so this session should also be like this, those who have the power.  If you want to take consultation, you can connect directly on WhatsApp and give can just tell how and if you have not subscribed to the tech consultation channel then subscribe and there is money and peace of mind, I will definitely discuss it in the big and small of 30 seconds there is money and peace of mind.  This means that there will be minimum one or two to three workshops in a month. Some videos have been uploaded earlier. Taking this membership will bring peace in your life. Clarity will come and money will come from it or maybe money will come first and due to money coming, clarity and peace will come, both of those things are power, but in 5 to 6 months you will realize that yes, this is happening, so much clarity.  I am getting you bill be able to join me workshops which I conduct on youth and on clarity when the relationship will be on many things, okay so please and already content is given in this.  There are videos on decision making, there are videos on stock market basis, there are videos on mental model, so you will be able, you are straightforward and you will be able, you have a lot of clarity because we do not need tools to get clarity in life, like an electrician is. Or a plumber has his tools, a carpenter has tools, without him we cannot do anything, so in this way we need tools for our mind, you are the arrival decision, so that is the thing, I give it to him.  By going to the level, I understand the thing about membership, I will tell you already. Video delivery after you take membership. Thank you very much.