Hello friends, are you doing the job out of fear, fear means you are afraid that you will be fired from the job or something else will happen, many people live in brother, so there is a video for you guys, the bosses will roll me a lot, what's wrong?  People need but somebody needs you comment oil this is ok inside the corporate there are two types of less corporate training which every corporate of the corporate calls our Jason and earns money DK a lot sir keep doing all these things and those  To motivate the employees, Motivate means in the bracket, they are called to motivate to suck by fooling them. The second one which I am doing is if the detail is stuck in the situation then they take one on one consultation with the level team members. Many a times people ask who are you, who are you, who am I, then leave aside those who are mine, those whose I am their Guru, they go to I am and study and take lectures, if you are afraid.  If you do a job then don't do it because the one who does the job with a lot of fear then when they have to be fired then only they are fired and everyone has this feeling of fear. I will tell you, I will explain to you very well, people who are married should avoid doing the job out of fear. Please.  There is a story written in the school about a teacher getting a job for his wife, 30-40-50 ₹ 60000 is also a lot, it will take away some of your fear, the more domineering you do the job, the more successful your job will be and you will not be fired.  Whenever there is a cutting, someone is taken out who seems to be the most like it, otherwise how will he do it, but will give the story on the contrary, he will tell the story of something else but he will not come out, as soon as he comes out, I am telling you the inside story, is n't it in your power to tell me?  By this I am not saying that you are an ill-mannered person, I am not saying this to be ill-mannered, but Metro is a person of facts, a confident person, yes, so what happened, if a mistake is made, then both the cataclysms will do further tips, attitude will fix less, a lot of poverty.  realization of  People who come from small towns feel that they don't know what they have got and here they do that, they are very scared and those who are scared are scared, there is so much fear in this, I am telling you that there is a dog, right, go to your park.  If you are scared of him then only he will bite you and he will bite him, even a dog is afraid of him, a human being is of a very complex high order, it is not that a dog has a very big brain, a human brain is better than a dog, so it is yours only.  knows deep down how you are  What happens when three out of 15 have to be removed in a year, and who comes first, either due to incompetence in the job or what happens many times in the job, by the way, everyone has the same attitude.  If this person can do that then people don't like him, he is also a friend, that would be the level of misbehavior, but do n't say too much, you are doing a job like this under compulsion, don't act like this in a corporate.  If you do then I hope that through this short video I was able to explain this thing that you are afraid, firstly, people are afraid because if the wife does not [ __ ], then it feels like I will starve to death and secondly, there is a big reason for taking out the fear. This Ever House of Your Room Flat of Your Room Board One who does not have his own house is always a relief No brother sir Amy is moving yes so take a house at the age of 22 23 24 25 A I will throw it out  Finish it by 35. Finish it by 38. Do n't spend money on marriage. Make your wife do the job. Don't spend extra money, car, big phone and any other expense. Only then you will lose your house to the buffalo. It is your house, get rid of your job, don't give advice.  Wife does a job, pulses and rice are still cheap, food has become expensive not so much and you will get a job again and you are scared because you have to buy a house out of 38 but it will go for 40 because you have gone to make real estate videos, there are so many flats.  If it becomes one crore then you will say that friend, this is not a 40% return. Hey uncle, you were asked to buy it for Rs. 40 lakhs and give another Rs. 30 lakhs. You were playing such an IPS there, your ship was worth Rs. 8 lakhs.  It is not sour either here the pay or the rate itself will not increase by 30 lakhs, the terms are there, the return is more because I did not pay 70 lakhs, I did not give it, it was 10-20% then.  Construction was done then that payment link to the plant was construction link plane, it was some 10 90 plane, that was 280 plane, 1090 plant was dead two years ago, they were lying in the court and the public, now look at their position, now they will stop paying the rent.  And they will get the income tax rate that so many square feet are bought for this much money, this is how it is bought, no one will come out after raising their head, okay Rajinikanth in Jailer movie.  I look at the young one, carrying a stick like this, doing it like this, that wife is good, this one's wife is fine doing like this [Music] Such a superstar like this, so many like this, where do his fans come from, they catch the vibe because of that in their life  There is fear and they want to become like this, they cannot have such an attitude themselves, so they can only like, that is why they like because if they become themselves, then how will they feel great like this, meaning they are also like this, he is also like this, then how will the hero play?  Hero, that's why you have to become a hero in your own eyes. To make you all a hero here, your wife will have to do a job, you will have to buy a house, and until the house is yours, you will have to live in fear, but as long as you get it, then marriage is fine.  It's a house and this is a house, so you, I do 68 different [ __ ]. Yes, even if you breathe, I and the purifier also survive, so don't do that to me, you are saying this for your own benefit, I am in everything. father's advantage  Okay, you also have to live like this, many times in life, no matter what you say, they attribute it to you, you are okay with this, I want to learn my advantages in a good and proper way, then you can take membership in this channel.  With money and peace, your money will also increase in 6 months, peace will also increase, both things will increase, try it and see how much it is, it is a very reasonable amount, the earlier recording is asking that I reduce the amount of oil put in it and this oil.  insert  No one is doing less in the market, so this is a different level, that's why this less has happened, now increasing the courage is also one less, not why are you doing the job out of fear, brother, who told you further, what will the people doing in the corporate teach you? I have left all those trainers who are less than me, they were not less liars, keep fooling them, always remember this one thought of leadership and motivation, how to get people to pay their money without paying. You all have to understand what is leadership and motivation which is also taught but you have to learn it in order to fool others and you are the employee below you and you have to see how much fear the latter has but the same self. What I believe to be actual is political leadership, the rest is corporate leadership fraud and in the morality of color side, I would say that for doing such garbage also  If you want to extract the juice of your East India Company, you cannot go to the story, you have to endure, then how to find an exit route from it, how to handle the situation, if you want one on one consultation, then you can write CC for that, corporate consultation note with  D Corporate Motivator But One With D One Give Clarity To Me Kar Team Members Bill Give You Clarity I Have Go Extreme Experience Of Which  Situation promotion is not happening, I have just done it, I have to change the job, what should I do or not, I have to change the department, those shares are not going to be wasted for me, I got the shop but after a few months, I don't have the job, otherwise what should I do, okay, how to get it out?  What is the lock? They are not giving me a release letter. They are giving me a notice of three months. They have given me one month's notice. So what can I do to add it and if I take membership, the channel will start opening automatically. Okay.  Is