Hello friends, what will people say, this is a very good topic, this dialogue is spoken a lot, apart from this, many people have made books and motivation videos, but till date no one has tested whether it has given success or not, such clarity of truth, clarity of heart.  If it remains then write K and if it fails then write F. This is a sentence of three words on this word. What will people say? Today you will know the truth, the youth will also know and the parents will also know.  And the parents have to give this to the children because the parents are also accused a lot on this, so according to the parents also the thing is right, what will people say, it is the biggest disease, what will people say, by doing this, some dialogues have been created. All is well, I am telling you the truth of 2023, which I will tell by giving examples from today's time in actual. You know, practically nobody is bad in actual. What will people say about this dialogue? Many housewives, many youths do not want to do sex, oh father is not allowing me to do it, mother is not allowing me to do it, what would the society say if I was not allowed to do it, if I was told, if I was given encouragement, but they told me like this, people.  What will you say, I am not able to do anything, I am able to do it, I am giving you the truth, you know those who are motivational YouTubers, they are sitting with huge crores of rupees, they will not say like this, what does Badarda do to you?  There is badness in the morning and evening. There is no border in the morning and evening. In today's time, everybody is living. Boys and girls are living without marriage. So they should be badness. Society will eat it. But what if they are not living and if they are not living then what is their life?  I am also telling its colloquial just because what will you people say, you are not a stranger, meaning you become successful also. A boy and a girl live in anonymity in a big city, inside a society.  They are living in a room or a small flat. Their parents may or may not know. Their colleagues may or may not know. The landlord may or may not know. They are not bad that we are our life, our body is this thing.  If they are fine, then it has nothing to do with what people will say, so will they get success in life, this is the example I want to tell, one has to do a little higher order thinking. In the videos you understand what I am saying every time Next time when you listen to someone what people will say You are under confident in your craft and your skill so you don't want to do that thing It is as simple as that which big people  Celebrities are big people are trolled Don't you think they are also little bit badarda they feel they are good at it they know there is money in it  No, that is their livelihood and their focus remains beyond that, tell me one such person, from the Prime Minister to the top leader of the opposition to the Chief Minister to any film star to cricket star to whom there are no people who say it is just the opposite.  Just look at YouTube, those who are not going to listen, even themselves say it, I also say it about many people, many people would be saying it about me too, if someone is going to write in the comment section, then what will people say? Hey, what will people say then?  We even turn that into a comment and turn it into content, saying, okay, come next time, you have destroyed all the trolls, because the one who is sitting with the platform can only do this, people can write small things.  Will go away, some will tweet, some will forward, some will want to start this, if I want then do it, why are you taking permission, from whom are you taking permission, no, but what will such people say, then hey, what will people say?  You are not a bad person, no one is bad, people, keep your heart on your heart, you are really a bad person, it does not come from me, it will happen or it will not happen, try it, if you enjoy it, then do it, if you don't like it then leave something in your life.  You also have to fill it, start it, don't do it, what will people say, many people are hiding in what will these people say, so next time when you see your wife not wanting to do anything and  Saying I don't know what people will say in the society, what will they say in your friend circle, in my relatives, I will do this, I will start cooking, I will start making cakes, I will start doing bakery, no one says anything, no one has time, and you will earn four paisa.  So you will be told that you are very good and you will not earn, okay then you will be told, Well tried, people are not that bad, are you bad? If you see Sambalpuri, not that hey man, she is trying well, she is doing well, she should do good and  People do it too and one half of the people found in it, what would they say, if you are not doing anything then at any point of time, still some people are saying something and if not, then someone like me is saying that.  You are not doing anything. You are a loser. If you are a woman above 40 years of age and both your children are above 10 122 years of age and have passed sixth and seventh class and are doing everything in life yourself and you are asking for them.  something to hold on to  I am not thinking that if I do, then what kind of mother will I be? What will people say? So you, you have enjoyed being useless, your husband has earned money, you will sit at home, you will enjoy and then you will say, I teach a lot at home and worry a lot. I am talking about my core audience, which is the middle class, where a woman does not have to sweep, wash and wash utensils inside her house, if someone comes from outside, then this is the next time whenever you see someone like this.  If the man says then you should make his impression, Munna, no, Munna, no, you could not do it, you could not do it, you have to say it like this, Munna, even if Munni, Munni, you could not do it, leave it Munni, what will people say, this is not the issue.  The issue with you is that you are not confident, you are lethargic, you don't want to do and you are just like that, what will people say to anyone I told you that whether you are a top leader, an actor or an entrepreneur, if you are leaving someone then tell me that in our country people are stopping from working, they are not worried unless you are doing any illegal immoral work.  Due to which you should feel ashamed or have done wrong thing, in fact, many of those who do this wrong thing do not feel ashamed, so why do you have to worry? Please share this message with friends and what will people say next time?  This is not an issue, this is the only thing I wanted to tell you, this is the truth, it is no anchor, no issue, no motivation is needed on this, you have been given clarity today, there is no need of any motivation because actually you are not bad when I am.  This thing comes in your mind that what will people say you are under prepared you are not sure work on that moment you will be very sure  That's how this business model will work, this is how mine will work, if you want consultation on this, if you want mentorship, then that is also what I provide, it comes at a cost in case you are interested, you can get in touch wherever if you are facing problems.  Isn't it what these people will say that in reality it is not the people's problem but the problem is related to you and your problem should also be solved in the consultation.  If you go then you can take that service also thank you very much