Hello friends, today's topic is lunch, RNU work place, it may seem like a very interesting topic to some people, but this video collection is among those who give practical tips in a very good way to all the employed people who go to their office and have lunch.  Eat those launches which you take from home. Please do not eat food in the room where you work. Do not go for convenience. I will give you some best tips by typing dos and don'ts.  Follow them and please give feedback in one month as to how much peace, joy and happiness came in your life and one level of function reduced automatically and also tell about health, I will give you some practical tips for 500 days. We normally work from Monday to Friday.  You work and have to eat lunch. Choose one day when you will take only fruits. It can be any day but will bear fruit. Lakshmi is also busy on Tuesday. It is okay.  What do you have to do in the remaining two days? We pack the home-made food early in the morning and go at 7:00-8:00. That food never remains good till 1.30-2.00 and we eat it while sitting at the workplace.  There is toxic stress energy wherever you work, it is regulated inside the food and you should not eat it there. 23 24 You can excise it 134 from your nearest office if there is a home like food.  Practically, if it is a clean and tidy place then please have two mails and one according to the top 25 means, then I suggest one. Please choose any fruit day when you take food which you can make as per your wish, open it and eat it, you will learn something, do not take chopped fruits.  go like that or and peel it like this okay a hard two days that you will eat outside it is better than it's something like idli dosa and this south indian agar  If you get it then the chances of it being your Idli and all this going wrong is very less is having a good South Indian joint you can have it today also from late when I stay and Friday and what ever today's outside Tuesdays I can have at home.  The one who gives very good tips to people who do not do in Mumbai, you must have seen the Dabbawala, there is no concept in North India, the concept is that the thing.  Early in the morning, the lady wakes up and cooks whatever food you have prepared at home, while the expression merit has the strings of hurry, the children are going to school or the children are going to school, White is cooking something, there is also cheese in it.  It is being created very quickly and wearing it for 6 hours, whenever it is winter or summer, there are another 20 hours and whenever it is not good and rehearsed, many people do not even get a chance to do it, reed is also not good, eating and a lot.  People  Compromise: First of all, you should not compromise on lunch itself. Your lunch should be done before 2 o'clock because if Agni, the stomach, legs, and digestive power were there, then there would be two children. When the level of the sun in the sky, it would be like this.  It is known that his digestive power is low. You should also notice that your top brass is the top management. Very senior officers have taught them all these tricks. Have you ever seen us and he has great energy and  You feel Netaji, you feel gas, you feel bloated, many people are stuck in their meetings at dead o'clock, someone is having lunch at 2:30, someone is having lunch at 3 o'clock, he is giving four to his team, please write, what time do you think it is happening, people want it, really not.  It's N S U want I want to make friends videos and clarity which is happening people think and slowly the diseases which come in our life in 2015, it did not come like this on the first day.  Then we go and say this, I came from stress, he is small and now you have to see, lunch is there, it has to be taken in an enjoyable way because breakfast information is not for you on the go, dinner then you will go late, add people dinner.  If they want to find emotional solace and have dinner or lunch, this statement would be a BK study point, then lunch should be something. It will be very beneficial to listen carefully to the videos and this.  Keep a note in your subconscious or somewhere that how is it possible, it is correct to accept 250 dates and not after taxes. If your home is nearby your office, then you can do this even by going to your home.  Keep it close, even if you have to pay two, four, five, six, seven, eight thousand more for the fare, it is just for lunch and be available in case of emergency. Once a good enough price plus, you will stay close. So the time of competition will not be a problem and your child's energy will be saved, so I will make separate videos on this, what are the benefits of each, but today I do history on lunch and whenever there is a possibility of such a situation happening.  Work and give your work or boss comes, this or that person comes, in many offices there is a canteen, there is a separate arrangement for eating, which is very good, but if it is not like that, then you have to get out of that pest and go somewhere.  Please go to the nearest place where there is a part, go there where it takes five minutes to box and reach, heavy and that space and you have to hit the time for food, you have to take lunch in minimum 14 to 15 minutes, ICC, if you want more time today, let me tell you.  Whenever someone has lunch, people separate it within 5 to 7 minutes or 8 minutes. Om Singh, the lighting part is that you take the first bite a little and you tell him not to eat, it is happening too quickly for most of the people, so I  I will increase Gurgaon from industry etc. I have seen him eating standing outside the van parked like this, this is a big compulsion because you have not even addressed it, his food should be so proper that it should be proper, your salary should be there, there should be some curd.  12 You should also have your own vegetables, no one is ever giving so much packed food from home, no one can comment on how to make it practical, you can do one more thing by doing the box system which I am doing.  I am going to give a tip that you can get 245 friends together and help one person living in the area, who will pick up hot Tiffin from your homes at 12:00, pick up at 12:30, the food which started at 11:00 will be late.  Okay and at 12:00 it is made and between 12 to 1230 it is collected from those four five houses and it is given to you in your office by your Lazar Time.  Have you got such a person delivered on it, if the monthly expenses are rough, then even if four friends catch four friends, if it is difficult, then even in this way, you will get a maximum share of ₹ 2000, that too is a very good way.  In that, if you want to reduce the test or do not want to do it for all five days, then I said Fruit Daddy, so even if the expense is listed, you may have tried this, that you may have tried, or maybe your  Let the co-servant in the house be your co-driver because all the people who are doing well in life, who do not have acidity, no brightness, no gas, no irritability, no irritability, you have kept someone reliable in front of you, that is why he is there for us.  Will be able to perform and at the same time good house in life, initially supported them that I am the one who can give you 15 minutes of happiness, this is also one, you will have to ask yourself, you will have to say that I have got health issues, I have two time alarm.  Set 134 Responsive Everything E This time you will make your boss polite by saying that you will give him 15 minutes a day, isn't it okay, people also give a break in the morning, there is a bathroom brigade, something is his, is n't it that in those 20 minutes  No, I was in a mood of late night when you aired. Look, the guy who has reached the higher level is internet savvy, he knows everything, he is from Peach Middleton, he extracts his own juice too.  He takes it out on others also, this one doesn't go anywhere, this one who is middle management, people are fools in this, you will feel bad to many people who are like this, but I literally see in front of me that this is just for show and especially on lunch break.  If you show your work then it would be better to send a message and it is okay to delay someone's lunch a little. District Manager, it is fun that if he wants to do a good tilak, he will do it on time every day, then he wants to do it hot every day, if you have seen it in a government institution.  It is a government institution, there is not much treatment for hot and cold, but what will happen to you as a government employee, lunch break is such a big thing, ji ​​Ghanshyam Rai, that's why on hair, ma'am, the rest is a joke, SBI lunch and this very famous thing is fine then.  There is stagnation in their life due to those kinds of diseases or do you think that this is the fun of government employees, there is work in government too, there is tension in government too, but if you see the major difference between government employees and corporate and this one is that there is centenary in government offices. Off lunch break is a lot of day, if rest of the place everything is flexible and people even say, Hey, it would be nice if you will complete it in a government job, are you in a government job? Now one point, I will sub is the video and tell you all the final tips take law.  Into there office space it's warm hot BOD Lunch and Exit Poll Varieties Chapati has a little rice, a little dal type has a dry vegetable, a little pickle has a little papad, a green chilli has a little love  Let it be a little bit of curd and a dew toe top, a small if some day, gulab jamun, sometimes rasgulla, whatever you like, when you do lunch like this, then you guys will forward it, this is going to be my lunch break and then lunch.  Break service to your soul, soul inside the body, if you give joy to the body, then soul will work now, this thing which senior people are watching, who are watching my video, many people and people who work below you, please be creative in our prayer system with a  anti Whoever cooks food from the lady at home or from your house, the food comes home cooked, the number of decisions taken in the morning for seven reasons, plants, children's school, she will not be that much at 10-11:00 and will calmly cook one for her husband. How much time does it take to make papad? How much time does it take to cut an onion, add some tomato, chilli and lemon, but I used to see the same thing in someone's lunch box. Okay, you are the opposite, what do you do, what do you see, what do you eat?  Yes, this apartment which  Maine hai tu consultancy sperm vande sena Productivity is big in our work environment and then trainers have become people, this is how lecture 2, show this side, I say, brother, show me your lunch break, that unorganized lunch break, eating food in the corner here, is harmful.  Hey sinners, they work for their stomach. Not all of them do it. Brothers and sisters, tell me. If this sinner works for his stomach, then brothers and sisters, tell us about lunch.  Jewelery should be given today after watching this video. Tell me, some will think if you give something and if not then see what exercise is happening around you. South Indian joint is also good due to South Indian joint. Digestion is good due to South Indian rituals and such.  It is respected, you can eat it, not everyday, you can eat it twice a week, South Indian, whatever way you choose, take one day with fruits, do two-three from your home, Hotspot, look forward for your luck and Do it like this for 10 to 15 minutes. If you get a job by sitting somewhere then take some decisions and then do it in the lunch break and add some of your idea in it and see the goals of your life. It is good to sit, it is okay that my IT return should happen.  Okay, okay, I had to call him, okay, I had to do the rest of the letter, okay, and look at the passport, think about any personal work, turn it on, hit urban, definitely body, and so let's get food, and you did that 10.  In 15 minutes, I have only thought about myself, about my growth, the whole day Bhushan is busy in the office, doing this, doing that, achieving targets, this new letter, giving a presentation, that and further, he thought about replying to the email.  If you have to go to a big meeting, you have to go there, by the way, they are busy with all that work, so take out that time and your life will become very good, if you give it so strictly that you see it well. Like there are labor level people who work for 8 hours, after seeing their body's proper 1 hour lunch break, go to the competent site, they will comfortably give you their hand, whatever their food is, you don't get hung up on sugar man, but I have seen this. Having food much more properly should be given and should cooperate and the quality of the year food, look at this set accordingly, I check it is much better and will eat it in 15 minutes.  He will go well in 1618 minutes and then he will measure 30. Okay, he has to do physical work and all but his level and happiness of the knowledge of the body remains much better, it remains much better, so I sleep for 15 minutes.  Even a little bit, you get the power to think about yourself, like for that you have to sit inside your car with the switch on and play a nice song in your car for 10-15 minutes and then cut it off. Cutoff of 15 minutes Hitler Charge will do wonders to you All in this you will develop I will follow Please write in the comment section If I get even ten-fifteen-twenty I will follow then I will feel that I have succeeded in touching someone's life. This is how to improve likes through practical active practice quality, no motivation only clarity, how to live a good and happy life.  Thank you very much please share on your office group check this thing quality fuel collar - are the items of the thali exactly as mentioned by me the accompanying items are rice a little cumin rice a little roti dal dry vegetable pickle papad ad  I am also having all the things with all the spices and lemon or one person is eating it mixed with cheese, is it okay out of compulsion, then see, it's okay, thank you, love you.