Hello friends Dilip System is Crushing Time Questioning Time and Crushing Time Topic Mani is not understanding everything Mani will try to understand money Mani will try to understand you told a lot ok we will discuss later what is it now Mani is not everything you believe in  This and if you don't say no then it's okay you did it thank you I want you ask what is everything which is the one thing which  Everything is health, everything is there, yes health, everything is there but lost health, 24 year old person, I am very healthy, do n't have job, don't have anything else, you earn money only, go health but give it, we lose one thing and don't think its importance.  In life, there are absolutely no things, everything is not about anything, everything is about no relationship.  Leave it like this, then see how many relationships are settled in your house, don't take money [Music] This is a very big reason for divorce Manish Infidelity in India is a very very low percentage reason for divorce Maximum R Mani Problem Life can be attributed to you Mani One nose in one job  To be left behind, to be stuck because there is no money in your account, if Rs 2 crore comes from somewhere, then should you tolerate those people whom you cannot tolerate?  If you are doing this then Mani has a lot of solutions as long as you approach it in a way that Mani is not everything then one day you will be focusing on staff situation bed relationship bed job environment remember one thing Mani is amplifier Mani in amplifier it will only make  You give more what you are for example if you like motorcycles and you have less money then you  I am also taking kicks from Royal Enfield but if you have lot of mani then you will go for Harley Davidson so mani just make you big verify somebody is as un as he will be as somebody is as un toxic person power hungary not in nice person It DOESN'T Actually Change Who You Are It Just Makes It Worse  There is a man who can feed 100 people. If you get a lot of money by doing some Bhandara in a month, you will feed a thousand people. You will just do what you do in any bigger way. So many percent change people date you personality. It is not change.  Your Core Values ​​Nothing on This Date Spy When People See People Who Have Many Lots of Money and They Are Not Good People If we understand this basic thing then we will be jealous of Mani, jailer him, bed him  Will stop doing mouth so date they can spread and more good so you being good nothing you do with Mani also Mani comes Through Various Activities Ok But Money Purse DOESN'T Have Other Color Gender Religion Or Something Its Nothing This Is A Tool In Life For You To Get Options In Life You Have To Go From One Place To Another You Can Go By Bus Air Condition  You can go by bus so when you don't give broom, mop, utensil and your wife present you broom, mop utensil it is not given to you and you are  Not doing it coldness Everyone has tried it, everyone will do it but why don't they because you date your time make it more valuable d time of date person who will do this job for date much because in date time you will spoil them and  You will rest and your body will be rested and you will be able to work more hard. price so once ur having gaming money and your becoming rich and you are on date part you should remember this thing date you have lot of things what you are doing so suppose your driving your on tax but once the money come you out source d time too  An driver where he drives and you're sitting behind and answering your mails reading something interesting listing you something interesting and  Just Relaxing So Mani Solves Your Lot of Problems This Is What People You Know Before Talking Philosophically About Mani Less Mani No Sources of Mani Less Sources of Mani Being Very Very Philosophical Award Mani You Haven't Earned That Right Only One Person Who Has Lots of  It Can Say Weather It's Everything Less Thing More  Thing and whatever somebody who dajunt have it is this give sour grapes thing that Foxy one you saw for example if you ca n't get it then those grapes must be sour, man it would be useless so have and have you ever given money to a very rich man today  Have you ever seen anyone saying anything negative about a date? Because they understand what is the value of date, they will never give a date that will disrespect you. On one hand, here in our country Lakshmi ji.  Worship is done on Diwali with respect and also you know and on the other hand we have this kind of belief system, today I want to tell him one thing, now land this video, you have listened to it, mother must be doing Lakshmi ji's aarti, my wife.  You may be wondering or you can after this Google it is ok and many do advise even on Diwali, there is a line in it, everything becomes possible to everyone, I don't get scared, this is what Manish, everything becomes possible.  I am not afraid so it will address come through the lock of money for the money going on d Mani not coming and if the money is there Lakshmi ji is there give everything becomes possible everything is possible Vikram everything is possible so Mani again increase your possibilities in  Life treated like debt is possible so many things in life are possible, you are staying away from your home.  They are after a job from their family members, that is because there is no money, the money is coming from there, there is no ability to bring it from anywhere else, it is not a real problem, it is not a compulsion, everything would have been possible for us, then we would have been treated like debt, it is a belief.  The system which I had said earlier, Manish, you also need crust, it is fine, nothing is everything, so there is no need to talk about this Mani, Manish, not everything, health everything.  Self respect is nothing you require lot of things to make a good life so saying this is not everything statement which is made mostly by losers who do not habit and have limited quality and who think date and attract marvel date is same  They'll Say It's Not Everything Because They Desperately Want You Get  Satisfied with their lower income skills and lower income levels. This display shows that people roam around healthy. You have heard from someone's mouth that health is not everything. It is called by the person. It is a simple thing that means health is not everything. Sorry, there must be something else for him, so this.  This is how you train your mind set. This is how you train your mind for these possibilities. This is the dialogue you hear from other people.  Hai and usko vo bolna hai is wrong if you will have correct believe systems, give only date growth and happiness and good life you will be able to live respect vice debate baazi mein achhe nikl jaoge aap argument achhe nikl jaoge which I have given in this video.  Logic and time told in this video if you have other counter logic too please comment section not everything is everything give it my take you tell  Me what is everything friendship is everything what is everything thank you very much