Hello friends, the most popular question of youth, especially people who are like in 20 early 20 Guruji, what should we do, what should we do or for anyone, what should I work, what should I do, so today I will try my best to answer those people who have logic. If it suits you, if you enjoy it, then write your age. If you are a little elder, then share it with your children. If you are in your 30s, then share it with your younger brothers and sisters. If they fall in this, then share it with them.  It is okay to take it and even if you are doing a job and this question is what should I do, what should I do, especially women, anyone has this question because this question is very common, what should I do, what should I do, this kind of what should I do or  Someone will say more, I have not done hotel management, what should I do, someone will say, I have done MBA, someone will say, I have done this, someone will say, I am doing this and I want to do this.  I want to do this, what should I do? Today I try to explain the answer because I am asked a lot, why would anyone ever tell you, sincerely, what should you tell me, no, you are knowledgeable people, you are consultants, you are counselors.  Well, these days a lot of people are saying, go to university, go here in foreign country, take this path, we will tell you and take your aptitude test. All these tricks are going on very, very tricksy, parents are also doing a lot of tricks, because what are the parents, poor people, they are very clueless, they think that if we don't know, then we take them to some place, they will tell us what our child will do, okay and then  They are paying a lot of money for Delhi Gurgaon, they are earning a lot. Okay, I never feel like stomping on their earnings when I come here. I never wear the mask of a social reformer. My M.  It is not necessary to have a higher moral standing. I do n't like scams. People are also doing good work but what I want to tell people is that every person has great interest and relight. Every person will set his own course, his university will set his own limits and that is not necessary.  Is it right for you, so many private universities, so many are opened, 8 lakhs, 9 lakhs, 10 lakhs, 12, I am telling you that this is small, less, less, other wise, 20  30-40 lakh rupees have been spent on water, there is no guarantee that you will do anything, the youth is wasting their time, attendance has been made compulsory on 75-70 days, you know, nothing is going to be achieved, but since there is nothing else to do.  So have n't I even graduated? Brother, what are you saying? You should not even do graduation. How will marriage happen? Yes, I also know, then I will have to do that poor graduation because the system has become such that  Brother, that will have to be done and going to and from college is wasting time. No skill is being set. Look brother, if you become an IIT IM then it will seem like you have got a job, but these IET IMs, brothers and sisters, are not even getting 99.5%, so I don't know if they are somewhere else. And even among these IITs, the top five IMs, both the original ones and ABC Kolkata and all these IITs, apart from the top ones, there is no idea about the ones below them, so many have opened these days.  So it's okay, many places have opened like 'I am' and other such places, more are opening now, so there is no brand value in saying ' yes, she has come', there is a difference in those things between the two, it is better than them.  If there are any other colleges, then I want to tell through this video. Again, people are confused, tell me quickly, what is the answer, ma'am, I am bored, this youth has less patience, tell me quickly, nobody is going to.  Tell you child nobody is going to tell you because anybody tells you ok again then you say you take names of YouTube you humiliate because people are doing that Akshay Srivastava Varaku I did this I did this do it like this do it like that  Lo see it dozen work because now in 2024 who did what in 2001 what in 2005 what in seven what in 10 He has got no meaning because he has reached here after 2022 years of experience. Now this guy here can do anything. Once he gets 10,15,20,30 lakh subscribers, he can do anything. Then you have made your own band platform. Sell ​​Kaju Katli on that platform, sell anything on that platform, sell any course, sell knowledge, sell stock market, do affiliate marketing, sell the app, sell yourself.  Sell ​​anything, sell anything, now sitting here they are sharing this knowledge and here you all are listening. The fact is that you are rich here is the issue and you are not rich here. They are coming here and saying that we did this, we did this.  If they did this then they reached there but that is not the ecosystem, that is not the time like now I know people don't like all this clarity for youth because they remain scientific but one thing in astrology we told and explained like this.  It is said that there is time and space, this is science in life, time and space are science, then there is something called time and there is something called space, then there is some event inside it, if there is something, then if time gets separated.  It is not 2007, it is not 2005, because the opportunity through technology which was available to few people in 2007, is available to everyone in 2024, since it is available to everyone, it is there.  All those things can be done There is no mutual advantage Suppose your father earns ₹ lakh a month and some month And you are the child of 80000 person, you are the child of 4 lakh person, so the child of 4 lakh person has no advantage in the market That's it  Can also do it and the one who has a high money degree, maybe the one with Rs 4 lakh can go to the one who spends more, that college is not worth it, his degree is  Not worth the paper is printed on it, now no one will tell, otherwise what is this 4 lakh person, he goes in it, this one can't go, so he starts doing something, in 4 years when he comes out, it is this air.  And he has the experience and experience in the work space, like us who are sitting in recruitment and all these leopards, we see that who can solve our problem, who can do the real work, what kind of knowledge is this?  What have you brought from the place? Gut no meaning because that is not applicable what we are going to do. We have to suck blood. 40 50 60 80 9 We have to get all the work done by paying Hajj. We have to make it work from morning to evening. We have to treat you like this.  So, the candidate we find good gets selected, now you are saying that I should take a degree, I have the knowledge, right?  So, we cannot say to us that you are a laborer, just do this, do that, never tell the youth the bigger picture, there is no entrepreneur in any enterprise, this is the work to be done, logistics supply, this is the business model, this is the margins, this is the funding here.  Marketing will come from this, the funnel is like this, if you understand these seven or eight things yourself, then you are an ass who will do any work for it, you will figure out and start your own thing.  Will do it and people are doing it at some stage, that's why I tell the youth, do a job and figure it all out, the sooner you do it, you will adopt it. I see the future of jobs in India that the companies with thousand people will be less than the ones with 100.  There will be less systems of two-three people, there will be a lot of lonely people, what do you do? You do some of your own work, you work from morning to evening, but you don't complete your life. You don't complete your life, you work from morning to evening. But I don't spend my whole life, I do n't know what all I do, and if you want to listen to what I do, it will take you a quarter of an hour to listen. You have someone who will become a youth and who will call the shots whom you will follow in your footsteps.  Can't put it, you are a doctor, you are an engineer, you are in sales, you are in finance, you do everything and everything, everything means everything, and to me, to some youth, when this seems like this, then a little abstract video will definitely seem tangy.  It won't take any force, isn't it, it's something like you are giving the knowledge of the stock market and quickly tell me which stock to buy, I will buy D-mat, can someone please tell me the sexy stock of Dewan House Finance Limited, which one can get the car, okay?  To reach somewhere in a long life, you will have to give time, brother, you will have to give a little patience, things will be a little abstract. Try to understand what I am trying to say. If you are not able to understand please type.  And if you are able to understand in which direction I am taking you, the saying goes, it is strange, it is 'thyme swark dyakti hai', people in Haryana say, I have heard it a lot, ' thym hi mare swark dikhta hai' meaning, for if you have to see.  Heaven You Have To Die Somewhere It's Not Don't Take Literal Dying Okay Please Youth Sometimes It's Okay It's Like You Have To Slog If You Have To Do Something you have to figure out, nobody else is going to do. Who knows how much talent you have? I can tell you 50 works. I had also made two-three videos, one for ET, I made that one, the other one, I made Makhanawala, all that.  How to do it, do n't you figure out the idea yourself, I told you the idea, not that, I always have the dialogue, deposit the check in the bank account, don't give up so much knowledge, what to take, tell me the account number, I can do the work.  I will tell you everything, I will give you everything, supply logistics chain, marketing fun, everything is me, no one else is going to tell, brother, no one is going to tell, no one is ever going to tell, you say this, then how do you help, how is help, listen, you are trying to do something.  You have rich a place there people like me can come and help you why because we are multiplier effects force multipliers hai hum ye soch lo jaaye bole hai hai or we are voltage ke  There are amplifiers, the current is coming, we made it 210 on G 140, but the current itself is zero, so we cannot make it 210, you understand, there has to be a bare minimum of talent, then only we can take it forward, you do not know bowling. So a bowling coach cannot teach bowling. Whoever is a bowling coach, whether he is a bowling coach or an athletic coach or any coach of any level, he should not teach bowling.  Gives training to the one who knows how to play that sport and reaches some level, now if 100 is international level and in Olympics you are reaching the finals, if it is 100 is that level then it is at 40 50 then that coaching comes because coaching.  Only 50 can take it from 60 to 80, after 80 again it is his luck and hard work, but if a person comes 10 20  If a person is 30, coaching can only take him till 50, there is no market for 50, it's like entertainment, then he is not a coach, then he is just like a gym trainer, he is like, yes brother, lift the weight like that, yes, do it like this.  Well, do it, no, do some exercise, it is different, then there is nothing, so people can only help you if you have something, now what are the children today, what is that, tell us what to do.  We are sitting at zero in everything, some things, do them to a level of 203 and do multiple things, reach a level of 40 50 in some of them, interest in some of them, you are able to reach to a particular level and then  You realize that I have to take the next step, I need a help, that's why I will give you my youtube1, subscribe again and then ask. Friend, how does this algorithm work, how to make thumbnails or how to upload videos, first do something, you have not created a video channel, you have not created the content, you do not know the videos, you do not know how, you go straight to hire a video editor first and he says, Before you had money, you learned everything, meaning how much money to earn, what to do, everything to do further, but if you don't go till 40, then only those who reach one level are helped by youtube0 subscribers or there is some event for that.  After youtube2, how many 10 crore people are sitting in the world with open channels, so should youtube1 give that yes, we will teach everyone, let's see who is consistent, who has reached how many subscribers, who has how many views, is this guy looking good or  This girl or boy, it looks fine, we have crossed this threshold, now we will help it to fine tune and go ahead, then the same thing is applicable to  Youth you have to do I see most of you doing exam preparation ok I should not be using this because a little bit many times Wola use words like this na it is some times meaning so little bit aam sorry exam only should be said ok  The preparation for the exam is fine. The public is preparing for the exam. If you are from 21 to 30, then what will help you? Only one person is helping you. How to pass this exam?  No matter how good a trainer comes, the odds will remain the same and even if you get 99.5, you will not be able to pass and in 99.5, your ability means the probability is very high. What do people do sometimes? Yes, I got number four in my prelims, he got number four in that.  Do n't put yourself in percentage. If you are not in the top 10 consistently in any competitive exam, then you have no realistic chance because that's how low it is.  The same coach can give coaching. In the same coaching academy, someone passes out. If someone does not pass, then the one who passed is already there. He was sitting with the thrush hold crossed, he got that much knowledge and he passed out. You have reached here by sitting here, that's all now. You can't go above this. I do n't know why people are not realizing this thing. This is something really practical in youth, which is look at yourself where you stand.  Consistently, you will come to know in three papers, if you are not clearing Prelims even in three times, then leave it friend, what is your stubbornness, I am talking about a popular exam of UPSC, rest you can also do your small exams like this.  If you can, then never ask someone what to do, start doing it yourself, when you reach somewhere, now ask someone that I have reached here, you are an expert in this, now take me forward, this is the approach.  Don't ask what to do in the beginning. And parents, you know your children best. Don't hold them and move them here and there. Everyone will say that whoever is sitting next to you will go to the sweet seller. Coaxing a lot is a very good thing.  What a place to cut hair, this is a very good salon, it is doing well, India is a good tourist destination, it is a blue ocean opportunity, it is a sunrise sector and you will reach places if you do this.  Everyone has to say, you, every person who has opened a shop, has to say this, why would he say this, I will tell you, you learn the technology of jewelery design, learn jewelery designing, this guy go here, he will tell the story of fashion anywhere, he will come and get a job.  It is 0000, 00, 50 and is not even available and many a times it happens that how will I survive in 50 in a big city? So first of all we ask, is there any superficial money?  You are going on things which are one technique of human being, let me tell you one more thing and I will finish with the practical one because the most important thing is told at the end of the video that you can become whatever you want to become, please do what those people have become because there is something new.  No one is doing it, okay, whatever has been done, including AI, people have gone ahead in AI also, whatever you want to do in your life, chat, accountancy, lawyer, doctor, whatever you are doing, go beyond that.  Meet people, meet 10 different people and make notes and don't meet those who have started, their excitement level will be higher because of being an idiot than the one who has been doing this work for 1015 years. Ask him genuinely. Ask him what his future holds because he has gone ahead on the path. He can see more of it. It is a hill, isn't it? The one who is sitting here will see less than the one who is sitting here.  If you want to see here, the higher you go, the further you can see. If you are okay then ask those who have gone ahead in it, brother, I am coming now, how is the future, as if I am saying this, those who are trying to get a government job in 2024.  They have been absolutely useless, the people of 2000 had fun, the people of 1992 have spent more time and those who were there in 1960-70 and are sitting retired, from 2025 they have  You looted the whole atmosphere but you cannot take a decision in 2024 on the basis of their testimonials because if you add 36 years from now, you have a job for 60 years, then the child born in 2000 will work till 2060, so does it seem now from 2024 to 2060? If this work is worth doing then those who are sitting now and cannot leave it for 15-20 years in 2024 and those who are  If you have to do it for 15-20 years, please ask them, brother, is it worth it or not worth it or what is the scene, then it will be explained to you, please connect with two people, then only you will get the opinion, if you meet someone while walking.  If you keep taking opinions from shoppers, you will get very superficial shopper knowledge, but you will not get practical. Always what ever you want to do. Meet 10 people above.  10 years of experience in that ideally 15 and more other wise 10 is the bare minimum don't ask 3 years ago Now this is what they become, in the first two-three years they keep making their own reels Tata Teena Tata Teena scold here  They have been scolding there, they are scolding them, they are scolding them, till date no one has asked them that brother, you came to make this reel. Here again ask those who are 15 years old, 20 years old, 15 20 years old, you will not even be able to see them, you will not even know where they are because they are actually you know in to work and above all these things and they are pragmatic that yes friend.  It was fun, you will get good knowledge from him and he will tell you on the basis of next 20 years, which he will not tell on the basis of yesterday and will tell in private. End  I am talking about only one thing, It's not about this only, It's about everything, you want to go anywhere, anywhere you want to go in Railways, ask in which small places are the postings, how do children study, what is the struggle of wife.  Are there job opportunities? How much leave do you get? How is the work culture? Ask all these things. Are you enjoying it or not? Brother, how are you feeling, uncle and uncle?  Uncle, everyone is somewhere in everyone's relationship, ask genuinely and then take references from 10-12 people and ask them, friend, 15 people can never be of any color, you will see the pattern, the real pattern will be visible if you go somewhere publicly or someone organizes it.  Or the coaching academy has organized it, the school or college has organized it, they are giving wrong knowledge to you people because everyone has to be trapped somewhere or the other. That if you go today, the one who motivates, the one who motivates knows that I have come to motivate, then I demotivate, it is very good and or it is very challenging and we get to change the world and the world and leave we need to get to make the  Impact and take it as if you were sitting in your car and had brought the file and told you to do it. Why don't you get it done, nothing is in anyone's hands, it's the only thing.  Politicians and businessmen are changing the country and the world, there is no third this thing, remember that everyone else is a servant, so if someone wants to change the world, then I will become a businessman, entrepreneur, there will be an info webinar group for you in the comment section. Under that, I do some workshop or something like this on jobs or something. Recently I am going to do it on 25th Feb. If you are listening after that then no problem, you can watch the recording from it.  If you are listening first then you can do yours. Please be realistic about your jobs and your career. Do n't keep asking endlessly what to do. No one can tell you what to do and who has done it and reached where he has.  Neither does he know, I also don't know, I am going to have 2 lakh subscribers on this channel, I am going to have 4 lakh subscribers on my second channel, there are many more, how can it happen, I too don't know, I do n't know very much, I can't.  Tell you the process and the results because ultimately it's like no one is teaching acting. If he is such a good actor who is teaching you acting then why is he not a superstar.  There must be some difference, that means there are many people who teach acting, now this guy who has become the brother of Bobby Dil in the movie This Guy Animal, what is his star's name Saurabh Saurabh  Saurabh is the name second name I am speaking he teaches acting to the people he is a very fine actor but he is such a fine actor we liked it very much in small role but still we have not seen much of his work tell me why that happened  He is a fine actor, he is a judge, there are a lot of actors who have become superstars and have become big hit movies. I have seen him in this. I have seen him in this.  Animal and Kisi Aur Main I Don't Know It's Okay He Has Intense Eyes Good Acting Very Small Role Good Impact No Doubt But Then He He Himself Not Ray Places What is the answer to this, can you tell me, sometimes it happens like this, it's late  There are so many things to be successful in life that people can't tell you can't tell ok so you have to every person has to figure it out  At Some Places People Will Help You People Will Help You Give The People Helping You Like Me Like That Surfer Who Teaches Acting Give Them Themselves They Can't Reach These Places But They Fill In The Gaps In You So You Can Become a Greater Person But then you should have your own story on journey, beyond that you are getting a little push which is sitting at zero, sitting at zero current, brother, some of that  No, I don't know how to act, I don't feel like it from inside, you go to someone, he can't make you do anything, it's okay, so that's the message, I hope you a