Hello friends, I would like to tell you some things on mutual funds because mutual friend is right, it is right, it is quite right, it is going on, it is also right, I will not tell him that it is not right but I will tell some more aspects of mutual funds, many people are crazy about mutual funds.  Youngsters are told a lot of compounding stories and this is how you give itna dal do 10000 give itna dal do for so many days in 20 years.  By doing so much crores in 30 years, you are told that it will become 3 crores, it will be something like 7 to 8% inflation, if 6:30 continues then it is equal to today's 40 lakhs, that is not so great, firstly, secondly.  The thing that I want to tell you is that there are expense ratios in mutual funds. Their fund managers are given very high salaries. Please Google and see that their salary can be up to Rs. 45 crores.  It is being taken from the same money, remember that every year, if you don't earn this income, you will be charged one and a half to two and a half percent, which can be called expense in different ways, what does it mean if you go inside a fund house, then you will not know that there are hundreds of mutual funds and  If there are fifty such then it means that a scheme of 4 5000 mutual funds is going on. I am telling about equity, there are as many mutual friends as there are shares and every  If there are 60, 70, 80, 90 shares in a mutual fund, then you should understand that this raytana means that they have twisted it like this and what do people do in this? Many people among you, I will give some advice in this, many buy schemes of mutual funds when they become elderly.  Let's go, nomination is not okay for anyone, nothing else is okay, someone in digital format, someone in demat, someone in paper form and that old man has gone or anyone can go at any time, his life is so big. Give more 324 games. If you take a little small cap, it covers the market. If you are taking more than that, then you are buying lottery tickets. Sometimes buying in index funds also gives this good thought. What happens in mutual funds this date? Two men read and say that it is okay to type Ram and Shyam as an example and it is a lot of fun that you take your 10000 team and you are set, it is okay and also  You will get 12-13% return from mutual fund. What Nifty has given is fine, which is the expected return and period and time, if you are growing your money even at 6, 7, 8%, then the SIP of Rs. 10,000 that you started every year.  You are increasing by 10%, first it was 10, then 11, then ₹ 1200. If you keep increasing like this, you will have. Give much more money Forgetting about it De focus what I want you tell people understand Youngster In the beginning even if you do not sip this thousand rupees ₹ 2000 and nothing else happens then there will not be much change for you because you should follow this advice carefully.  You have to understand, this is a very, very deep advice, okay, in the beginning you set skills within yourself, you add value within yourself, the salary increases quickly from 30. 50 becomes 50 to 70-80, it becomes 1.5 lakh, after that a number of technicians come to him, till then your acquired wealth is also increasing a little, then it mixes a lot of difference, his CR becomes two to three.  Now those three C's are gone till 12, one is ours, there is 8% less, there is a lot of difference from the mix, our 12 are ours, that agreement is there, so much focus has been put in it, people have given the team to the youngsters.  That he is not skilling himself, brother, he takes Rs 30,000 and sips Rs 1,000. There are 10 cases of punch. No one is getting anywhere. This excel king has become very famous on YouTube, he will open such a laptop at the same time and show you excel with the money.  Will give and you will like it very much and it will seem that you have spent so many crores. If you do not buy coffee at Starbucks which costs ₹ 400 and if you drink Man Lo Char coffee then you put it here for ₹ 1600.  So in 30 years it will be like this, hey, people are fooling you, try to create so much wealth in your life, try to create value that you will not need this Starbucks coffee example, even if you drink 10 coffees, always remember.  The statement is not yours, not mine, no deal is being made, you are sitting there, there is networking there, brother, that coffee is worth Rs 300-400, does anyone digest some food worth Rs.  There is a bill of rupees, you also get to sit there for 1 hour, then you come comfortably, sit, talk peacefully, order one thing and then do another, that is one and a half hour's time, no one is promoting it in such a nice place, example, it is mandatory.  Also, I am taking an example and telling you, mine is not like Starbucks. Okay, so I am taking an example and telling you, there can be some other changes as well, which depending on the date, I  I am telling you an example, don't focus here because all the financial insulin like I am also this channel is one of the things of clarity. I give clarity and things financial are also the van of dam. Okay, so I said to give this in our life.  Brain is juice. Brain juice is called brain juice. Focus, don't let them focus on these small things. Youngster, your focus should be like this, you learn if you can learn.  You invest in stocks it is very good thing I am no where suggesting don't do SIP I am not and don't invest in mutual fund its a starter initially you need that support system for cycling ok then after that they remove  It is fine but it is necessary to remove it, it is right, it is right, no one asks that every time two percent is deducted from your account and that is to focus on increasing the SIP and only then the SIP will increase.  When your income will increase, then my focus should be on increasing your income because income will be there for the first 10 to 15 years and there is one more thing, you have to understand one more thing, today I will tell you a deep thing, understand people, there are only three benefits of money.  Things are meant to be consumed and donated for that then your goal will be you will consume. After so many years, many times the body is no longer there. I am telling with my wisdom, now I don't have any bungee jumping.  I will go to the garden, there will be a shock and a scandal will happen, that bungee jumping, you will get that experience at 24, 25, 28, 30, 22. It has to take time, it takes all the time, if you play the game of sip, sip and savings, then you will get that experience.  It's time, then that's the time, the job poor can't go, also and dear balance, it is also said that those who are financial influencers have different responsibilities, they say that brother no.  So I don't do like this, do like this but man, these games cannot be played completely, this is not a game that is telling people that brother, increase your ability to earn money because this is a difficult thing and not an easy thing, the action is opened and the computer shows the share screen.  Kari watch youtube video see I put it person and gave it because 12% and then become 14% and this will happen date will happen are nobody can predict returns if inflation  Of Percentage When Inflation Is Four And You Are Getting 8 It Is + 4% Return When Inflation Itself Is 9% 12% Return Which Is More Than 8% It Is 3% I Hope You Understand And Reverse Its Maths What Can You Do  You can see the loan when inflation is high and loan is low, you should take loan, this and micro economics will be discussed in more detail.  samjhaunga Today I had to learn this thing that you cannot be free from this syllabus just by doing this mutual fund, have you outsourced it, this is not your 11th 12th project which you have outsourced and someone has made it and your project will be work.  And take your numbers, life does not work like this and it is being run like this, this is how it is being told that brother, you cannot invest in mutual funds yourself, you cannot know yourself, we will do it. [Music] If the market goes up by 2%, if it is 2:15, then you understand the biggest compulsion of the refund person. When the market is down and he should invest money and buy more stocks, then the retail money is going out, so he has to  One should buy stocks, instead of buying them one has to sell them so that one can give them money. When redemption comes and when the market is now heated and returns are seen increasing, then when the grid of retail comes, that SIP increases further.  Used to be  Or other people are giving and this person needs you just sit on cash, he does not do 50% cash at the time because of the mandatory 4-5% cash, the proposal is to buy the thing and the rest is to scan it, how to catch something in it.  You know that your mutual fund people are buying stocks. I have already told you that because you will buy stocks, you will be hanging in these set training. Googling is the raisin and manager of the fund. Even if these are low, he says, we have to buy this share, if we buy mutual fund, then the share will increase, this is the first knowledge, okay, so all these are also going low, so what I am saying is, do it, but don't think like that, that's it.  I did it, TKT, something like if you want to be healthy, it is just that you did Chavanprash, started eating one thing, now I just eat this, any one particular item.  So I will stay healthy. It is you have to do these things, you have to do exercise, you don't have to take stress, you have to relax, you have to sleep well, you have to drink water, you have to do these things, you have to be healthy from financial  Health mutual fund is not going to work less than the right one. I am telling you in the coming time that brother, if you just outsource it like it is taught then neither do you yourself.  You have to study, you have to take tuitions, you have to prepare for the competition, you have to learn digital, you have to prepare for the competition, you have to do things for the school too, you have to do things for the school teacher, you have to do many things, you can't just hope that this is done.  It will just cross me, the date is not going to happen like this, it is the biggest missile, so anywhere I have again made the disclaimer, please comfortably sunrise and tell me, nowhere I have said that if you do mutual fund then this mutual fund.  Stop doing mutual funds, it is a very bad thing, no, it is better than doing nothing, it is better to do HD, but will we be able to survive only by this? No, we have to move ahead with this. You did mutual funds for the first one year, see the performance. Slowly and gradually you start understanding things on this channel. If you watch the videos on the stock market, these are my 11 12 basic videos on man and this mental model on decision making. You must watch them then you will understand everything when you see them.  If you do then you will be able to relate these things thank you