Hello friends, the topic is very simple, the heading is very simple but the video is going to be very late and I have to tell you did you understand, did you enjoy it or not, what exactly was there to say, job versus start job, do a job, do a startup, I will separate this-  I will explain it in a different way, one thing is that whether you are 22-24 years old, whether you are 34-35 years old or 44-45 years old, after that it is time to become a shop-band in today's time. I am fine, then you have to do that. Okay, then I will address these people. You are a 23, 24, 25 year old kid. You are a big star. You want to do a startup. First, you have to finance the entire expenses from your parents, then take a degree, now do a startup, then you will ask for money.  And someone whose father is not ready to give money, why would she invest any money in a startup? When we have a meeting, something like this happens and we are sitting, my first question is simple, who is the son or daughter?  is also  Friend father, this is putting money on father, this note putting is the same sold way, trust is there or not, ideas roam around according to the forts in Chavadi Bazaar to get gas oil, idea has no value, what is the idea of ​​startup, sir, game execution, give it to father.  Do you know that you do n't change the bed and seat? There is no shortage of people in the house, no one goes on time, what kind of person you are, you invest money only after thinking, then let's discuss about startup, why should it be six to start a startup?  Because your story is that you did not get the job, you are not worthy of the job but you want to become a star because you have done chemical engineering from IIT and have taught yourself the formula and that thing is done very well in India, there is power because of the people of China and you know everything.  And but you know that I have set up this factory from here, my plant will come from Germany, my girlfriend will set it up, her friends will also set it up and people like us will also set up it, everyone will set up it, it is okay with the money, they do not have any problem, the problem is a normal man.  There is no need to rush to start a startup in the early 20's and it is definitely better to do something in a supervised and internally regulated environment only when the first question was asked and something was done because when you told me that I was on a debt company. 4  Years, what did you do less for me, how much are your skills, how good, I will not know, I will know one thing and do something less, this is missing in the new generation, a basic thing which the world used to do in India and even now.  Another group is doing it and it considers nothing great. Yes, I pick it up, I go, I go, sir, this Jain doesn't do it, I don't know, she sleeps at 2:00 am, 3:00 am, I don't know what she does, what intoxication she does.  And where do they all do less, there is no discipline in their living, neither is their moral moral, moral is correct, neither is their stomach correct, nor is their soul correct, there is a problem here at this level itself and that You can do anything to yourself in the name of startup color, we will reduce you like this, this is also a system, the physical is getting exhausted, so first of all you should establish yourself by doing a job and do not get into this thing.  Ghusso's job is bad, startup is bad because ultimate money is what is important, you establish a company after that and then come back and start something else dream11 and after doing all this and style is such a relief, now I have to say if I stand  I am fine and there is a car parked behind me worth three-three- four-four five-five crores or I show my house worth Rs. 10-20-40 crores, then if I come and talk nonsense then people will think that yes man, he has layered it.  Hey my brother, it is not his, brother, he must have done something, so you should also do it, all kinds of people do acquisitions on him, everything is his, now ultimately he has become, he has become, now he too has become.  If everyone comes to YouTube then everyone comes to YouTube because the ultimate thought is to show or do this business, there is always a sixth class on profit, seventh class basic cost price, selling price discount, profit loss, this is what profit is, nothing else but valuation.  Made it 30 times the revenue of Rs 10000 crore and took funding from Gurgaon on valuation.  Man, now we also invest money in funding, we know that it gets multiplied by 10-20 times, if 10 places are sunk, so much money is invested in one place that you then get money to play 10 more such games, then this money is used in playing startups.  This is a startup, it will run, this system will run for 5 years, but this is the story, the company is not producing anything sustainable. Of all the companies that have come in the last 5 years, take the name of one which is in profit and which is showing growth.  The money of all the investors has been wasted and who has billed out the ultimate investors? The biggest fool in China is the retail investor. Since all these systems of theirs are destroyed, only then the startup people go on the IPL route and even then their  Some say that earlier I used to attract so many people, now I will become so many, I am feeding so many people, Indian customer consumer is very questionable, cheap food is being delivered at home, the food is available as soon as  You increase money in it, then he will start cooking in his house or start going there, then he will not eat at home and then your model is crushed again, then you will bring him down to recover, then he will come again. He will run away again. Okay, change some schemes here, so people sometimes live with Airtel, sometimes live with Airtel, sometimes from here to there, from there to here, such dogs, which plane to get, then it is not easy to do business in Indian India. Date is what I.  M Tring, what else are you telling us, you are making us negative, such a big country, the country is very good, but we are only so many, will it be anything else, brother, is this Swami doing this kind of thought process outside?  I don't do it. Someone outside said, this is less, this is the rate, this is the product, this is the price. In India only, the system of MRP maximum retail price is not there in America. In America, in the rest of the country, how much is the shopkeeper looking at the thing, how much is it in other places. between  This is the story and how many has it been there in India, inside any cinema hall in India or if people started selling it by charging higher rates, then they used to send more money instead of going to match, it is only ok and if they say MRP then MRP bottles are printed.  Drink ₹ 60, now there is some marking on ₹ 60, now after taking the tax, it is very difficult in Indian. Understanding the consumer, understanding the customer, satisfying him is very, very difficult. It is not easy in India and the person who is doing this startup.  After that, ask the person who is doing this business, he is in a job, the employee is not happy because he is doing the job as he likes, there is nothing wrong with his job purse, did he reduce his monthly assured salary? Not in bed, you leave your life, only think that you get sad due to the humiliation you face there, it just does something, brother, I am telling all the working people, if you reduce 40 hours in a week and  If you reduce 160 to 180 hours in a month, then you will have to reduce more than 300 hours. Saturday, Sunday will have to be reduced. In the beginning, the person who is a startup and has less business, he has to reduce the most on Saturday. Because the rest of the people are free on Saturday or Monday, there is no need to reduce the days from Monday to Friday. Holi is also reducing it on Diwali, it is his holiday, so when the body is insured, if there is any insurance in his family, that is his holiday.  For the rest of the employed people, there are weekends, 52 Saturdays, 52 Sundays, Republic Day, then Diwali, then Holi, then your Independence Day, then this birth anniversary of yours, that birth anniversary, sometimes yes, sometimes that. Do you know how many holidays are there, then you have understood that the job is bad, the job is somewhat bad.  No, the thing is that do a job, do less than your wife and you can do something small on the side. Do these three things. If you do these three things then the trend of job is better. Do business in India then it means a lot.  If you know about liability then it is okay, there is a lot of grind in a small business and it is a matter of compulsion, no, you are doing our moral, all the people are saying Startup India Startup India, where more people are going, there is competition.  If there is competition then go to the place where it is less and now you are saying that you are not even getting a job, you are not getting a job of your choice, you have a lot of other vices, you have to do yours, then I have to do what you like, if you want a job of your choice.  If you can't find it then  If it's your choice, change it, if not, then I will reduce something of mine. You know how much time it takes to reduce yours. You know when to pay GST. You know how to pay income tax. You know in the supply chain.  How to give vouchers, how to input what to do with credit, then care has to be taken and everything is done by you and you know how much of a headache it is, you are this wedding, sometimes all the videos are not of oil, you have to do like this.  Sir I want women  I want to say that do it for all the less women, do it even while you are in the job, who hasn't done it, why can't we do both the things, if you have a wife and she is doing it and you are giving her 20-30 40% support.  Ho it is sesame butter give you living de job in discovery 35 in 45 if you have to leave job and do less day date is steel n butter option because atlist you know skill it and you have to know your product  You know the franchise, you know this, brother, I used to do this in the company in my life, here was this product, it is sold like this, its margin is this much, at least you got this idea which comes only with time.  How much can it be, then you will have the realization that it is not necessary for me to leave the job because as soon as you leave the job, your huge network, many numbers, WhatsApp goodwill, that too will disappear and that is necessary for you in your business now.  you will say that  Should I do this business and should I do this? Yes, this is the catch, this is the catch, I am telling you, do the business while keeping all the systems here and in the name of your better half, whatever madam's name is, open Neha Private Limited, open any property form of Neha, open anything.  Product batch send multiple products and utilize whatever supply chain system you have. Utilize your distributorship. Utilize all the people below you. Not for wife's business, but this would not be ethical, our company will come to know, this is how it will happen, in that you are in a shop, you are in a phone company, if the phone is left, then the shopkeeper must be sending something else too, then you have typed that.  You have made it a private limited, you can do anything with your friends, what are you cheating on your company, then it is in this matter because what is the problem, this is the fear that the company will not let you do anything while in the job, I do n't know what.  there will be solution  He has to earn the living of both job and startup, you have to become someone's servant and also reduce your private life and we also have to stay and give consultation and we understand these things better as team members if I do.  IF ur hearing this you felt a bit confused, felt like oxymoron, didn't understand the advice, did n't understand the lead, didn't understand what exactly they are saying, you can't just leave the security in the comfort of job and just po  It is not possible only it is something like jumping in NC and sanvere without a life port without a life jacket without anything required dat nahi kar apni ko aisi nahi ho do n't know when the situation has come to do it and which  Yes, you ca n't do it, people can't do it, so what is the use in discussing it, we have given them the idea of ​​doing this versus this, the catch is that we have to do it like this.  You have to take it, the transaction will be done when you get a conviction, then you will not ask whether you will leave the job, when you say that I should leave the job and do this, then what do you have to do, you have to do the tree while working, you do a 6 month pilot project in the name of your wife.  If you get an idea and want to do it then you will get a job and sometimes what happens is brother, leave the job and do it and then get a job at some other place, there is no need to worry so much but I will still suggest it to people.  Please don't leave your job so soon. Do n't find happiness in your job. No one is happy in a job, but it does not mean that you have to do a job, no, I get a lot of happiness. I am so excited about your certain Mondays in things in life.  If there is no happiness in what you have to do, then that job is also like this. After a stage, take any job. In the beginning there is excitement, then the excitement subsides, then it becomes a Monday, then you have to do it, you are almost settled. Some?  Shikha and there I kept my mind focused that how can I start my own small business from this job and be satisfied, in any job you reduce, how can you reduce all the departments there, what is the distribution of the product, what is the supply chain, what is the margin, things. How are the vouchers sold, how are the ranges, what is the system of GST, you will have to understand that sir and you can understand it only while you are on the job. No one can give you entropy training. You should imagine yourself that you are on the job.  You  You are a business owner, now you see how it works, you will learn to perform those functions. In the beginning, you cannot think that you will get 50 employees, then he will see that for that he will have to withdraw only ₹ 25 lakh as salary. You don't have much money per month, where we have started drawing salary of Rs 25 lakhs. Naughty easy, we will learn to do it ourselves, very less they will learn to do it, so first learn to see.  How much is it less and whether it is executed or not? So, if you want to understand this thing through detail channel, then subscribe to Info Web Minar Group in the comment area. If you have not done so yet, you will get notification there in the month.  If there is one then we will meet again. Thank you for telling me.