Hello friends, One actionable change which Indian young men need to do immediately if they want to live a fulfilling life, it is a very important topic, explained it very well, please share, there should be no condemning man, you must have seen the women running away from here.  If anything goes wrong with women, they cry along with many people, they will call their sister, they will call their mother, they will call their friend, they will call their friend.  Are there relationship issues or does something happen at the thought process level? Demand your rights. Feminism: Feminism is also going on a lot. You know, the reactions of men are very out there and what is the reason that they do not become men of the old generation?  If it is going to happen, then the reactions of the men come. They have created a toxic ted club that even if women do something wrong, it is messed up in the sense that it is not reasonable in the house.  She doesn't work, doesn't earn money, does n't keep up with her mother, her nature is not good, there is an affair of extra-marital affair, whatever, everyone has their own list, days are the complaint list of men, as if women are roaming around with them, but they don't hate red clubs.  Keep it up, she is sensible, she is roaming around with it, she is crying, what am I saying to change here, to the men that you should not make hate raid club, tod tox city  Don't go to the level, do n't ruin everyone that everyone will do 498. Everyone will go to jail. Marriage means marriage. Earlier we used to say that marriage feels like a jail to some. Freedom goes away. Now people have taken it literally or actually.  If you call yourself a social scientist like me, you will automatically become more of a scientist than a social observer.  Okay, I am a social observer, I would also like to say that I am a social reformer and I have started a campaign to bring peace in the society, people should get married, people should live comfortably, girls are not bad, boys are not bad and if they are bad then both are there, they are there and I am Like a man who mediates when I also know what a man's pain is, I am not like that in Switzerland, in Switzerland too men are suffering different pain, they are suffering but men are not allowed to articulate.  The biggest problem I face is that women will quickly say, 'Come on women, this is mine, don't show me [ __ ] here, I make many videos for women, my problem is that women also run away, say something against them, my subscriber.  Then don't grow and sometimes make videos for men, they run away. Hey friend, I am talking about both, so for me both should be made. There should be ads. Sometimes you will like it, sometimes you will feel a little bad.  If someone thinks, what happened, sometimes sour, sometimes sweet, sometimes cold, sometimes hot, it's okay, man, understand what I am trying to say, you people have made me with such extreme views, if you want a woman to do the work, which I always say, then she should be.  What do people say? No matter what the man says, if it works, then affairs will happen. Again the thought process, if the colors work, then why will affairs happen? What is lacking in you, if you marry a woman, then what self-esteem issues do you have that you have?  It seems that if she goes out of the house, she will see many men. You are so bad, there are men in the society too, you understand, and if you go, she is alone in the house and what's more, if someone wants to create an illusion like this,  It can be inserted somehow and in my personal consultation I told that this is very much my view, there is no pattern, in fact, outside you are caught having affairs more, so it seems more because there was a report in Kerala at some time. That a lot of crime is reported, brother, the crime is not much, the crime of UP was very less, this time I normally do not like to take the names of states because people make it political, but take the names of some states or in general, you see. If reports are not being written anywhere then it means crime is less, that means you are not seeing crime, then crime is less somewhere. If you become a pigeon and put it in its mouth, then the cat will eat it, otherwise according to the data.  You get to hear from them that see, because there is gossip in the office, you know that even if someone is not having an affair, then our mind set is like the Indian narrow mind set which many people have, we are okay with these things. Seeing that she is talking to him, it is okay that she is having an affair with him, then that affair becomes very affair in the mind and also becomes real. If you combine both then the number comes out to be very high. If you apply the ratio to 100 women. Who  It seems as if only 25-30 people are working, out of which 90 will be imaginary and 10 will be true, but there is no database of those who live in houses, no one says anything about them.  If you don't know, if you do n't know then it's good, I am teaching you that don't go to talk city, actually discuss and debate, yes this is an issue, women also need to change those men.  Who will not do this? No, you should work at home, you should do offcourse, but what should you do, we do this much, so define how much we do, put tension force on it, there are two people, breakfast, lunch, dinner, ok, we made 12 rotis, but  He did n't come for lunch but he didn't do this one and what are the people facing outside after going there, so if you articulate and discuss about this, I want to do a free webinar for my subscribers, if you guys. They want that, I will do it for free, I want to do it on discussion basis, so I would like a lot of women to join it and a lot of youngsters to join and for them to join, I will share it on my info group for the subscribers info group which I create for Clarity for Youth subscribers.  There is a free information group for that, it must be posted in the comment section, you come and discuss once, I will mediate, you all come and join, whoever has been poisoned by me in the society, in one go.  Those who will join directly, I will remove them by giving them the platform, what fear do you have, like many big men have, she doesn't respect my parents, so you better do it, no, what do I need to do, I was born a boy, how much respect do you have to do?  Are the parents doing respectable work? Is his default setting a manufacturing problem that he doesn't know how to give respect or is not giving it after asking? Some hard questions will be asked: Will you marry your parents?  Do you want to serve your parents or want a company in your life, want to write your journey and story because if you marry only to serve your parents, then maids are available servants, are available drivers are available earn.  What do you do for free on that money? If you give nothing for free, you will be asked tough questions by the society. Pre-marital consultation is also a very good thing. Today, my pre-marital consultation is for those who want to get married.  If so, in the comment section or description, you will also get the link to that workshop which is of two and a half hours duration, in which there are 30 questions and its fee for a small pizza is the same as the pizza, the fee is the same as the veg pizza.  That one is fine, you take it, you can become a consultant in it or you will come to ask questions yourself, the boy will ask the girl, the girl will ask the boy, common question is common 30 questions.  Which you need to ask before you get into a relationship and get into the bond of marriage, so much of this is what I am doing in practical terms, I am not painting only idealistic scenarios here, what is it, whether yes should be done, no, no, it is good.  No no, women are absolutely white, men are black, not you, everything is grey, but men have no manners, women have their own network, men ca n't even talk to their father, son. Apart from this, if a man says more than this, then he will go to his father when the forest is over. If someone like this, he will think that I should not kill him, this is what the father's syllabus is, women still listen to each other and tips.  She makes you do it like this, you do it like this, this goes on, now for women, now for men, you also make a syllabus. If the man shares it with his friend, he will say, well, there must be something lacking in you, only then Bhabhi ji is not happy.  He also knows, I will tell my friend, he will beat me in the office that his wife is not happy with this, if he is not happy with this then he will come to make her happy, there are many like this and if men know, then men should do so without vulgarity and without fear.  Without doing that, we don't understand what is the point of discussing, so we paint everyone, we all are like this, doing it like this, it doesn't work, getting irritated won't work, we can't run away, even going to Bangkok doesn't work.  It's a very expensive ticket to Bangkok and even if you go, it's free there, people say you won't get AIDS, I will use that, yes, maybe you won't get AIDS, but you will get this one, the one with the virus, isn't it?  Diseases will not be found, bacterial ones will be found. Now I can also become a sexologist, but I am not becoming one, but I am explaining that brother, there are many issues, there are many issues, it is not so easy, it will not be possible, learn the syllabus, come and do it openly.  If you talk politely then it will be fun if you yourself and your friend will reveal the truth of the world to the four experiences you have had and in essence you will become that person with a huge experience and wisdom comes mostly. I have seen.  No matter how much I control myself, I am also an astrologer and the channel Clarity is for youth, but Sango reminded me that people who do not talk about astrology to you because I ask them for my life. Here people say that it is not scientific, you talk so much, you talk so well, we have subscribed, but if you have talked about this, then we are going, so don't go, that is why I avoid it, but still we will not be left without telling that Sango by doing simple astrology.  There is a separate youtube3 6 activation of Saturn, wisdom will come at the age of 36, even a donkey gets wisdom at the age of 36, the one who has no brain, his 36 is the age, his intellect and consciousness gets awakened by him.  First you have to run to wake up, it wakes up automatically after 36, so learn it before that, friend, because 36 is a lot of overs, it is a 50 over match, so you mean you have reached 30 overs, in a way, you are already at 40 overs.  If your batting is not set till now, then you will never be able to score 300 runs. Well, because 36 is quite old. Look at it in a way, from 22 to 36 to 14 years 14.  Ram ji was in exile for a year, he came back, okay, it will be activated in 36, first learn, I am ready to teach, if you join there, you will get a free webinar, I would like to keep it on a normal week day evening, when  The video is also going to be released in two to four days. Whenever you are watching the release, it will be released in the evening in two or three days and you will get its information on the webinar info group in the comment section. Go and join him, then you all will get clarity at once, otherwise you are giving knowledge to each other, one bitter boy is saying to another bitter boy, everything is like this, brother is brother, friend is friendship.  Come all like this, then this one will get married, then where should I go now, how many will we catch, till 36, everyone runs away here and there, show me these 40 year olds, I do n't get it, there will be many like this, you are stuck alone and all your sets are done.  somewhere  No, friend, now I have come to my senses, hey, you used to speak like this a lot, yes I used to speak, but no, now I have come to my senses, so all of you friends are not taking the decisions of your life, that is what I will try to do.  Bring in whatever I do, I will do it very well. Please join in it and take its clarity. There will be a discussion and whatever be your questions, their questions will be answered. It will be on other platforms.  Because of being open a little bit, she comes to that fear that by saying something politically incorrect, you might put your foot in your mouth, or there is this fear and the content does not come out of the fear, so you have to tell it openly. Many things are ok so please join thank you very much