Hello friends, clarity is a very important thing for youth. One problem with friendship means I have you should also have this problem with friendship. This is an aspect which people forget. In the matter of friendship, the belief system of many will hurt. It is important to keep this on the back of mind.  It is not that whatever has been told or explained will change your life on this but they say that they are giving the disclaimer first, read the offer.  Document Carefully for Investing Past market returns are not indicative of future returns but I am telling you the biggest problem of friendship is that your friend is your friend till the time he believes he is your friend the day he believes  The friendship has ended. The same thing is not true for your brother and sister and wife and father and mother. You cannot run away from them. You will not believe that there will be a fight today.  You are not my brother, tell your real brother, then what happens if you believe, that is what I am saying, there is no shadow journey because what youth is doing is wasting too much time in this friendship business, not realizing that when you are in the friendship business  And you are here at this level My college friend Life journey has played differently That friendship cannot last because you are not the same person  There, friendship with the person whom you are calling friendship is time pass, acquaintance ship, colleagues are peers, you are on a job, you are talking, you are passing time, you have no means but to be cordial to each other, nice to you. To be nice to each other. To be kind to each other. To be helpful to each other just because someone is your friend.  Kind to you Helpful to you Talks nicely They do n't have a choice She has a choice You don't have a choice That's not friendship, brother, people call it friendship, it's silence, it's cordial relationships, everyone in the world is like this  At the same time, there should be very few people who will do extreme things to you and will make you feel bad that friend, don't do this, he is a true friend, a true friend.  So one, two, three means this number of fingers, how many fingers are there on this hand, it is only four, if you remove this finger, it is less than the fingers of one hand, meaning, he is the one to whom you will call at 11:00 in the night. He will ask why he has to come to give, what happened when he came, he will not ask anything, how many people are there in your life, he will try like this before I see people not getting addicted.  Efforts Toward Maintaining Relationships with Their Own Parents Wife Husband Spouse Siblings Siblings Are There for the Means for Life Time Journey Your Whoever if you're listening to me if they become a little bit more of a brother to one of their closest husbands to boys to boys Hain Friend Kabhi Bhai Nahi Hota Never Ever Call Your Friend Bhai It's a great injustice to the word Bhai Bhai, this is a very big thing, our movies have also done this This friendship, we will not break it, was glorified a lot, in which two heroes used to love a girl, before that, there were many different movies like this, before that, I made sacrifices for it, all this was nonsense, it was a joke.  Nothing happens in life, there are a lot of comparisons in life, there is jealousy and there are big issues, no, my childhood friend, my childhood friend, everyone's stories, let the relationship between brothers be maintained.  It is a big thing if you have to depend too much on your friends and you will not listen to me and troll me and say bad things to me then you have to see that your personal relationship is not true if you have to depend on friends.  Wise in a normal healthy environment Your own parents Your own brother Sisters Your own children Your own spouse There is no greater friend than the one you marry If there is no other than these, then your energy should not be wasted because to maintain any relationship, energy is needed, food, drink, travel, expenses, water, all these have to be done but the ultimate gain should be that you are becoming a better person in it.  The friendship that I see these days is not becoming a better person, it is as much food as it is as ignorant as you are, in which you can mentorship gurus and teach them to them and where this Entertainment is time pass and this is the shade of future, for this you should have your own close relationships, if not extremely close ones, then it is okay if you do it with your cousin also, because the cousin is also a shade past yours and is in the blood line and his athlete is your father.  And both his father and mother are brothers or both your mother and his mother are sisters, they are called cousins, then you can be friends even to the extent that yes we will because we are.  Doing something other wise is nothing, then that is partnerships. Partners consider business partners as friends. This is a very loose term to get your work done. You are my friend, neither are you my brother nor are you, nor will you be someone else for things.  Wise, why do you need to enter into it so much, then why do you need to enter into it so much, then he is a friend, so he will enter, everything is getting boring for the youth because what is happening to the youth these days, they are not getting support from their parents, nor are their parents understanding things.  That friend is understanding because what is being understood is he, you, he is also in the same situation, his parents also do not understand, so two unhappy people are able to interact with each other on some common understanding of things like your colleague is  Now your colleague who works in the same job will understand your pain better. Vanaspati's college friend who has joined a different department or job because he will not understand with that term, now you. You haven't even joined the merchant navy. Do you know what happens there? You are not in a PSU bank. In a small town, do you know what pain is going on there? Somewhere friend, someone has gone to some place. If someone in the department has gone to some place, then this is the change.  It keeps happening but this word should not be friendship that this is a misused word yes there are friends yet I will say they are friends but I will make its definition in a separate video sometime.  Sustainability is there in very, very different ways. Then who is that? Who are you and what is that? It is not what is like, that is the spiritual connection, that is the connection. I have been saying throughout my life that it cannot be more than this, these four fingers only.  Isn't it, it will be less than this, it will not be less than this, these people don't think that he likes it, by making him sit with us, by making him sit with his father, by making him sit with his mother, whenever he sees, he is busy with his friends, hey, you don't let him stay, his friend. gives comfort  Whether they take drugs, whether they do wrong things, whether they do useless things, or have useless dreams, or whatever they do, but whatever it is, your child, the boy, the girl, or the boy is enjoying it because he or she is enjoying it.  It is fun, he is going there, nothing is happening to him, but nothing is happening to him, now I am telling the parents, give this send as a youth, you also send this video to your parents, it is not  That I am becoming a strict moral science teacher by having only one sided knowledge, I am not becoming it, I am not becoming it for the children, you understand that it is coming the other way, there is no better friend than a father who becomes a friend because if he  He is a friend and he is not judgmental and he is not judgmental because he is working hard to put you in a good position and if he understands what you say and is not judgmental then very few people would.  Such are the fathers we meet. Mothers' role is only after one stage they ate bread and washed clothes. This is what happens to mothers. They are failing in their roles. I can tell you as a mentor as a guru. Their only job is to worry and nag.  To do, doesn't study, doesn't get up, doesn't do, no, nothing will happen to you, no, it won't happen, I have made your bread, I have finished your food, or you should shoe your father like a dog, a tommy on the child means father, the tommy shoe means me.  If you are not able to handle the shoe then that, that Tommy, that too, understand them, the parents feel after a stage in parenting that brother, we have to do shoe only, this was my biggest problem, I hope you people will agree with this, those who disagree, do it.  I am not saying to end the friendship. The word friendship is being used very loosely. I am doing that because when you make a friendship then you also become a brother. You are like my brother, no brother.  The way someone says to someone, you are like my father, you should not say, all this is like a mother, no one is like a mother, no one is like a father, no one is like a brother, just what one is, is whose is gone, gone, don't tell anyone.  It is wrong to have a sin in that relationship. Never ever in your life. Sir, either you or someone else, you are my father, no one is equal to anyone else's father, father is always a father, it is okay, father is always a father and no one is equal to anyone else.  cannot be like a father, if he is like a father by force then  Then take his property, then take the demat too, break the FD too. Who is like a father? No, I am speaking like a father to whom. I am speaking out of respect. Why do we talk so superficially? We have learned this vocabulary from our films.  That in this situation we have to say like this: You are like my brother, no, you are not like my brother, if there is a brother, then he is a brother, but he is a brother and brother is a very big relationship and friendship does not even come close to that.  Unfortunately, that relationship broke down or you could not handle it or your parents did not teach you properly or your values ​​were bad or your intentions were bad or there is something wrong with you then you take the help of a friend but what is the biggest thing in a friend?  Your friend is your friend as long as he believes, so this relationship is very weak. First of all, because I don't believe in believing, then he is not your friend. You say, you are my friend, I do n't believe, end of the matter. Can you say this for yours?  Father and mother and brother and wife and child, I don't believe in you, you are my son, don't believe, what happens if you believe, then you will come and become one again, this does not happen in friendship, if there is a conflict in friendship, if something happens over some useless thing then there  There is no scope because there is no shade past; there is no shade future; it is just the present; I am just enjoying the present; it is going well and the shade is near.  It was from some college, it was because of some other time, now the story has changed, the path has changed, everything has happened, only now why do people keep these normal friendships mostly because people in their life want thermometers like measuring fever.  If there are any things then a reference is needed that where is my life going, my friends are going here, if I am here then I am behind or if my friends stay here then I go ahead then I am happy. My friend's wife is very happy.  She got the sexy beautiful one and I am not able to get it or did n't get it. Alas, I am behind this constant. This one has been robbed. My one never even smiles. This is her life. This is the photo of her poor girl. After her photo, you will come to know sometime. That brother, someone got divorced, well, this is the mind of human minds, will any man ever be happy if someone gets divorced like this, but this is the friendship that is going on, we need constant comparison, who is looking like, who is earning how, who is like. Whose life is living, how is the personal life, that's why we want to know how much, where did you make the property, how much is there in your D-mat, how many are your numbers, it's the initial of friendship starts with numbers, how many came then where did you feel, then what is happening.  Phir Ladki Teri Bandi Tera Banda This Thing Can Be Just If You Have To Reach Somewhere In Life Ya Chhod Do Just Be Nice Let People Seek You Let You Seek People Who Are Good And All Don't  Put them not the one of friendship because when a friend comes and goes away most of the time he will waste your time. The definition of friendship that normal children and youth think of is that of a time waster that if there is someone to cry with when you are sad, then you consider him as your friend. Yes, this is the real friend who will tell you why you are crying, this crying itself is wrong for you, your very existence is wrong, everything about you is wrong, but this is how I told you, so if you have more friends than this in your life then All of you are sitting there with the material of time pass. Could it be pro, you do this to me, I do this to you, you do this to me, he does this to me, this is not friendship, it is okay, I scratch your bag, you scratch my bag is not.  Friendship: Drink tea, drink alcohol, go to the pub, pass time here, take a girl here, watch a movie, do this here, do this here, it is a need of human interaction, don't call it friendship.  I am saying that it is not a big thing, it is a small thing, it will be missed, new people will keep coming, it will work but as much as you can understand alone and keep your core energies, core emotions and whatever you have, for your siblings, for your wife. For the wife's siblings, for the parents, keep a little bit for the in-laws. This is the advice. It will take a little bit. I know people these days are dependent on their friends for their survival.  So that shows a miser in your family let me be very very blunt your parents have not done the job if you are a youth listening to me life will not work without my friends then your parents have miserly failed because if your parents are  There if your siblings are there and yet your life is not going well without friends, look, someone's parents have gone, it is a different matter, tragedies happen.  I don't have any siblings in my life, I do n't have any brothers, of course I am not that much, I am not that much, but I have a full family and I am going to push you, friend, friend, come, come, I will take you for a ride, I will make you drink, I will feed you, my friend.  Friendship will remain alive, what are you doing, okay, that is the message, I hope you understand by doing a little higher order thinking, please subscribe the channel, like, take membership of the channel.  If you want to take a very iconic decision making workshop of mine, I did it a few days ago, it will be available to the members of the channel, you can listen to it, you can watch it in other ways, if you want to download it from the app and watch it alone, then there is a one time fee for that and also.  You can take How to Learn the Art of Decision Making because in all these also decision making is developed somewhere, so 12 to 13 more five points by using very good mental model.  The framework I have taught in it has become a very good hit, it means I am very happy as a creator, I am getting very good feedback and it is becoming very popular, so if you have not seen it then you should definitely watch it, that is my message. Thank you very much