Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic which will benefit the society a lot on one big region, happiness in society, Indian Society, what a big thing that is, what is that one region, you would like to know by pausing here, write yes so that it sounds like yes, many people were there to know that.  I will discuss the region and tell the solution and that region is the note of today's people, putting family first, I have a formula and in all my videos you can see that family is mother's family is always first.  Don't put the family first, I will go into the whole history, I will go to the whole Quran, till the old Vedas, I will tell you how to survive, why we should do that, you understand and today the topic of pain has become very prevalent, don't put the family first, parents too are included in this.  There are sons and daughters, there are brothers and sisters and you also have your son-in-law and daughter-in-law, it is a great Indian family, it is okay not to put him first, it is okay to put someone else first, people have seen in today's day, if you tell, there is a big discussion on religion in the society.  There is a big discussion in politics, who will win and who will lose, there is a lot of discussion on religion, people support their religion a lot, they support the country, what should be done, it should definitely be done, I am not making this religious or that, I am just telling about the family.  But I am telling you that religion can be changed, yes, it can be changed, people change religion, one was this, then that became this, they call it conversion, which is okay, maybe the country can also be changed, people can turn you off course.  Do you know how many?  Do you know how many Indian citizens can change their Canadian passport after becoming an American citizen? You can change your country, you can change your religion, you can change your family, will people write 'little people', you can change your wife, you cannot change your family, you cannot change your children, if it happens, then she is your woman. You will remain the mother of those children, you will remain the mother of those children, even if you divorce her and she cannot change the fact, then I will not go into that Mian Bibi and I will focus on the family, Indian family which  There was tradition and color, it saved our society, so many people came, we were not there, there were thousands of years of foreign rule, do you know the kind of people, everyone is sitting on it with so much knowledge, but we still went back because the heart used to beat here, family.  The last unit of the smallest unit of the society is the family, the community chain and all of them come next, then as they go further, religion and the country gets divided, after the community, then smaller ones.  By uniting the community, village and brotherhood, finally the family has come, just like the cell is the smallest unit in the body, all this is there, the smallest unit is the cell, similarly, the smallest unit of the society is the family, if the family is not together or leave it like this, then the society will be destroyed.  What will happen to religion? What will happen to the country? Let's go to save the religion. Let's save the country. Take your son's child, pay attention to him because that is where the pain is coming from. Parents, a father of the house, a job in the society.  Is giving importance to something else, is not giving importance to wife and children or is the parent engaged in some program of his own while helping his daughter-in-law in her job, without helping his child? Story  Do something else in my life of politics, whatever these rallies are, whatever these rallies are, I say, friend, where is the family in your life, you can't even be happy, we know that you have done a lot of wrong and  Ram ji gaye [music] did not support the family but in India no one named their child Vibhishan, the name is kept either Kahani or Kahani, there was a younger brother Kumbhkaran Karan, the name is still kept [music] The human being  Not your family's, not anyone's People Code on Vidya Family People Change Religion Change Country's Boundaries Also Change Country's Ideology Also Change Religion Everything Bill Change Covid  People realized what is family, governments will fail, society has failed, the world has failed because people need to know the value of real estate, what is their home, it happens when you lie in the hospital and they press the button and the nurse  She has come or she has not come and sometimes that button is not even pressed and sometimes you also know how to tell again and again, I am feeling lonely, someone should press my waist like this, someone should give me water and if  When even that did not come again and again, we came to know what family is, the importance of family is waning, some cartoon type gurus of social media are gone, cartoon type conscious awakeners are ahead and there are some other types too.  You are living and that is suiting you, basically, continue to take responsibility, etc., the shop that is open, it's running away from responsibility, leave it for the sake of responsibility, leave the parents' house, the house is not left, you can buy the house.  You do n't have a job, you can't cook, your clothes are not washed, you are the one who, according to me, has to wake up such people by giving them big talks through family or someone. Vivekananda ji is very Gautam Buddha, isn't he? And leave it.  Then sir, if you want to follow me then show me completely, nor do you have to follow me half way, I went for breakfast, then I went for lunch, then I went for dinner, I will eat in between. Chetan is awake, will I sit with someone or is someone engaged in the rally?  any  What will a leader get for doing that? Politics will be such that you become a leader, you become an actor, you become a leader, you become nothing, nothing remains with you, Mins Dhore is the English Haryanvi word brother-in-law, there is nothing with you, nothing remains with you.  There is a lot of democratization, due to technology, no one is giving more jobs to anyone, no one is doing postings, no one is giving tenders, things are getting tight.  Politicians too have no stock in wasting time on religion and politics. Religion is a private thought, whoever you want to follow, follow your own privately, do as much as you want. You are creating noise. There has to be some YouTube channel that my one is good, your one is good, this is it.  Look at him, don't look at him, look at my one, whoever thinks whatever he wants, do it and this is politics too, vote for him, do this, the country is in danger, the country is in danger, the country is in danger, the country is in danger in 2023.  The country is in danger when our economy is so good, it is time that foreigners have come, our armed forces are powerful, it is time that they are so high in the affairs of the world, it is right then that the country is in danger, it means the country is in danger long ago.  Bhi tha yaar, what was the country in 1857, what was the mango cafe family, mango country, India's boundary will change 10,000 times in 10000 years, already family Hajj, you are  Treated first: Many elderly people leave their family, leave their children and are more engaged with their siblings, then family men, your lineage first, then next, then next after that, first of all, your own family, then parents, then siblings, then mother-in-law.  -Father-in-law, then village, then community, then that, then that, it has gone like this, it has not gone the other way, in your family, your son is not talking to you, your daughter is not talking, Dhamal is not talking, daughter-in-law is not talking.  You are doing and are engaged in improving the society. No one is doing any good. You are passing your time. You are a person who runs away from responsibility. Every person, the head of every family, should fix his family and in India 35 crores 30 crores 25 crores.  These are families, the country will progress on its own, it will go up in its index, development will happen on its own, sitting at your table, Das, know eight, sit as you please, yes, what to do now, yes, which property will you take, which one will you bring in the lion? What is happening to your salary, which school will he go to, what food will he get, which account will he have, which car to buy, what to do with him, everything is being discussed, everyone is working together to do something of his own and when his  In this way you will reduce only then there will be a family like life in the country, community and society will automatically be there for one's family, one's own family, whenever you are watching the story on video, it has become a scandal, it has become a street scandal, this has happened. What benefit is your family getting? Just saw. Now breaking news is coming. I have not even watched TV. It is a very good thing that people related to you are watching what is happening in America. What is happening in Ukraine, what is happening in Putin, what are your boys and girls doing in the next room, we do not know what their thoughts are going on, you do not know what they are seeing, you do not know what else is going on in their life.  You don't know but everyone else knows Which candidates does BJP have to field, where does Congress have to do, what is happening with the Aam Aadmi Party, what is happening with whom, all the news is there, all the opinion is there, there is the feed on Twitter, everywhere, that is the complete information for you to do like this. You don't know what's happening next to you. You don't know what's happening next to you because in the family, family is first. Otherwise, do n't write the story about your family. As I say, you should take out stickers which you can stick on your fridge.  Family first, in family first, when mom opens the fridge, she will also see it, the child will open it, he will also see it, he is opening it, he can also see it, family first family means for each other, father is facing some problem, father, work very hard, father  Make coffee, a child who is engaged i.e. teach me 17-16-18 20 years father mother story, child is engaged family first father has come to office father coffee  Papa, I am the only one who will open his heart in such a way that if I have any question, he is only concerned about the family because what is happening, if he is not giving his feelings to anyone then everyone has become engrossed in himself, is n't he the one who is the head of the house?  The man who is useful for the money is not getting the feeling, so he goes somewhere else for the feeling, the man is not giving the feeling to the woman, the woman is busy in her story friend circle, on her WhatsApp group, on the phone.  Kitty is busy partying  The parents are not paying attention to the children, the children have made some private limited program of their own, everyone has made their own and everyone is giving opinion on this on Twitter, the country's religion or brother and then it should be in the frame in the photo and then  They say, we are not happy brother, we cannot be happy because friend is your friend till now as long as he believes that he is your friend, yes, the day is short, from tomorrow the friendship is over, it is not like this with father, father, you will not be my father, this cannot happen.  father  You have beaten me with sticks, you have to scold me, father, father, and will always be a father. Son, if he misbehaves there, say something, give me your hair, where will the son go, what will you do to him, he is misbehaving, he is in pain, he is frustrated, why is this given by you, no, he is his company.  The company is wrong and entered into the wrong question that why is the mother not asking him to sit near you, why don't you have such an attraction that your son wants to leave you, leave the daughter, family first, family first from your family, whom  If yes, then brother, sister, mother, all those who are going out of you, doing this, crying, date, this is no code, nothing, everything has gone out from the middle of social media, this is this, this is this, I am not doing this, don't do this, but take care of this.  Keep this purpose as one, I hope it has not become too heavy to understand, sometimes what happens in many videos is that a little bit of entertainment gets reduced, the tension gets increased, it is also a flower in making me, but sometimes there are serious things.  I have to make a little So those who watched this video, your children are not with you and talking to you by the wife is doing something husband you have to do something interesting you weather movie dekhne jo children ki life jo movie hai children ko dikhao bada woh lagta hai cartoon jo  Feed them with them, make them drink, spend their money, they give their thanks with friends, wife spends ₹ 1000 in her kitty party, husband like this 10000  I am sitting, what should I do, no one even asks, I have gone to the ATM, the bank, they put the card in my mouth, they take it out, I am also taking a Harley Davidson, I am also taking a bike, a jacket, sitting and riding a bike, I have billed, let me live, I am not  It all depends on one's own, I have seen and it is on the body, what is your age, no youngster comes out at 24 years, others come out at 45 years, 50, those who have nothing at home, they take everything, then there is no one for mine or mine.  Many people will ask or what do they do by adopting a dog? Baby, I will tell you, I am an astrologer, what is Ketu, what is the reason, who should be kept, who should not be kept and why is one kept and what is the psychology and is there a lot of fun in it? If you have a dog and you  Come back home, he will definitely come, he will be happy to write to you and sycophant literally, if no one else comes, then this affair will not be much of a matter, it is a matter of great pain, many people get touched, see when you have some glow.  Under the touch done video, I am also laughing and the bulb should also remain, I really don't know you, I am not making this video to make you upset but people get upset, I know you to raise awareness, wake up customers, wake up types.  This is what is happening, this pain is controlled, I have to understand this pain, I am bringing that pain in the society, no one is talking about that pain, crying is going on from one side, no one is taking responsibility because they  be on top of the fridge I am of you bill pat family first please if you bill pat please type in comment area I bill no that you watched the video till here and you can make f co stick of on your fridge nowadays no there are lot of sites where say whatever Say your name, say this, it gets made these days, Google it, everything gets made in Amazon, a big sticker, family first, take five six bawas, put one in the fridge, put one for your story, put one on ours, put it on us.  Family first to everything should be on de sync Family first is ok de moment you do mans ho de quality of life of everybody increase happiness question increase because mera claim tu fame yahi ki bhi tu har aadmi hota hai tu karta hai kya tera game  What is it, I just want a person who is connected to me as his time goes on and subscribes to me for like 6 months. The things I tell are practical and okay, please like.  subscribe thank you