Hello friends, what parents are doing wrong to their adult kids is a very important topic for the society. This is a phenomenon which is playing out in middle class India. As a social observer and social scientist, I am observing this thing a lot. Family conflicts. I do the resolution through consultation and I am seeing this pattern, you are seeing it, you tell me, if you are a youngster, you can do this.  If you are suffering then tell me and keep your hand on your heart. If you are a senior citizen, you are not doing this to your children. We will try to understand what is this phenomenon. This is a passive aggressive behavior which is being done towards the youngsters. That is, those who are between the age of 22, 23, 24, 25 and 40 years and their parents are between the age of 55 years and 75 years. People are doing this, we say this in English, but I don't understand. If I try to explain it in Hindi, then it is called making a face, puffing out your mouth, being angry, being angry, being angry because of your own ill health or issues in your life or Time is not passing, hanging on children. I say this, I want to address this generation which was born today in 1950 and 1960 and the rest who will come later.  Those who are probably born on the side of this phenomenon and are suffering, they will also watch the video and spread it and it should become a topic of discussion in the family group. Don't be shy, say it openly, let's discuss it on the issue.  It is not necessary for us to have political debates and discussions on religion at 89 o'clock. This is happening in our family. I am bringing the issues which are touching you real. I am actual.  It is okay to become a politician, but now is not the time, or will the country become so wise in 10 years that all these things will be discussed openly, but let's start from now, for my subscribers, the issues of father and mother's married life, children.  They are coming on salary and they are not even being shown the married life. You talk to your father, you talk to your mother. Parents talk directly to each other and they talk through the children.  They behave in such a way as if they want to get the votes of the children. They have got their influence mixed in the lives of the children. They are not understanding their relationship with them. If the husband is the wife, then the wife is not able to manage her job. How can I get it done? Even if you are not coming, it will not come from us, okay?  If you can't raise children, then leave us with us, leave us with grandparents, leave us with maternal grandparents, who are such parents? These days, the hearts of today 's parents also beat the same, don't they?  If she leaves her child and comes to another city, then that woman, being a woman, will leave her job if she needs help, and secondly, feeling victimized has become too much for the parents and this one is such a cruel parent. Who is probably not creating anything in his life or is a cunning senior citizen whose children are settled in Australia and America, are doing well, are earning money and he roams around a lot and has created havoc.  What is left is for your relatives to check by putting some of these messages in their diary. Those who are watching my video, there must be a cunning relative in your relatives. Please check yourself. It can be anyone, he, he, he, uncle, uncle, uncle.  Uncle, these are the relationships, all of them are fine or your father's mother's friend or friend or one of their friends who keeps giving them feedback again and again, what is the need for you to do it, the children will do it like this.  That is another biggest example of Raymond Wale, till date no one has told his truth, that of Singhania Sahab, now he does not come out with these things publicly, his son cheated on him and that son is a woman, he did this and told that.  I am not even defending my son. Disclaimer, I am a shareholder, so I am not talking about increasing or decreasing the shares, but I want to tell in a different way that he has another son and also a son whose  He had decided to do something in 1999 and his children had filed a case against his grandfather for giving him the money, then for some reason the grandfather gave it to his second son, you understand what I am saying, the politics of the two children, he did not tell that thing so that he would not be displeased. What is this day in India? If I have white hair like you, even though I am not of my age, I have knowledge, but its default setting is that I get respect by suppressing that I don't know what is my age, I am old, this is if.  this is how i dye my hair black  I wish it would be 10 times more than me. Trolls are still there but less because white hair is respected in India. Even after telling this, I am telling you that white hair should not be respected only for white hair. The person may also be white or cunning.  What I am trying to say is that your youngsters can also be cunning, it can be anyone, just a man, wherever an old man is seen helpless, he goes into the default setting without knowing that he has done so.  Totally guggle the story that I am telling you, this story will not be out brother, why would any man give his all to anyone, think something, tell me, I have given it, it must be a mistake, no mistake, it must be accepted, okay, everyone heard one side story each.  But brother, why did you give it, someone else was asking for it, there was a court case going on, there was something and if you gave something out of Rs. 00 to someone for Rs. 100, with some cleverness, then the next person increased it 10 times, now you want to say that if  They  If it is a thing worth Rs. 000 then it is all yours if it is not his then the question is that here we will not become moral science teachers, within these relationships we do not have to become moral science teachers, I am telling this under the example, there is no point in criticizing anyone.  Or defending someone that he is doing very good, we all can be a little bit villainous, I am sharing so much knowledge, I can also be a villain, if I have my own relatives in my life, I can do something.  There is some devil in all of us, there is a devil and there is also a god, there is mix and match, sometimes the devil is more in some, in some that element is more in some, we accept it, don't we, we have to accept that the parents are  If the children are white, then keeping them black is wrong, rather than making them black and white. The parents have never audited us. We have done so much in every generation. The previous generation feels that they have done a lot. Oh brother, the previous ones are like they say.  In the World War one, do you know what war is, how people die, in the previous one they used to bring water, there was no toilet anywhere or there was no education or we used to go by swimming. You heard all those stories like they make politicians nowadays.  Isn't it, I was very poor, all those born in India in 1950 were poor because India itself was poor, tell me who was rich, count 100 people in India, except this Tata Birla and these 100 people.  Okay, Bajaj, leave aside the 100 people who were rich at that time, all those born in 1945-50 were poor, so why are you praising such poverty? Even 25 years ago, all were poor in whose houses.  It was like this, nowadays this Minister Sahiba has become ours, it was like this, it was like this, we used to travel on scooters, the whole of India used to travel on scooters, did we travel on scooters, did we travel on bicycles, did we walk on foot, what stories are you telling to the people these days?  Will he be impressed by that? Don't they know? Their parents don't know what it is. They used to watch black and white TV. Color TV used to come on. They used to go to a neighbor's house to watch Ramayana. They used to go to someone else's to watch Mahabharata. What is so great? Not us, neither in our house.  There was no TV either, we used to go to someone else's, the whole of India used to go, if you look at the people of that time, then 90 out of 100 people would watch TV in someone's house and people would show it very lovingly, they would like to come and see us.  lot  Sir, there used to be better times, people used to go and watch. We have seen ours. Now it will be like that, I should not tell too much about my personal example. It used to be fun. We used to think that we don't know what it is. There used to be a big gathering. It was good that people used to watch. So coming again to the parents, the feeling that parents have that they should do more physical work is a truth that nowadays people feel that they are not doing physical work. This is a fact. They are feeling that they are not getting up early in the morning. They don't know that they sit in tension even at night, they don't sleep at night, Saturday and Sunday, they see that he is the one who wakes up easily or is it a woman, she is a sister, she is getting up after sleeping late, so brother, she is his. Monday to Friday Saturday, see what poor people are doing. The previous generation does not know how much mental tension sucks the body. Every previous generation has done more physical work. If you  If you go backward then you will know how people used to eat food before agriculture was invented, what they did before the wheel was invented and if you go back then what were there before fire was invented, then fire came, then agriculture then came wheel, so it is easy.  It has been happening, is n't it, that every successful being has physical comfort? It is the lazy people who make some progress in life. Those who work hard, if they were still working hard then we would not even be there.  By now, you would have been picking up the stuff yourself, you would have been busy, okay, so some lazy person has come up with all this technology, man, he is not in the mood to change, earlier only two channels were coming, so he got up and changed.  We used to watch Doordarshan and then that DD Metro or something came, okay, it used to take effort, no, you go and change it, then a remote came, okay, then started doing things like this with it, it has come with 200 channels, now it has unlimited thousand.  Address  No, it is okay, so what am I trying to do with the next generation, looking at the previous generation, that brother, this is not the stability of the job, you did a job for 60 years, you were not beaten, you knew that the increment will be given like this and the job will work like this, you know.  It was said that the school fees were not as high as they have become these days and if the children had studied then the children of the previous generation who are being harassed today, who are above 35 years of age,  If you have done well in your studies in childhood, then you can get into something or the other, but this should not happen to your children who are listening to me today in their 40s, now or in the late 30s and 40s, whose children are now in the age group of 10 to 18 years.  If your children are in the middle, even if they have studied a lot and have done very well, there is no guarantee that anything will happen because many of their children are studying because technology has leveled the playing field. What was it earlier if the father was from a middle class family?  Of  Books are available, brilliant tutorials are available, Akash Akash FIITJEE etc. were open at that time, many years ago, you got admission in it, so you had an inherent advantage of your child getting success over other children. Today, that Khan  Who is a research center? They are giving IAS coaching for Rs. 7500. Now their strike rate can be as low as they want, but if they are teaching 20 lakh, 30 lakh, 50 lakh children. Brother, those people will also come, now you cannot say today that I have the money to pay the fees of Divya Kriti ji or someone else has the money to pay, if it is Rs 1.5 lakh or more then only I have no chances of success. Today money can.  Not Guarantee You Success Early Relative Money Could Guarantee You Success These Times Are Still Easy For You Today Times Are Not Easy In Any Way Your Job Is Not Lasting Your Relationship Is Not Lasting These Parents Who Throw Tantrums They don't know that the couple you are doing, the one with Rohit and Neha, whether Rohit is your son or Neha is your daughter, what is the inheritance, they do n't know that Rohit will be a newly married couple, this is guaranteed to them and you.  Apart from throwing tantrums, they are also saying that we are not respected, they do not respect each other, their shoes are worn out every day, their life is not going well, they are not getting food, their sex life is bad, their marital life is bad.  It is bad that the children are not growing from them, they are having pain in the stomach, they are having gynecological issues, they are having sexual dysfunction but it has nothing to do with you. You have looted all the good qualities from the previous generation of 1950 and 1960. I am telling you this openly.  Shame on you, this generation is not doing as much sex as these people, I would say sex on the rocks. This generation is seeing more sex. Physically, you are seeing a lot of sex. Open your mobile phone.  You all take it, sex is visible everywhere but it is not happening, this is what Guruji is telling you from Gurugram, write it down somewhere youngsters and tell your parents that you have cut too many sheets, please spare us you stay too much.  Yes, you used to live, so how can you live, now you lived at that time and you, you too are not living, we too are not living because everyone is trapped in politics, not so much, that term.  It used to happen that even when there was an emergency in the country, people went out. Ask, at that time, while the emergency was going on, this happened to the public. Oh my, the public still went out. Even during the British era, people did not feel as much oppression as they do today. Atrocities happen because of wherever they are happening in front of you on your mobile. Earlier, atrocities were happening a lot but were not visible and were not even known. If it is happening anywhere then today it is the inputs of an average man which cannot be stopped.  As for entertainment  10000 options, 20000 options of conflict, 20000 options of job pressure, 25000 things, first of all you have to sell the thing yourself, whoever does the job today, you are selling something, you and 10 crore people are selling something to you, so this is what is sold and sold, every time it bursts, it is You will take brother, you will come, call me, hello call, how many do not disturb, you will take insurance, these are the people, those are the people, brother, it is only for your call.  I was waiting for madam's call to come, then I will take the insurance, okay you take this, take this, cold calling, we have given everyone's numbers from here to there, so life will be very normal, there is no pause, what should the parents do in this?  We have to give coolness to our children, we have to do like this, we have to become cool trees like this, these are the parents, I know it is right and I also give training to the parents who want to become like this, if you want to become then  Tell me, if you want to change your parents, then through the Consult Webinar Workshop, let me speak knowledge, give them Guruji's knowledge because the previous generation is distributing the same knowledge to their children born in 1950 and 1960, even at the age of 5.  I am never seen applying in my life, nor do I see him applying for his 5. But brother, something is cool, now look, I am claiming, I am testing you, today is my test, you have to fail, you have to fail.  Pass me, look at my face, look at my eyes, look at my everything, if I am coming here and imparting knowledge, then is something bright visible, is something laughing, is it the laughter on the face or the laughter of the stomach or is it from somewhere deeper than that?  There is a smile somewhere, a little bit of peace is visible. I do not claim that there is Jhinga Lala in my life and there is 100% greatness, but some peace is visible. If it is visible, then I have a little moral right to save your knowledge. If you see it,  There is a little confidence, a little pause, a little practical, a little coolness in my talk, now the heat is coming, look so fast in my talk, pause, calmness, coolness, peace, fun, enjoyment. If you are seeing some elements of relaxation, then you should listen to me and this is the test to be done. Put this test in the conversations of elders and tell me friend, you mean passive aggressive in everything, you did not say hello like this, you did not say good morning.  I did this or this in the morning, I didn't say Namaste, why didn't I say good morning, brother, I did n't feel like saying good morning, I couldn't sleep at night, I have a stomach ache, I am in a lot of pain, why is there so much pressure, this is how the English people say to say good morning to everyone. Good morning because their morning is not good. India is such a blessed country. Our every morning is good because we see good sun. We have good weather. Our weather is so gloomy. They have good morning.  Good morning, good morning, we have to do good, everything is good for us, good morning, good afternoon, good evening, everything is done, our country is very good, we do not need to do any hard work to do good, everything of ours is good, we have our own good dung.  They are doing just fine and that is the previous generation in it because there is no work, no, what is the work? Your children have grown up, studied, everything is done for them, now you have nothing to do except imparting knowledge to them, why doesn't anyone help them a little?  C Why don't you have a little discussion with them Why should a 1950s and 1960s burn parent is interacting with late 1970s 1980s and 1990s kids Why the conversation should be about the elderly The 1950s 6 Pa Ki mom how is your health how is yours now  The situation is only going to get worse from below. Why can't you talk about what's in your life? What's going on in the job? Do I need money? Should I send a mobile phone? What should I do with the SIM card? How am I enjoying? I had put pickles, it's good for you. Summers are coming now. I have prepared that for you and am sending it to you as aam panna.  I am sending you, she is a woman sitting with all the skill sets, no, we will not do this, these daughters-in-law do not do anything, we too, we too will not do anything, hey, daughters-in-law do not have any talent, so show your talent, what is your problem?  The daughter-in-law is somehow supporting herself, and she is somehow eating and drinking her own food. She is alive, it is a favor to your son, so you show your power, then expect from him how much he knows like a father-in-law.  What I mean is, it is like if you believe that you are a topper student of housewives, which I believe are women, I am speaking with respect and also taking out sugar, I am doing both the things, you are a topper student.  Women of 1950's and 1960's know everything about what the solution becomes, where it comes from, how to add tadka, tell me, please show me, give complete happiness to the next generation, you are someone's mother-in-law, so send your son-in-law. For some son-in-law, some people, daughter-in-law, some people, or queen Damaj ji, and giving this respect has stopped the next generation, the price lady has such a sense of entitlement.  We are sitting in this because it is 1950 and 1960, their parents were not born in independent India, they were born in slave India, of course, any child of 1950 or 60, his father would not be 12 years old, right.  So, they were born before 47, at that time they were poorer by default, had less education by default, so this generation dominated their parents too. This is what they have been doing for the last 50 years, they have been dominating the parents for 50-55 years and the parents folded their hands in front of them because brother, your product was so far ahead, you were illiterate, your child became an officer, your daughter did not know where to get married.  If you read, write, write, you will like it. Distinctly, this generation of 1950 and 1960 was much better than those who were born before independent India.  They had not even got independence and they had control, they were not able to give them much knowledge, they could give them something like I will decide and they did a lot of things, there was no denyer to them that only then the country moves forward, that is why today we have reached the off course. These people have done what, who is denying them, but Chaudhary Hut has come and worked hard, in a family, one man used to leave, whoever is listening to me, see, he may be your father, he may be that uncle of someone. He used to be my uncle, he is doing everyone's weddings, taking the whole family, but is not able to take that much of his family for some reason because it is the socialism type, isn't it the one where everyone became one, so everyone had those struggles.  I am admitting that those were the struggles, but Chaudhary Hut was also completed. When you used to come home, you used to get the feeling of earning money, now your same child is earning five times and 10 times more than you, he has no feeling at all.  When Bhauji used to come, food will be served in front, apply hot bread, slippers, water, apply this, do service like this, and all of you who are listening to me now as Youngster, will remember that father has come, meaning what are you doing father, yes, he is a clerk in the bank.  It does n't matter but respect is complete, today there is no respect. You come into the house, that is, there is no feeling that some king earns 5 lakhs, earns four lakhs, earns three. I am also addressing those who earn more and less.  Well, the poor guy has nothing to do with it, okay, that wife also came and sat here, I have also come to earn money, now you can pay for the rent or fight, okay, and he is a child, he is holding a hand in his hand.  He stood up, he grew up a little, he doesn't know anything, he is busy in his mobile phone, he is also not doing anything, you were still 151 years old, if you who are listening to me now, you are 30, 35, 40. Then  Also, perhaps he used to contribute some vegetables to the house and if not, he would keep a bottle of water in the fridge. Today's children do not even do this. Otherwise, children would not listen to the programs as per their parents' request.  This is the generation that sees that these children do n't even have a chance to do something, leave it to do, don't make us do it in the future, this is the greatness and the programs of the demands of our parents never end.  So, this is the remaining generation in between, whose fate has remained like this. I am here to save you, brothers and sisters, to give you the right perspective. See, you will neither be able to change your parents nor their  You will be able to change your desires by showing them a video, you can do that a little bit and that fight will happen, I will block you, I have subscribed to you many times, Hey Guruji, I had given you your video.  They say to mom, if you send it again, I will block you. I cause so much pain to the elders. Do I want to ask, am I saying wrong things? The next generation doesn't seem to be doing anything, this is the generation, it's okay, 2000 onwards, 96's.  Those who were born later and are the most crushed generation in between, who are thanking the 15 year olds for whatever they say, then I will organize a workshop to give them perspective.  One of my workshops on relationships was a big hit. Well, mostly it was about the wife and the man and the man and the woman. This was not a relationship, but I have to cover this one too because they also give pain. It is not that only men and women.  Women are giving pain to each other and husband and wife are giving pain, those packages are also coming from behind, okay, that's how it is originally, no one gets married, that yes, they will play pain and suffering, that pain comes from behind only, okay, that too.  I have to cover it further but if you want to watch the recording of that workshop and want to buy it, you can find it in the comment section, please buy it, you will get a good perspective. If you want to subscribe to the channel, then please subscribe the channel, the content is very good and the membership is enough. You will get to learn something and share this video. Thank you very much.