Hello friends, Youth on Clarity will discuss about the exclusive membership of this YouTube channel. We have crossed it. You people had said that the fees should be kept close to Rs 500, do not keep more than that, I have kept less than Rs 500. You will know by pressing the join button.  We will discuss this What You Bill Get Membership is called Money and Peace, so if you remain a member then after being a member for four-five-six months, there will be increase in money in your life and  Peace of mind will increase. This is a tangible thing. Someone who has come to learn the alum balm type has done it like this. Both things will definitely increase. Before telling what are the benefits, there are five benefits, I would like to tell the requirements for those who want to take membership. These retirements are mostly done only then to take membership. Now there is no IIT IM exam. Anybody and everybody can take this exam to take membership.  Welcome but my suggestion is that your age should be between 18 to 35 years. If your age is above this then you want to give knowledge about war then you can also take second retirement. My suggestion is that you should be a person living in a big city. Boy, girl or in a big city, you need your honey, if it is not there then after all you will not be able to do so much. The third thing is related to the content. When I say top city i.e. top 30-40 shares of India, whatever are in the top 30.  Coming in, I am talking about 30-40 big lions, the third thing is that you want to give consultation, no matter who is your left side, but you want to make money from consultation because you make you consultants also, the fourth thing is that you want to give your communication.  Want to improve the skill, which bill help in doing. Point number three is the fifth most important. If you fail in this then please do not take membership.  The fifth point to take is that money is not important, if your belief system is that money is not important, then you can cut it like this. If your belief system is that everything is important, everything is important in life, Manish, debt is required, money is required, everything is important in life.  If this is a belief system because what I told earlier is to increase money and peace, then if money is important to you.  If not, then you are going somewhere then it is fine because what is the problem, why is peace added because many people are going for peace in order to earn money, this is also a fact, so both the things are needed for increase of money and also for peace.  Growth, this is yes, the sixth thing is if you want to improve the decision making process, you want a template, again and again you are living on the support of someone, how should this be done, brother, this is okay, that is okay, this is the job.  Okay this girl is okay this investment is okay this is always war confused so if you want a template to improve her decision making process so that you do n't have to take help of anyone's crutch then this membership will help you. Seventh and last thing if  You can be a sponge. Fixatives are not on the side of history. When you can, you can learn knowledge from templates with an open mind and where you laugh and laugh.  Let's fix things there, you are not the kind of person who is reading a book of one hundred pages, you are reading a very good book and on page number 48, something was written which you did not like, it disturbed you and 47  There was a lot of good in the page and there is going to be a lot of good in the coming 49 to 100 pages too but you don't stop reading the book, whatever is on the page you hook it but I also don't follow it or do it with him.  do not coincide and  You enjoy because you enjoy anything at any time, consistently, be it good food in a hotel, be it the shape of the cook, be a singer who sings to the people, hundred percent of it, everything is not always necessary, sometimes you will like a song, sometimes you will find some song bad, sometimes some tea will be bad.  Sometimes a dish will taste bad but if you are fat then you can walk like this then on this channel you know the five benefits which I want you tell minimum one you are workshop you get complimentary attend  You will get to do the work which other people will add by paying fees, it is 77 pieces, but you will get complimentary here in minimum but instead of one, two or three taxes can also be done. The promise is of one but even two or three taxes can be done and that is in these topics only.  But it will remain on these things which I discussed above, the journey of a job, the journey of relationship, communication, consultation and investment, things like money and all these, there will be different topics of jobs.  The topics will be like Doctor's Special Wagner, that workshop was conducted, next is my Lawyer's Plant, Engineer's Plant, every career is defending on, with that you will be able to know the important aspects of your career very well and you can also give this knowledge to others by giving the workshop. Even if you are not pursuing it in your career, it will be an advantage for you as long as you want because this is just being recorded, the membership is just starting, but you can join the membership even after 2 months, 4 months, 6 months, one year.  If you are attending, then you will get the recording of all the workshops that were conducted. You will also get the recording of all the workshops conducted earlier. You will get the opportunity to attend live, but if someone is not attending live for some reason, then he will also get the recording on the special membership page which is on YouTube.  Only the recording will be received automatically, you have to press the join button, to take membership, you will be added to the exclusive WhatsApp third explosive WhatsApp group that short note, do you want any information on this, is there any workshop, something.  If there is any activity then you will get expressway, it will be a very passive WhatsApp group, only admin can send message, nobody can see anybody's number, it is billed as a privately secured WhatsApp group, then it will be very good, fourth thing, what will be some of the best videos that come from them?  You will get early access and you will also get to contribute. You are billed as a full part of the journey in content making. On which topics do you want a video? On which topics do you need clarity, then you are billed.  Have date access and also from the middle of those videos and anyway and fifthly you will find in some exclusive videos some things which cannot be spoken in front of many people because maybe the society is not ready to share those things for the public right now. But the sensitive Bill B. N. Very below platform members Bill B. Lee and cannot forward any video to anyone, it is protected, only the one who has membership can see it, so these benefits will remain, whatever membership you all have.  Please tell me on the given WhatsApp number that you have taken the membership so that you can be added to the WhatsApp group, so let's begin this journey this month of Sawan, the energy is very good and it is the time to learn, it is a very hot special time.  Learn N Thanks and start this journey is also a journey of spirituality, in a way the month is like this and you will get peace, you will get peace, you will earn money or you will get peace by milking date me.  Very from individual you are individual but what is the guarantee what is the name of the channel the name of membership is you will get growth in both money and peace and will get complete clarity then hope you see maximum of d subscribers who like the content understand that you see knife  How is the membership and open this membership, as long as you are getting a lot of benefit, or part of it, benefit will always be there according to me and that is the journey.  So and the price is extremely low, meaning it is lower than your small veg pizza, it is okay, because you people had said that most of the students are students and are gangsters, so do not keep much money, do not keep it more than Rs 500, so I have kept it much below Rs 500.  I have kept it here so that everyone does not face any problem in taking it. Thank you very match.