Hello friends, D Paradox of Success, video will be in a little layer, it is okay, understanding success and understanding sadness will be a little layer, tell me what will be your take aways. Bringing up such an abstract topic, bringing up the HCF tax thinking seems very strong, I hope.  You will enjoy it, all the youth will identify it and you have to see what we can extract from it. Okay, I will give you its example. UPSC is a popular think in. India is fine, 20 lakh children in India are mothered by this Bana every year. Every year, Banna wakes up red. If this is okay, then out of these 20 lakh, 10 lakh children say that we should not be there, which is the application for P exam.  It is not only the exam, but the place is lost in the mother and the place in the mother is lost. Now the 10 people who are there, start the preparation, put in their applications, okay, so these 10 lakhs were there.  Those who did not do the tray at all, now they are not sad in the sense that yes, we had already taken out the delinquent in the tent, they started doing something else in complete peace, now these 10 people started putting in a lot of effort within themselves, seriously, okay?  They insisted too much, okay now that I gave 10 lakhs, when the exam date came and in the morning my mother raised three lakh people, they did not have any preparation, they did not have motivation, their Thane was 400 children.  Those who did not go to give the exam did not go to give 6 lakhs, now those who went to give 6 lakhs, this is the exam for those who did not go to give the exam, there is nothing for them, they will not pass, if they fail, there is nothing, they gave the exam, the result which will come is Rs. 15000 for Mains.  If they clear then those who have filed are more unhappy than those who did not go for the exam because they had to work very hard and did not get cleared but they are better than them as per law.  By doing work, not by desiring the result, but you should be destroyed by doing hard work, but you see what is happening, ideally speaking, I am someone, this doing should be butter, give someone a note, doing this should be true, so now let's move forward with the story that that 585  Those who did not go, such highways did not happen to us and they are seeing that those 4 lakh who did not go have something of their own going on, till now these 585 are still doing something.  Those who gave 15000 prelims, that money is gone, those who got cleared in mains, now they have cleared mains, three worth 3:30 thousand, those who have not cleared 12000, their sense of disappointment, sense of loss and sense of sadness, give more money to those who have cleared 500000 in prelims. Just imagine, if Mains is not cleared then Prelims is cleared and Prelims is cleared. 585000 were not cleared but Science was not cleared in your Mains. You have 12000 students and they are very sad. Now those who got 3000 interviews are selected in that. 869000 are all types of services and 202200 are not selected in these 20.  Now give more loss in this match, give more sorrow in this match, give more disappointment in this match, give more that  12000, those who did not clear mains, they have cleared mains, interview has not been cleared, now let's go to the selection, out of the 900 who have been selected, those who had entered this or IFSC, whatever, why did they not get the IPS which they had entered?  When he reached there, he thought of 20 lakhs, people thought of him, 10 lakhs applied for India, 6 lakhs went to give the exam, ₹585000 were withdrawn in RIMS. Out of only 15000, 12000 were removed. 3000 appeared in the interview. Out of 3000, 212200 were removed. They reached 900 but are still sad because now they have to get it and then prepare again. Whatever you know, they remain in the system but they  There is a lot of sadness factor and yearning factor, whereas if you look at it systematically, as you are progressing as you are clearing levels, it is like a game.  Have to play video games at level one, two, three, four, five, six, at a higher level, there is pain in life, actually there should be a sense of achievement that brother, I took care of my mother, I gave the exam, I passed, I did this, now those who are close to 180  Got this one, got this one, now went to Mussoorie, all of them should be happy, now who among them got a garden, Chhattisgarh Electricity, do you know, some, North East  Or no one has got this state, everything is equal but there is a complete race here too, this quarter system is run even after marriage, you people would know that you are a woman in Haryana, if any of your cards were late.  If you were from Tamil Nadu or someone from North East, then if you marry this woman then you will get this, then that one is also gone, now because life will be married to the right person and she has got the right order, if anything happens.  They also have satisfaction but not everyone's.  Sir, sex ratio also got the note correct, everything is done, when Badal started the job, my district did not get what I wanted, mother, like every status is different, there are some districts which are considered more butter.  It is said that if I become DC there or something like in Haryana, I feel that maybe it is Gurgaon, maybe I am also from Gurgaon or someone in it, maybe it is Noida, then Gautam Buddha Nagar district is fine, it can happen. that you know  There are some areas of jail inside every state and then the tenure of DC is also two and a half years, dead years, 2 years, 3 years, there is such a relief, if you do n't leave soon, then what is the job for 35 years, after that then the department is not right, political lineman is fine.  If you don't get it, then you don't enjoy it, then you are thinking that the sense of disappointment is reaching the level of joy. So what does this mean in life? Do something again, am I demotivating you? I have seen these people of mine sad like this, how do I tell people, I have to say that if your ocean of love is cleared, then you can join a good coaching institute, that is your achievement, if you have played Ranji Trophy.  Suppose it is your achievement, eat the bread of achievement, don't be disappointed that I did not get there, every person, every child who plays cricket, does not play for India, every person who plays for India also plays the game.  It is not necessary for him to play the shortest game, okay, some play five, some play three, some play series, some sit on the bench, do not get bowling, do not get batting, go around in three series, you know but brother. Cherish where you have reached. Its classical example is that in Olympics there is gold, there is silver, there is bronze, the one with gold is happy, it is okay that he got the gold, the one with bronze is also very happy that he got something, he would have come fourth. No one even knows the name of the Chadha on the podium. It is a big disappointment for the silver one. He doesn't feel like he feels that my gold is gone. Make the silver one to be sad because one of the D words is what I do, I am cup telling, I want you to spread actual happiness.  It does not mean that one should be happy, one does not become happy by being happy, one becomes happy with clarity, that is, what is happening, the silver one is butterier than the bronze one and the bronze one is as happy.  People with silver should be more happy than that, because this does not happen in case of silver but in bronze, in real life I told you this as an example, people always think about what I got next, it is not there for them, what could they get because they will say prelims. If you have cleared then what is the use, if you have cleared Mains then you are a very intelligent person, you can give very good coaching to you and they check when you go, they check whether you have cleared.  Did you lose a lot of money, three to five crore rupees, this butter is still teaching you how to gamble, okay those who won, you understand what I am saying today, I am telling you on the basis of example, in this I have solved your competition, I have solved UPSC.  I have ordered thinking, made clarity about what to do in life, done career consultation, everything that becomes good in life, now like I will tell you my example also, it is done like this on YouTube, I have a channel like this one.  But we are getting closer to ₹ 40000, 40 is more than 2 1/4 people, if I see, I don't know, people are sitting standing, that PewDiePie, that B store, I don't know, my curry is served, then I feel sad, I have never reached there.  I will get this much, but I have seen below also, I have seen that mother, if there are 10 crore YouTube channels, then one of my channels will be at the 40th, 50th, thousandth number and you will be at the 50th thousandth number.  After listening, it seems that at 50, ₹ 8 crores brother, 8 crores below, see how many of yours are there, how many views are there on social blood, impact ratings have come that what impact are you making on the society, so I am typing on Tik Tok from here. My view time is not going too much, someone is walking the dog to tease me like this, but if it has 10 lakh views, then I would be happy, it is a relief, if even 20-25000 comes, I would be happy.  If it is like this then I said Malika Arora ji's so 30 seconds, my watch time is 25 times more Malika Arora 25 30 times moon to I am also riching almost from watch time plus me content is the content sense it is giving you youth Give sensible concern to the nonsense content concept of YouTube releases, then the offerings will be distributed accordingly, Science U  Don't know the algorithm, you don't know anything, don't try to tell me, now I have clarity and knowledge, so I am not the only person who doesn't know what all this system of social media is like, how have you managed it? How will people think, what have you made, this much of yours is subscribed brother, it is solid, what is the standard of my subscribers, what is the standard of you people and those who are watching 10 lakhs?  You are watching and why are you watching, where will you reach and what are you watching and why are you watching, whom are you watching, that dog, the dog is singing cute, something else is singing, I don't know I don't want you make it something like someone But brother, that video of criticism was made by Malika Arora Ha ji. She was on her way and someone shot her like this. She gave her pulse, so I am not criticizing her. If someone makes a video of someone while walking, then what is his fault in that, okay?  but who  Who is watching what is happening, what is happening in whose life, we do not have to be sad, we all can go everywhere on this social media and here I want to help people a little, in the comment area you will find the subscribe group Vavinayak For this, there I will teach you this thing better that how you people, whatever you actually achieve in real life or achieve even a little bit, you can further spread the thought which is yours and which you understand. Have and you don't have you be disappointed date you have too rich hair only riching hair is very good n bin good ranji trophy players hoon bin very good coaches and de de aur meaning i bill tel you of an actor called chunky pandey ji chunky pandey  Yes, never top star, ok Pandey, which one is yours, what is his daughter's name, ok, tell me the name, sorry, it's ok, why am I yours, why not become a hero? Why should I go to Bangladesh and do a movie? You Google it. Chunky Pandey ji was a big superstar of Bangladesh. It's okay and we do n't even know which movie he is doing in India. It's okay there and Haj is always second run, second lead, third lead and side actor.  And small still character artist and who dat nothing has bin like you be afraid with whatever little beat you achieve in this you can do achieve a lot and I teach this very very mean  I want to learn in an interesting way, I am fine, so please tell me about the topics to learn, yes friend, we can achieve a lot even by doing a little, we don't have to do a lot, do n't be discouraged by what we have done, leave it at least.  At least hold on to his expectations, it's ok to hold on to that much, even with that you can do very well, thank you.