Hello friends, what you talk and discuss bill, finally define your status in life, I am more in this, middle class, do not do that, my topic is stolen a lot these days, I can see the meaning, you all must be noticing in this, I am showing you the best ways.  I am going to tell you that there is a lower class, there is a middle class and there is a rich class. Okay, so how do we talk a lot and you tell me what is good and what is bad in this, brother, no problem.  You should do it, but I am not discussing it, I am telling you, take the method of button and you will see the class people also on the story, the maids who are going will be talking among themselves, how much do you do for how many houses, how much money do you take.  Well, how does it work? Hey, put mine on too, hey, put that on too. There will be a cloth cleaner, a car cleaner, someone else will write in it, someone will talk in their own language, and you are seeing, friend, how much is he charging for mine.  I also think, let's get this done, give us bill talk money.  D lower class bill talk money when you know rich class rich class whenever you meet each other give bill network give bill talk less give bill talk money business and if they talk anything else if and if they talk something on politics give bill talk ho  IT IMPACT THEIR BUSINESS AND WHAT THEY SHOULD DO  Middle class witch is you, this is me, audience is middle classes, cordiality is yours, I am telling you, and if it seems big then it felt big to write but it was fun because maybe what you are talking about is very important, if ladies talk then school will talk.  Did and studied. Those who are older will talk about politics, should you go to a park, the discussion being held in Dhaba is mostly middle class public parks, where like you will see from Hooda's park in Gurgaon, this kind of park is there in every city.  The small neighborhood where people come together and discuss a lot, discuss religion, save religion, save the country, talk about soldiers, talk about Putin, talk about Modi ji, talk about Rahul ji, do good by making it bigger and one After the meeting, I have seen the satisfaction on their faces, you see how much hard work I put in to bring contacts, you people think that I am just sitting here, hello friends, he can make anything by doing, it is not like this, you still have to work hard. I don't go there to take drone shots, I don't do video recording, but you tell me what I am telling you, you are identifying, not doing it. When he picks up from there after the meeting, there is such a sad look on his face.  There is satisfaction, even the cabinet of our country will not have that much decision, the decision is late, the cabinet of the country means do you know, Prime Minister and Minister, they also meet, everything is fine and some or the other decisions are taken and on those crops, it means the country is at risk.  If so, then they must be getting a satisfaction that we are doing so much good for the country. These people get more satisfaction than that that they don't know what child we have taken and what they have done, brother, if you say these things then where are you going to reach.  The story doesn't reach and then the middle class gets hit as much as the middle class is hit by the lower class and the rich class because what is the narrative of the middle class that whether the government helps the lower class or helps the rich, then brother you have the middle class.  Class has only two choices because middle class is on M. Middle class is on M. Misery m4 Miserable because this is what it is and money on M is okay so you don't need money. Many such videos of mine will keep coming. I will make one video.  I was trying to put it in but I was thinking that it will be completed and that then those people do not understand it as I understand it, people do not understand it but they do D and then it gets diluted so I am small  I will make such a video by doing this. If you are able to understand what I, the poet, am saying then listen to it. You will talk about whatever you want, it will have the same effect on your life the whole day. If you are talking like this then the country is in danger.  Religion is in danger, we are in danger, middle class is in danger, loot is in danger  The husband is gone, take this and class A is gone, the rich must have had fun, so you have only two choices, middle class, look and listen carefully, there are three, this is the lower class mother, take this middle class mother and this is the rich class, so you are this middle class. If you are middle class then it is ok, if you are mediocre then it is fun, if it is fun, then you are having fun. If you are not having fun, then throw you out of here, either become lower class or become rich class, these are the only two choices now.  You will not want to fill the lower class because your conscious conscience is so much awakened that you should also take it in actual and the class time is not that much, that is, it is a different thing while sitting under the tree and I have already told you about the different reasons of teasing.  I will also tell you further that the reason for teasing is to tease, so I don't even agree but I say that if you get irritated then do something to make an impact, then it should be right. What time do people of lower class wake up from sleep, what should I do or not?  You know, when I don't know what to do but he knows what to do, then why are you crying in his name? He wakes up at 4:30 in the morning, sometimes to deliver newspapers, and sometimes to put clothes on the car, and after that, he Jamaab gives him parcels from God and their Amazon, then he becomes the buyer of Zomato, then he does something else of his own, he learns it and he is ready to do whatever less he gets and does not talk unnecessarily like you, lower class.  I have seen these class people on motorcycles, I do n't like speaking class, poor, speak more, you will have to give an example somehow, you will have to tell who is the Zomato boy with C key on the motorcycle. When I found a washerman standing there, both of them were class brothers.  Okay, so now they do n't come and talk, they don't discuss religion and politics, what are they discussing? Friend, tell me one thing, no, the small elephant has been bought, how much did you buy it because he is a washerman.  What did the washerman do? To expand, he went to people's houses and picked up so many heavy clothes. He kept a small elephant, which is called Tata Ace. It is worth three-four lakhs. He also bought this.  The guy is saying to the ID that friend, I should do the social delivery like this to do something else because I carry so much in the motorcycle, I should do three-four like this, my packets will come more. My mind is going on there and what do you say friendly?  Neighborhood Spider-Man does it like this, the content does not come like this, do the clipping, like it, brother, what is happening among them, who is talking about what, who is talking about what, you are astrologer, I am astrologer, to tell the future, to make predictions, to see the horoscope, less  Isn't it 1 month, what do you do less and what do you talk about, what do you do? I will definitely tell you the future by looking at the horoscope and you all can become students. Can anyone tell you how this chart is divided? How is the horoscope like Rahu and Ketu, which zodiac sign is the ascendant, where is the Moon, some people's uterus, some people definitely don't have it, 1 month, come and write, with whom you meet, with whom do you talk, when do you wake up in the morning, what do you do, do this and yours  The future can be told. The future of the middle class can be told. The lower class can be told. You will have to look at the horoscope for that. You will have to look at the horoscope for the rich too. To tell the future of the middle class, I am middle class. Why so much? Friend, he is spending my consultation fee, it is mine, why is he spending 5 minutes? Just tell me, what time does he wake up, what time does he sit, what does he talk to, who does he talk to and what does he do and what have you seen on social media, take this for your future son. 5  Tell me in a minute and you too can become such an astrologer, I also make all the consultants, I make those who are my subscribers and members, you all know what you are doing, my friend, 24 hours a day.  Ladies are talking among themselves, they will talk about expenses. Wherever you meet middle class women, they will not talk about expenses. Where did you buy from? Where did you buy from? It is going very well. Where did you buy from? They will not talk about earning money, never will. I am not saying that don't talk at home friend, just talk about expenses, where did you go for a trip, took a photo, then expenses, hey, sometime talk about earning also, you have brought this Maheshwari from there, okay, you got it from Indore, good there.  it's just like this  Here, so many people of Rohtak do not know that the suits of Kutch are so cheap, there is a shop vacant there and now I will not do that to the poor shopkeeper, I am not kicking his stomach but that time is from you. Open some specialist shop on the story, take the society of the story, the ladies there are of high height, sister wears a big and neat suit, because the sister wears the same kind of suit as in Rohtak, when it looks good with the Bandhej suit.  If you ever see Rich talking, wherever you will get stuck, give bill, take consultation, give bill, no or do you know, can you help me in this, come, I have gone, number, you want this, okay, I am forwarding, hi, hello, I have gone this.  The problem is not like this, we have to talk among ourselves, this picture is bad, this religion is bad, this is good, this is big, not even the poor, sorry, the poor are still coming up, stay in the middle, those in the middle, no matter what they say.  Is it the washerman's dog, neither of the house nor of the ghat? It is a big statement that the elder mother will go, but the problem is that neither of the house nor of the ghat, so the middle one should be the middle one. If there are three children, then the middle one is a miserable relief.  If there is anyone then identify him, the elder one will be his boss, will beat and bully, I am the elder brother, the elder brother and the younger brother will get their own tempering that this one is younger, this one is younger and the middle one is the poor one.  There are many people who don't know, but the slightly elderly audience may be 30, 35, 40 years old, if you have three children, then the middle one is a poor child, it is such a relief that neither I nor I, the youngest name is the eldest, this is the middle class.  If you have a problem then I want to take you towards bridge class but for that you will learn how to break the believe system. What do you want to break then I will make a video, under the video I will give you templates and all that tailor made. Want to talk.  If that has to be done and if there can be a larger audience then there is a possibility of having a workshop on Sunday on this and it will be held in the month of June only. If I want to do it as per the schedule now, then you can write June. Whoever wants to attend the workshop, that's it. Live change should not be like this, caste comes first, whatever you see, the problem of middle class, what is the output, there is nothing, what are you getting in life, you don't want to change the input, brother, if you put a song in the machine, you will not get pomegranate juice. Want pomegranate juice, rich class, ok, if you want to drink pomegranate juice, then you will have to put a song, you will have to do a band, you will have to see brother, how much pomegranate do you get in line from the village and how much can you take from the village, if the whole class is not filled, then use less than half of the pomegranate juice.  I want to drink juice, Bhai Saheb, you are putting it in the song, it is not good, it is good, it is useless, I don't even get it. Will you change the input? Give respect to accidents, only that which is thought by the mother happens in life. If the mother does not think then it cannot happen. Sambdi hai tu think in your house. If Rajma is cooked the next day, then your wife or mother is the right Hajj, you are Rajma. Husband cannot speak at 8:00 after waking up in the morning. Those who have some basic cooking sense will understand that husband cannot speak at 8:00 for breakfast. Hey friend, please make rajma rice today. 8:00 Meaning, not only that, I had to tell you yesterday, every man has to think, give respect, the accident is not the head thought in the mother, but whatever happens, it is thought in someone's mother that it has to be done like this.  If such an agenda is to be had in someone's mother, then it means that the thought in the mother comes out of the tongue. My mother and my tongue, if thoughts are not just these things, then what is happening brother? Some people in the country have become lizards. I belong to the middle class, I am wearing a saree on Chhath, I have borne the burden of Chhath, if I think, I will be protected, religion, religious temple or other institutions which are different temples, class, caste, middle class caste, tell me, more poor people are going to the islands.  Is it like ringing the temple bell or is it my class or caste, how many times do you go in a year? Do you have to protect yourself? You have to do it on Twitter, you have to do it on WhatsApp, you have to do it in forward, the middle class is there and the actual energy is there. Look at that rich, you look at this, Sidhi MLA temple, this is yours, who are going to Mumbai, stand tall and see, you tell me, write down which class, you will see big photos, where do you go, yes, so much, so much of the middle class is going.  Are photos being taken? Yes, we went to Vaishno Devi once 8 years ago, then 9 years ago. Hey brother, I am saying 20 25 30 40 times in a year, how many times do you go to the mall, how many times do you go to the movie?  And whatever is your religious place, address the middle class and do not make it religious. This video makes me feel sad at times. Talk a little about anything, people start writing directly like by Gods, hey, I am mine, please subscribe to me, intelligent.  Don't increase me by saying such useless things that idiots say. You haven't understood it, it is not necessary that you have to see everything. If it suits you at all, then it will not be much otherwise you will not talk about it. I am talking that brother, you are yours.  Do it, wake up in the morning and do your routine. Whatever your routine is, you will sit and talk more. You are actually a religious person. I am an astrologer. I understand religion very, very well, what is good and bad and what is good, you should also remember this.  Whatever you say out of your mouth will roam in your mind and will any of your feelings be removed from it because it is not like you can say anything and get away with it, you are discussing the same thing all day long. Ho ho kahani mere reach kahenge rich class absorbed d lower class middle class am telling what do they talk and what you talkally different and if what you are not riching others where date men then what you are talking and discussing it yourself wherever 2  Middle class people are talking right and they talk. Oh brother, money is everything. All of them are retired or those who cannot work for money.  Let's talk, you don't like money, it will come to you, we don't have a job, we don't have a house, this house has become expensive, clothes will be expensive, inflation has caused a flood, all this has happened, we are not going to tell the story, the government has given it free too, give it.  Gave electricity for free, gave it to this person, gave it to him, if you have 100 crore rupees in your account, 10 crore rupees, 5 crore rupees, if you have even 2 crore rupees then it is a rock, what will I not take, then reduce it for that, otherwise that is less.  have to do it  It is not easy to cry, but why give electricity to it, our country will collapse, it will become Venezuela, you don't know economics, but he actually told through letters that it will happen, it is WhatsApp, he told that the sky has fallen, the sky has fallen, the sky has fallen, the sky has fallen.  They have asked about stepwells, are ours free too? DMK and Anna DMK have been giving these for 50 years. Tamil Nadu has the largest number of industries in India. Rewari is said to have been started in 5-10 years.  It is in 5-10-15 years, brother, it has been happening in your Tamil Nadu for 50 years. 96 minutes Color TV has increased. Study on it by sitting on Color TV for free. What is the difference in the psychology of people in the life of the post, how in the books. Hey every one.  What is the difference in giving a washing machine? What is the difference in giving a phone? What is the difference in giving a tablet? If you do this then you will become lazy. Well, you will become lazy. What do I tell you about ₹ 500?  If you do something then you will become lazy and your aspirations will not be awakened. This discussion you are having is bad, it gives you a temporary good feeling from inside that something has been taken out and then it turns you into butter permanently and then it destroys all of you and everything.  N classes are becoming the same, channels are attracting all the classes. Middle class got cut here, middle class got cut there, this got cut there. Hey brother, if demonetization happens then who is most in line?  I felt who was the most unhappy, whose jobs meant which one, who had gone. Just now your cobit had arrived, who was going in the trains, which class was going, which class's low occupations were going to be affected. You didn't cry so much that you were a rich class and  Have you ever seen the poor class earning as much as the middle class, because it means that the middle class only has the right to run, not the door class, the one who doesn't have time, doesn't have the luxury of run, which the middle class has and you don't know.  date run  There is no use in this, they make up their mind that starting from this encounter, here is the hurdle, you try to find the way out. The middle class is that which is like a tea bar, keep stirring it again and again and it will create a lot of storm, it will be a bitter poison. Even when you boil tea, there is a limit before the filter. There is a limit to boil it or I will turn it into a donkey, then drink it and say, friend, this is poison. You have turned your life into poison, this is how you boil your blood.  If you stay like that, you will become a donkey, become a pot, cholesterol will enter it, then there will be pain in the heart, this is happening in the middle, why are you doing this, why are you jealous, then what should you do if you become rich, then you will know what is rich and how much tax do you pay?  And how will you know how many lives are lost? The government will punish you. If you save wrongly, then you are being captured. You are paying tax. What do you say, ₹ 2 lakh per year, ₹ 300000 or 20000 or 4 lakh or  Five lakh more rupees were spent, I don't know what we gave, what was looted, see the maximum tax in this life by D. Top one day after tomorrow, maximum majority of D tax payers and those who file income tax returns, 50% pay zero tax. They don't know, those people go to the child, the tax goes to the child, I will tell the video in the future also, I will make this band on the one who is a tax saver and does not see his income, then there is no fun in it, there is relief instead of garbage.  What remains is to copy the content with a little effort so that there is no confusion because I have seen that my content is being copied, I am not that sad about it, but that content is copied okay, which is my original content, it is my original that even copying the messaging requires a lot of skill.  Easily because whatever content I am creating, I want to take you from here to here, whoever is listening, but the one who is creating, the one who copies, has no aim, he just ends up making this.  What he has to do is not to know the story, after that the next topic is not to catch the journey which I am taking, so if you are my subscriber till now then please subscribe the channel, like, comment and share, okay that's it.  These days, there will be practice of speaking quickly, if you like it, then you have to take me from here to here, brother, you don't have to show me the sign, even when Guru comes, after beating me with a laddu of name, he will go away, it will feel a bit bitter, but we do not say that you should give up your hand.  I don't want to leave my hand, now my hands will move here, Holia, cry a lot, friend, now I have to do it in the future also, I have to move ahead in life, if you are not getting this, then there is no one, if you go in search of TRAI, then I hope you guys will understand this. Will like, share, thank you very much