Hello friends, today we will discuss about private jobs, there will be a private job perspective, before this you must have seen one of my videos on government jobs, there will also be a little mention of government jobs, it will not be about private versus government, but we will look at the aspects when in the job market. Also we talk, we say that the practicality of private jobs versus government jobs is actually very less because if we look at the entire job market, government jobs are less than 1% and  If it is a private job or 99%, then here if it was 2018 and tan90 also, then there was no advantage in doing Bhishad Versus. The probability of getting a government job is 100%. The person who wants it can get it. Now what are people talking about in a private job? So you will have to give an exam, you will have to clear the post, you will have to appear in the merit list, only then you will have to do it and you know the competition in it, but in a private job, no one can do it.  It may seem that if you are thinking of getting a job here in your country and are not getting it, then you have to lower your level, then in the movement, if you had lowered your level, you would have got a job. No person can say that such a big country and so much less.  Yes, just like the tantrums in marriage, I will reduce the tantrums in getting a job too here. My father is a government officer, my father is a doctor, engineer, so many in corporate, what will the society do, will the world say that this is an issue, if there is no problem in getting a job. Similarly, my audience is mostly middle class, if you are also from floor class then you are most welcome but if a person adjusts by taking someone else, then here we will compare the jobs, the children who are coming from the lower class are the children of the poor. They do not have any issues in doing any kind of job and climbing up the ladder and those who are middle class, most of their children are continuing their preparation till the age of 28, 29, 30. And when you keep preparing for a government job for 8-10 years and you are not selected, then you are not eligible for any job even in private because you do not know what happened in the market in private in the last six, seven, eight years.  There is one thing that people compare in private jobs, look, I am going to give you a hint about one thing, the way of doing the job and you will understand all that also, people say no, yes, in private jobs, they suck blood, it is okay.  There is stress in a private job. There is a lot of comfort in a government job. I have talked to the government people and am in touch with those who work and are also unhappy with the private ones. In both the places, it has nothing to do with the person as to what he does in life and whom.  You come to life to bite the bullet, you come to have fun, you come to be happy, a little bit which is very rad, it's okay, he will be happy anywhere, private jobs are exploitative because your skill set is very ordinary.  At any time, someone else can be replaced who is not normally there in the government. No matter how it is in the government, be it stressful, normal, skilled, unskilled or busy, but he will come through the process only and the job is insured, that's all.  The thing is Adverise, which was my video from a government employee, please go and watch it. You will get to learn on your own what many government people have said in the comment section. Why would I criticize from my mouth, I do n't like it.  There you will find out for yourself that brother, who has seen the peacock dancing in the forest? There is a peacock dancing very beautifully in the forest. No one has seen it. The situation is quite like this. A government employee is equal to a lion in the zoo. Okay, I am not condemning it as an example.  I am telling you that there should not be any pain because what is the biggest problem, we need respect for a job in India, we do not need money, we actually do the job for money but we need it. You are understanding that we will not get money even for money.  If you don't get it, no one will do the job, okay, money is such an important thing, okay, you mean anywhere, money is so important, do n't you just throw money at the crossroads and start harassing those who are picking up the money, on the contrary, in a rude manner.  Start talking and make this a routine every day and people start coming there and listening to you, then you know what they will say, they will say, Hey brother, your heart is good, your tongue is like that, you give it wherever you get money. People are ready to compromise. It is a fact. Whether it is good or bad, it is also a fact. There is a lot of power in money. Well, in a government job, money becomes the captain. One has to wait for the commission on the eighth pay. The government says it will not come.  The economy has to be rocketed ahead but the capita income has to be increased, the government employees will feel behind and in the very good computer market, the people with education in the economy are getting it, but this is what  The advantage is that in the next 3 to 4 years it will get diluted and will reduce considerably and we work in private for 30-35 years, you listen, what is the problem that you are unhappy there because you want to do well in the job, whatever.  If you ask the private people then should we not do well in the job? How are you eating? Stop this yearning about doing something when you reach the job. You are the lion of the circus. When the ring master comes, he is the lion of the zoo and this is the government one.  One who has his own private job, what is there in a circus lion and he does not want you and makes you do it, the audience is happy, the tickets are sold well, the sale is genuine, then Sher Khan gets some good food and if he is not attracted  If he can't do it and there are no sales then he has to spend every day and he also travels but there is a link in the performance because there is no performance happening in Juwala and there is no incentive for performance there.  You just have to lie there, the physical public has to come and see, your physical presence is needed, there are many government jobs that require your physical presence from time to time, it is a desk, no matter what your job is, performance is a Monday in  If it is routine then you stay, it is a lion, you will get three times, you can enjoy it, but you will not get any excitement, still there is excitement in life, the crowd will come, today my ring master is happy, today is the performance.  It was very good, there will be a party tonight, so these are incentives also, yes, there is a risk factor too, there are many things, if you do a private job in such a way that it is a stepping stone, I will make something of that in the next videos because once you do all the things, Imagine that you studied in school which was towards something and college education was not college education. Many people turn private jobs into everything. You have to understand that even those who are on good posts. 45 46 years from now, where you will get force retirement, I never say that, there was a video of my retirement, I said that you have to bring retirement forward, in that I wrote a comment that in a private job, it is happening soon, brother, retirement is happening in the job.  Retirement, when you stop reducing, you stop earning money, now you are not a ventriloquist pony, I am in a corporate because this is what Indians are becoming, so what business should I do if not in the jungle?  You can become a lion of the jungle, this is not a business, where will you do business from, friend, 95% of people's notes, you are business without you, father, don't say, grandfather did it, if the family did not do it, then it cannot be a direct business, even less than B. You guys, there is a government job, there is a private job and there is a business and what is there, there is something else also, I will teach it in my Sunday 26th workshop, I have 10 more housewives and it is normal that they are less like this.  Digital Interconnect Solar System How can you do this in today's time? How can you become a jungle lion? What is a jungle lion? You have to hunt it yourself, no one will come and give it to you, but excitement can happen in life when you have to wake it up while sleeping.  Have to lift it and when it beats and is a devotee then there is excitement in life, you are not eating code, you are a lion, how is it made and if it is not made straight, it is not made so quickly, then in 21 22, when you  If you are doing a private job, you do not have to be exploited in the job there, you have to learn how any organization system works, how to speak politely, how to wear clothes, how to operate, what is politics, how to be harassed.  What is sorrow? What is pain? If you remain sitting at home then it remains sitting. When you take yourself out for any job, you will meet 10 people, 20 people, 50 people. This is a private job.  Very very natural and important first of all it is very easy Hey brother why are you looking for Rs 2 lakh Why are you looking for Rs 1 lakh You just search for Rs 40 thousand No you won't find it but Rs 40 seems less to me Yes then Rs 40  If you start then only you will reach one, that's why I am saying that lower classes are just catching up, they have no problem brother, we are doing less because father is a punch.  10 15-20 thousand people are poverty, whatever they do is upliftment, the tantrums of the middle class because they think that I will do less of this, this is not related to my education, there are also IIT people in India, there is no report yet.  Reset has also come, I had put it on Mani Control, okay, recently the report has come and by doing a non-core job, two things happen to an engineer, that's why those in computer science have very good salaries, the rest are your civil engineering, your mechanical.  Engineering is some other job, these are bridge builders, these are some of the college kids who are going to do it, you look at what you have done, you have done honey tax and in the core ones, the salary is also less due to enthusiasm, this is also a factor called why should I hold it.  If I wanted to add, then you have to see that there is no connection between the studies you are doing and the less you are doing, these people who are sitting on such a salary and position and have so many qualifications because this is a very big thing.  Mani caste  Isn't it in India, so if you have passed that too, you will see that he is an IIT engineer selling toothpaste, what is the link in that, the 4 years of engineering he completed, he should solve the problems of pulley, fear integration, all those coordinates, geometry and then  All that engineering study and all the practicals was to be sold to IIT, then for this, after studying so much, it comes from doing YouTube like this. Look, the saying among IT people is that you can do anything you can, they are Gates, they are hardworking.  Okay, the power of sitting and studying, the salary that IT people get is because they have the habit of sitting, studying and being combative for 16, 17, 18 hours. If you have the ability within yourself, then you will get IT.  There is no need to go, I am also telling you this, I am telling you from the job market and I am talking about the above posts, I am not talking about the people of Rs 10-20 thousand. This has happened in your personality, right? In the beginning you have to do less work and learn everything. You will feel that you are being exploited i.e. the money you are getting is less than what you feel you have done.  I am going to say that this is only an exploration and what else is it, every human being does this, if inside your house even your mother wants the maid to die from below and to die from below and not to die, remove it and die with the broom.  go here utensil  You have n't kept it outside yet, you will feel happy by keeping it inside, then don't keep it and go, you are waiting for 5 minutes. Look in your house, right, your own respected mother also exploits, maids are not exploited at all.  In this world, it will always be the intention of the person giving the money to exploit the women of the house earlier because those old women had the power that I will make you leave and I will reduce it myself, that is why I, the maid, also tolerated it.  they had  I knew that sir ji and badi madam have a lot of choices, but if not nowadays, then the game is all about demand and supply. Are you in a job where the supply is coming and there is no such special grid and  It is replaceable and does not require much training. Even if you are stuck in such a thing, exploitation will be all you need. If there is nothing else, then you should do exploitation for a few days so that you also learn because it is possible that tomorrow.  You will also have to do all these things, look, no one will explain or teach you through practical tea, everyone wants to be set, you will not be able to be set, this generation has given you what you are doing at 25, you will never ever know what I am doing at 45 and  What am I doing even at 35 and what am I doing even at 32? Those times are gone. The parents who became our brothers, our child is set. The definition and time of being set will have to be changed in the society.  And you will have to become a lion of the jungle. Multiple income, multiple work which you do and summary ask because what do you do less? You have the oil percentage because I reduce so much like this. What is this called lion of the jungle? I am the lion of the jungle.  I am, you will have to explain and speak like this, okay, so whoever wants to become a lion of the jungle, then they can WhatsApp me and the lion of the jungle on the WhatsApp number given below. How to register for the workshop?  I will tell you the procedure of how to do the registration, there are 7 best topics in it, you will also get to see them equivalent you should ok then you can do it comfortably, you will definitely benefit, please share this video with your people, private job  It is better to do a private job in 212 years than wasting 10 years. Do one, leave the second, do the third, get out of one half, do less good, do less bad, okay, meet people.  Meet boys, if you are a girl then meet girls, if a boy meets a girl then it will be a happening, at least you will not go into depression and you will go to the office, there are girls, there are boys, you will wear some clothes, you will shop wave, you will make a bun, it is okay, you will take a bath, you will give some fragrance, you will die.  You will do something to reduce all this, it will become your routine, you will wake up in the morning and go, now tell me how much money you are getting in that job, take your mother, father and mother.  You are living together and we are talking about a big city. Whatever city you are living in, what are the expenses? If you are living less than Rs. 40000, then all that is left is the food, father and mother are feeding their clothes, I am saying that when  If I haven't got married till then, then the period of 21, 22 to 25, 26 years is very happy, I just delay a little, nowadays I left and did not get a private job, saying that private job is not good, no job is good.  Let me tell you, tell me which job is good. People say that teacher's job is very good. This was started in 2006. His salary is some government and this and this. Ask him once, how good is it compared to loan, very good.  Then get started, it's not you, I can't get selected, I ca n't pass, or I don't have that qualification, then there are doors coming from far away places, everyone is being rubbed, ask the teachers of Haryana Government, if anyone from Haryana  She is a government teacher because I can't live without talking to her. Look at all this, in which jeep do I sit, in which village and where do I go to study, what will happen to them if the government does not do this on Saturday, Sunday. Do it today, today is that day, today is that day, today this is less, you are a government employee brother, you are not a teacher, not many people, nor are government people, how do people think that they are having fun, you are having fun, I am not agreeing. the your one  Posting in a place in a city where you don't want to live shakes up your life. You understand. In a private job, if your boss doesn't like you, it bothers you. You do n't like the environment. If you sit in the office every day, then  You can leave him, you can take the job somewhere else, if a person is trapped in a government job, if it is not very good, neither the boss can go nor you can go, you have to suffer for him, let him tell you and that situation is very complete for you.  You will spend time in managing your postings. This is not possible in a private job. If someone thinks that I want to do a job in Gurgaon, my house has been built, my family members are parents nearby, my wife has a committee of Rs. 40 thousand.  And we have managed the house, now whatever happens, I don't have to come anywhere, it will become a constant in your life, the variables will reduce, which I explained in detail in Happiness in 2 hours.  Explained in two and a half hours how to have more constancy in your life. The one who has all the variables in his life, the more uncertain his life position is, the more uncertain he will always be, the more anxiety, stress and the more distracted he will be. In the beginning, after that, figure out that you yourself are in the jungle.  Sher Cannot be done on time on first day job c ho d world works c ho people talk c ho people exploit c ho d customer care c ho you should behave c ho work  Place politics, whatever happens, teamwork happens and toxicity comes within the team, it doesn't come, let you release what is happening, you will start understanding everything from where this company makes its products, where is the sales, where is the margin, where are the sales.  There is franchise, there is distributorship, there is logistics, there is money, you will start seeing that yes man, where is this money coming from and how is it being made, then it will be a lot of fun, you people should attend that and that.  You are watching the video later, even after 26th is over, you can still connect with him because his workshop will be recorded, so you can watch the recording. You can take the recording in February. You will know the date. You will get to see only the recording live from him.  You can attend in advance ok thank you