Hello friends, the truth about jobs in Youth PSU Banks on a very important topic, although I am not making it up tomorrow, I am telling you the truth, you all have to watch this till further, this is a very important video, I am feeling a lot of consultation, one, two, three sounds is a normal thing. But one trade is clearly emerging among the many and one must see this if you are applying for a job in a PSU bank and if you are looking for a job in a PSU bank.  If you are having a lot of audience, then brother, write below in the comment area, Guruji, you have explained everything absolutely right, even if you say this, there must be some nonsense in what I am going to tell, keep your hand on your heart before writing, this thing is correct because tell.  It is very important, it is very important for the youth, I am from, do not apply in PSU banks, if you tick the eight things which I am going to tell you below, if you have been brought up in a big city, you live in a big city. nice house  If you are not from a poor family, then do not vote in PSC Bank. You will not be happy, you will not be happy, nothing will be left. If you want another thing, my wife should also be earning money, I should be supported, my wife should work and stay with me. In that bank, otherwise you will have to live separately. Someone is living in a village 180 kilometers away from Bareilly. There are postings at such small places. It is a bad situation, it is not like that even in big cities.  Brother, listen to him 90% 95% of the time you will get stuck in a bad place, sycophancy is the next thing that is important, if sycophancy is not done, caste is not there in the personality, it seems like why should I do it because I will have to do a lot, he is the only one, he is your biggest, not he is outside in private. Yes, even in private, tax has to be done everywhere in India but if you have come here then if this is also a thing then please don't come here, do n't come here in a small town with poor family.  Be it Mains or Mains, you will not feel much difference, you will feel fine here if you have got a good degree and finance people have done it from good colleges because you have passed the paper. If you are doing a private job then no matter how much money is invested in the story.  It is necessary to apply. Most of the fathers have no father. Dare, you are the one who is butter, just drive, you are sure, you have seen the comedy too, we have seen it, have you seen it in the court, what has happened, Gross has also not been in the government. very nice crowd e rakhi hai  I am telling you that in the movie Jawan, you saw it, sir, the bank guy comes and takes the loan tractor and goes to the lake. The reality is that the bankers reject the loan, their words do not want to do it, but it takes their soul out of them to reject it.  They have to live there with the villagers, life is not so easy, they come in shorts and take away the tractors and the farmers and common villagers there are so happy and poor, they have to live among them at any time at night.  t ho  Shakti is this, people are living in this stress factors, people live in this area, their children have to study there, all that is the thing, it is not very hunky dory, date is what I am trying, you are oil people, this is a very good thing, 75000  These have happened, there are delays in promotions, there is a lot of work pressure, there are forced targets which cannot be achieved, how many accounts should people open, how many people should they give life insurance to, and if  If you can give this much, brothers and sisters, then it is necessary to get a job here. Come, get your own insurance, make your own profile on LinkedIn, wear your suit-boot type and send the financial 50 thousand products that are available in your financial space. Now people.  They say no, there is no work, they are very stressed about this thing. You are in a small town which is seen in the movie, Kalinga Pong, someone is in North East and you live here, your story can also be posted in North East.  I am sitting here, my wife works in Gurgaon, so it is 180 km away from Nagpur. I don't know which one is the same. To reach there, it means why one has to go through the sugarcane fields. There are postings of such mean people and there they are.  It is said that if there is no work, then it would be a very good thing. If there is no work, then what will we do? Do people like to live in a big city, not work, earn more money and then have fun, watch movies, visit the mall, wear nice clothes?  Wear girlfriends and boyfriends, do photo ops, eat ice cream, eat food, then you understand that there is no work, but brother, what will you do sitting there, who will come to cook food, you don't have any system, there is not even a system, it is a big situation, is n't it, call him big.  It feels very bad that I have got a job with great difficulty. Today I went and got a job in the bank. You are calling this job like this. It feels very bad. I know that sometimes I come again and again and say that my audience is very defined. I am.  But people are like poverty line, it is also good, they are the audience of my channel, it is big, I have also told about the money, told about the middle class, told about the definition, told about the income, but brother, the public is the public, they like things. But those who come from poor families are also crying because ultimately if you have a job in a bank for 7-8-10 years, then you are no longer poor because you have used the money, you are ahead in the middle class, but then your life.  I have nothing  Children story education is not good posting inside small lions sister is not ready to come relative is not ready there dream and all the others if you live in her settings then you bill be surrounded by people am not your calliper ek vice kehna mere ko vote nahi  If you need someone then it is not necessary for you to be politically correct. You will fill everything with a small amount. Hey sir, you are sitting like this, you are not having any fun with them, your knowledge is not being generated. Yes, what growth is coming in your life, will it be incremented, will it increase, if there is some job of 60 70 75000, then after studying a little, it will become 8090 thousand ₹ 1 lakh, then one day you will become a manager, many years are spent and so much.  This is politics, isn't it? People are crying tears of blood for promotions for postings in PSU bank jobs and those who are working in their PS are not required to write the name of the bank.  When I told the banks about PSC in particular, they said that now it is not found in this one, this one is mine, this one has the same story in all of them, that the color is complete nonsense, today when so many people have got the light, only then they will understand that this one is  Why is there frustration among the bank people which we keep seeing many times when we go to government banks, why should they stay because just sit with them properly and talk to them for one or two hours, if you will not fully believe me many times, because it has been made. Maybe there are many people commenting too  Do it but you don't say, I don't know if they are from the bank or not, so brother, go and talk to the bank people in your relatives and friends circle and whatever else because you will get a job, whatever test will be conducted, job will be conducted, interview will be conducted, it will be very big here.  They will pick you up and throw you here for further posting in the city and then your struggle is East Struggle is struggle only struggle and then you will see the marks of such life emerging - two five plus eight and you whatever your desires were ever if you are at this level.  Yes, if the PSU is at this level i.e. in a big city, it is fine, mother, you are earning money, you have done it from a decent school, it is ok, English medium, big school, true school, English speaking and your opinion is that this is the situation here.  Your LinkedIn, your branding, your image, the more hard work you put in here, the more hard work you put in, by building your brand, three times it, five times the money, work, people, you will live in a big city, you will live in a good place, you will have fun, you will see some growth here.  There is no growth in money, there is nothing, there is nothing mental, there is no mental growth, there is nothing, so now that security should be given to those people who are very insecure, for whom absolutely every kind of work has been done for them.  Well, now people will say, no one has to do this, hey, I am addressing the audience by doing it to my subscribers, who is my subscriber base, who is my coordination, not for him.  If it is for you then you are not my audience, I am also telling this and by the way, it is good to listen to my words. If you have subscribed then you are trying to run away. It is not my intention, but I have come to tell you about a person from a small town in Samastipur.  There is relief, okay, there is relief in Munger, there is big palla, there is not much problem in going to Motihari, now we are in Motihari, now that is in Gurgaon, has anyone read pal, there is palla in Delhi, in Mumbai, in Pune, where is the big Motihari?  Ashu Where is Supaul district? People have to go to Chhindwara, Madhya Pradesh, Polo, Bhopal, third after Indore, if there is a GK test, then I don't know the city, Maharashtra. If I ask, Maharashtra is such a big state, then yes, it is Mumbai, yes, it is Pune, and tell me, it is Nagpur.  Yes and Chauth Chauth, then you will know Jaipur yes and Udaipur yes yes Jaisalmer, let's go to Jaisalmer, let's go to Jodhpur, oh brother, the one from Ude, the one from Sirohi, both will go, ok, it is understandable.  Does he have food and drink brother, he will come. What will your Kolkata man do? He will go to Jhunjhunu and play jhunjhunu. It is very difficult. I do n't know where to get the lottery. I don't know where to get the uniform and after getting it, it is not small and then why many years are spent, then let's say now.  What should we do brother, now we can't do anything because you people are not going even a little because you don't know anything ahead and by living in these lions among small lions, now you can achieve big and some extreme growth in life at any time.  You can't do it, this is also a fact, your confidence will end because in the beginning all the energy is fun, then the work gets cut off and then there are bribes in the mobile that come on, this mobile too is not visible to anyone in the city.  Look, we are from a real world, so if you are finding yourself in this situation, you can connect with me, try to extract this power that I have told you, from such 650 districts, sleep like this.  So  There are 300 people, no one is ready to go there, the world is living there, it does n't matter to those who are born in Aavah Y-Environment, but you, sir, were not interested in the story but were of the clean type, so you go here, this note is worth giving it to.  Jobs up pass it note it is ok you have gone to bharuch bharuch bharuch in gujarat then there is also a bharaich up there all that is ok i do n't even know which one is where this one is ok  Which train will I catch, then how will I go, then how will I come, then which bus will be, meaning all the modes of transport, I will go to my bank for my life, where do you live. Do you understand transport, you mean it can be a ship, it can be a train, it can be power, then a bus.  Also there is power, then which one is below the bus, then the below one means you can get rich till the bullock cart also in some cases if note that rickshaw means you can reach that level, I am giving clarity, my work is motivation and giving.  You don't have to give motivation. If you understand the point then either try something brother, if it doesn't happen then try it. If it happens, then cross check. You can call 50 people and ask, and my comment is on the comment area.  I have brothers in PSU banks, you will do good to others, they will say, then why don't you leave, this is the problem, in India, people are crying in weddings, people are crying in jobs, it is not even a small Chhath, because Chhath's questions.  If it is possible, then once you take him to task then it is not so easy to leave, it is a job worth Rs 75-80 thousand lakhs, if it is a government job then it makes a big difference, then please write in the comment area, thank you very much.