Hello friends, relationship workshop details for all subscribers, I may be interested, I want to tell you on 38 March 11:30 am to 1:30 pm. This relationship workshop will be mostly about the relationship between boy, girl, husband and wife. There will be discussion about that. Yes, other relationships also affect them, so there will be discussion on them also, there will be an excellent workshop, don't miss it, you can contact us on the given number.  There is a fee on whatsapp2 but there will be a lot of blank sessions and also there will be templates and ideas and rules and formulas which you will get to learn. You can also become a small consultant. The understanding will be very good. Husband and wife will join together. If you are a couple then it will be fun.  It will come soon and even if you have not become a husband and wife, you will still enjoy joining it because someday you will have to get married.  They are going through this issue and wanted to take consultation from me. The consultation fee is very high, I also know that I myself never claim that it is low, I say just learn a little, it is okay, it is for rich people.  By the way, consultation is fine, so for a normal common man, brother, at least learn it, come and attend the workshop, it is fine, you will know the template, you will know the ideas, you will get to know the query session, you will enjoy it, I am very excited financial  The year is ending, it is the last week of the financial year, Saturday is Saturday. Please spare time and the recording will also be complete. Arrangements will be done and it will be fun. Making notes, there will be laughter, there will be pain and also fun. Some belief systems will be broken, some will be crushed, some will become stronger, that depends. What kind of system do you have but I am very excited to do it because there was a lot of demand for it and this is my first relationship workshop, maybe my flagship.  Let there be a workshop on relationship, I am the doctor of relationship pain, it is okay to do something like this, now many people ask, tell me quickly the topics and for the price of one pizza, I will tell you my life, what will you do if you go to watch a movie, then let me tell you the whole story. It will cover this, come, brother, how much loss will be incurred, if you don't enjoy, you will enjoy, you will definitely learn, because no one is doing this, so what will I cover, I don't want to cover that too publicly, okay?  that too in itself  It is a proprietary item that what will I tell, I don't even want to tell. If you want to come then you have faith. You need faith to learn anything. It is always there. If you have faith then come, you will get to enjoy, you will get to learn, you will get clarity, you will get sorrow and pain.  There will be less, you will understand, the pain will reduce for sure. And further pain will probably not be found and if questions will be asked for many people then it can be more than two hours brother, it can be of three hours also, you guys just enjoy.  It is from the other side, okay, so hurry up, the last time to register is yours, you can register till 11 am on Saturday. If you are watching this video, you can do it till Saturday i.e. 30th March, it starts at 11:30 am. So, you have time till 11 o'clock to register, then how to proceed further, that link is there, I will tell you, it is a paid workshop and the fee is equal to a pizza. Thank you very much.