Hello friends, you must have seen a recent video of the top YouTuber and the things that both of them talked about and many other things that they do, you know that I also keep on messaging, so I am making the video because of my subscribers.  I got many messages saying that if this has happened, Sandeep Maheshwari ji, who is in this, does not even take the name of Acharya Prashant because everyone understands whose name it is, so people were telling me, Guruji, you are very good.  If you are happy, then I am going to give clarity on the same thing. Sandeep ji also thinks in my opinion that some people follow the team because there is a middle class person, then this one is that one, I feel that there can be misunderstanding too, happy misunderstanding too, whatever you want to say.  It is possible but I would like to give clarity on this, I will give it very well so that it will be understood very well. First of all, I want to tell all my subscribers that my people do higher order thinking and generally the rest. Forward or anyway, if someone says something against someone, I recently made a video, brother, you should blow your own stomach, don't panic at all, do n't panic at all, Modi ji, Rahul ji, Rahul ji, Modi ji, why are you so nervous?  Don't be afraid, people will come and say, what is okay, what is okay, no delay, absolutely okay, it is not even ours, all this influence will influence, it is not there in the old times, but thousands of years ago or being French.  During Sia's time and this was what happened in Europe or the intellectuals or Aristotle or Socrates or in India it was called Shastra in India, there were some people who used to discuss among themselves and that discussion is very good for the society, very good, very good.  What is being shown and explained is much better than those who keep discussing only about religion, religion and all these things on politics. You have those debates with the nine PMs and all that. Brother, it is a very good thing to be with them, so neither should the audience be angry with Sandeep Maheshwari ji, nor should the audience be angry with Acharya Prashant ji, nor should they be angry with people like me. You are talking like this, it is important what are you doing and whose is it?  Whose side do you think has logic, what do you enjoy, what is it, that is a different topic, but this time, like last time I did Sandeep Maheshwari Vivek Bindra, Vivek Bindra ji's army did not come for Sandeep Maheshwari ji.  This is a fact because it seemed to them that it was not that much and maybe they are taking money but this time the video made by Sandeep Maheshwari which was made just a day ago, my thoughts in the comment section of it when this video  Probably 11 12 Haj comments have come. It seems that Acharya Prashant ji's idol is very big, but I want to give clarity here that this should not happen. Do not fight for someone's idol like this.  It is my power, I was saying this, do not throw any influence and it is like this, Guru ji, this is also not very good, Sandeep Maheshwari ji's last seven videos because the business series he was running had flopped, then Vivek Bindra.  If Ji's scam was done then the views increased and in the last seven videos he is exposing all the meaning, as you say, he is exposing the world and if he continues like this, then if the children who follow him then they will come from home.  We will stop going out because there is danger of something going wrong everywhere and India has to be careful. Life is natural and should be lived. Am I very reluctant that I know what Acharya Prashant ji used to say and what he said?  What were my views, but whatever knowledge Sandeep Maheshwari ji gave is very superficial knowledge, he gives it like a normal teacher or any child, you should not go along with every person who gives you a sweet pill, you should not do this at this level.  What is the problem, this is the problem, I will also take the name of many YouTubers and talk about their messaging and this is us as YouTube2, we do not have that among ourselves, I do not want to speak personally in this, as if I felt bad about one thing, Sandhi Maheshwari herself was very touching.  Can someone please say something to him, even a short rant is very touching, it is fine, but here he is speaking only in the name of Acharya Prashant, everyone knows that it is his name only, so what if you say it?  The problem is so that the understanding becomes clear, someone is telling them that if you are not married, then what do you know, it becomes a little below the belt, it becomes a little below the belt that it is not necessary to know the current only after receiving the current.  It seems to be the meaning of marriage. If we look at it, even today and earlier too, many of the people who run this country and those who run the states are not married, so you tell them that you do not know how to run a family, how will you run the country? You don't know how to run a family, there is no logic in why you will run a foreign country, that is, if you yourself are not a doctor, then a doctor woman is talking about common sense that eating this can cause upset stomach, one should not do this, however, it is necessary to do something. Every person is a Chartered Accountant, Architect, Lawyer and Doctor and how can it be like this, but since we can still talk, then this argument of theirs is not right, it is enough for them and their videos as soon as that video starts, right?  They take it themselves and Fake Guruji means they have made the children stand, I don't know what kind of format this is that by doing yes yes like this, they do not fill the stand up com with laughter by force, now as I am making the video, now this  Technology is not being used anywhere in the video to divert your attention because he himself says that he changes the mind set when he runs the ad and then the program, so you too, something similar is happening here too. he got the kids to sit  They are asking, but you promote them and take them in that direction because you have done the preparation for the same, so make a simple video like this, people listen like this also, people listen like this also, one eighth, ninth, tenth Dhruv Marathi has caught the children of 11th, 12th and BA first year students. Sandeep Maheshwari has caught those who are not getting a job or are not getting married.  Two people, Vivek Bindra ji, who takes the business, and the other one, who is not able to be there, then his Acharya Prashant, who has the consciousness, intelligence and discretion, only then these are three crores each, but I am there, I am also one, now I will say, yours is Chutku Channel 2 lakhs.  You are not happening after all this, hey, you are not happening now, you will happen in the future, you are making this video for your views, yes yes, I am making it for my views, every user makes videos for views, like every politician does whatever.  have votes  A businessman does it for profit and like you, mostly those who are employed sell their time for money, the rest are standing in the queue, buy my time, buy mine, buy mine, give me a job, give me a job.  If you make it then don't interweave a motive, it is okay, what is being told here is logical, enjoy it, I have a great video of mine going to be released in 48 hours of this video, I think what will be the topic, it was already shot.  Ok youth and all the lofty talks are going to get a lot of clarity. What is the problem? Youth need clarity, not motivation. We have to tell them that brother, this is the world, it is confused like this, these wires are entangled like this in the world. Can someone please clear it like this?  Ca n't give it for you but can show you that this is the complexity of life, it is not a thing that if you get married then it is okay, if you don't then it is okay, as if one should believe in a simple God.  No, God should be believed, God does not exist, God does not exist, it is a very simple question, but what is said, it happens in many things that if you believe in this thing, then it will be better or not. Many times, if there are two choices like to marry or not, then at the society level, I have made many videos earlier also - Some people are not meant for marriage and If they marry, people are also not meant for marriage then. The clash happens that out of two, one should be meant for marriage. This is also one. Very clear videos have already been made on this and I will keep making more for you people, but because of this clash of the two,  If yes, then I will definitely say this to Acharya Prashant, although you can say that he is my competitor or he is different in ideology or who is morality and who is shellack, I will not take his name, Professor, he was son noir.  What do you say, these are all the English words, okay, that's how I consider myself to be Shellac Holmes, okay, every man should be the hero of his own story in his own life, so even though he is like that, I would say one thing to those who  He also has consistency of thoughts. Those thoughts may be questionable but there is consistency in the athlete's messaging. It is not like that of Sandeep Maheshwari, PK Lotte's work is dependent on him. What is the situation that such consistency of logic should be enough, which one is good, Sandeep Maheshwari is good, Acharya Prashant is good or someone else is good or I am good, I also talk about a test which can take you somewhere, make you travel somewhere. It is good which takes you forward and has logic because all are coming from philosophy. Now what is modern day? No books are being written and in India at all they are not being written for the 21st century.  Philosopher, because the world has become so dynamic that if you use the word philosophy, if you use the word idol, then if you use the word ideal, then the word gets attached to politics and religion. What happens is that talking about life in this way is a truth or something.  It is not happening, okay some people are doing it but there is a lot of discussion on this thing, I call it mental massage of your brain, if it is mental then the answer is in this domain.  When you listen to me, listen to Sandeep Maheshwari ji, whether you listen to Acharya Prashant or anyone else, then do not come in conflict and take sides, be relaxed, first of all, you have not taken the contract of our houses and our organizations and the way of running those things.  As for him, he doesn't even need anyone, he will take care of everything, so now I did not like the personal thing of Sandesh Maheshwari against anyone who comes to the comment section, but Acharya Prashant ji who  Followers are sitting here and they are writing nasty things in the comment section of Sandi Maheshwari. You did not like it either. And that I am the noise of Acharya Prashant ji, even those who are themselves would not like it. If you accept that you like my words or  I think I am a very knowledgeable person, so if you are a follower, if you like someone then why will you misbehave, will that person be endorsed in politics? What is happening unfortunately is that In politics, a leader cannot go and tell his followers not to misbehave because he feels that votes will be lost and he does not maintain a higher moral ground. The same problem is being faced by Kats too. Now let us assume that you are a very good subscriber of mine and you are here very much.  If you write dirty words then I am not going to approve it from Sandeep Maheshwari or Acharya Prashant I am not going to feel happy this is why I am on my record.  I am telling you but the same thing is not happening in today's discourse, be it political discourse or religion or creator's, if someone becomes your devotee and he speaks very forcefully against it, then it feels good that we are among them.  We have to avoid this, those who are genuine creators, who are giving knowledge, who are giving wisdom, who are giving philosophy, have to try to influence the society.  They have to come out and call out this. I feel that Acharya Prashant ji will give his answer on this matter, according to his thought process, it is okay and he will tell all these people, not to do this, now one more thing on this.  And I argue what is normal, I have also seen them in the comment section, I saw that I followed them, I got good benefit, that is the journey of life, at some stage you will follow Acharya Prashant, it would be better to follow Sandhi Maheshwari at some stage.  There is nothing worth following, so he is my go-round and which one is up and down, what is this called a swing, the one who does it like this, right, that makes sense, isn't it, it is like this, it is like this, there is something above.  No, there is very superficial knowledge, the same thing cannot be said about Acharya Prashant. You cannot call Acharya Prashant and say that your knowledge is nothing, brother, I know what he says. Now what would he have said and taken away, that could be an issue for debate, so if I mean, if I have to talk to someone and have to debate or I like to come on someone's platform and talk, then I will choose Acharya Prashant I.  Will Never Choose Sandesh Maheshwari is very shopper knowledge which is called if you have read what is shopper knowledge, the concept is very superficial and very for children that this is not right, that is not right. No, don't do it like this, don't do it that way, don't do this, so I personally feel that if a question should be asked then everyone's follower should have all the questions, then the way I do the question is like now, my bandwidth is too much.  If yes, then I question the financial influencers also. Akshay Srivastava wise, in the name of others, because if the main two are going on, then questioning the messaging should not be.  There should not be any fault in it, it is okay, then this Acharya Prashant ji is okay, then I did not take any side of Vivek Pindra ji that I am a big fan because people said, hey, you also do like this, he is selling, listen.  Look, no one means no one is that great, okay, and Sandhi Maheshwari, if you add the subscribers of all these people, they become several crores, okay, if there is anyone else about whom you want clarity, then tell me because I am now  come  I will give clarity even beyond this, I never say that someone 's cause is superior or for my own benefit I say that everything is for a noble cause, but even in that noble cause, there can be something wrong, just like your own mother comes and says, 'Son, yours'  For the good, daughter, for your good, there can be a problem in that good also, so when there can be a problem with the mother and the father, then why can't it be with the influencers, I am coming and questioning the same. I am not giving ulterior motive, I am saying that whatever Sandhi Maheshwari is doing, it is in his heart, he is doing it for the betterment of the society and the world, for the betterment of his country or the world, perhaps Charya Prashant is also like this.  Vivek Bindra is also doing the same, Waraku ji is also doing the same, Akshat is also doing the same, he is doing everything right from his side, but in the process of doing everything right, things can go wrong as I told in the example.  That it may be your mother and father's brother, your mother and father's genuine desire to do something good for you may also be flawed, there would be someone to question it, right? When I come there, I come to question their messages to the messenger.  Que means you should not do it ever. That is the English proverb 'Never shoot the messenger'. Reply to the message that yes, this is its messaging and I wish it would come to us a little bit.  There is a lot of negativity in political discourse also, if people make fun there then one should laugh a little, it is okay if you are a top politician but it creates too much of an animistic atmosphere, it is not good for the country, so I want to mentally prepare my subscribers.  That brother, when this conflating comes to you, enjoy it, Hrithik's picture is coming, Shahrukh's is coming, Aamir's is coming, Salman's is coming, why are you fighting with John as to whom you want to see and whom you want to watch? Away, I am saying go for take away in your life, as far as I feel, whatever I tell you, every friend is important at every life stage, of every kind, it can be messaging, you were in some zone, he was in that zone.  The things seemed right to you, seemed suitable, you liked them but you moved ahead in life, wisdom came in your life, then you did different truths and my mostly subscriber base which is following me very closely, they are the people above 36  Because till now till 35, you feel that you have figured out, it turns out that after 36, when Saturn happens, then I had to create five channels to give different messaging to each one and all that.  The source of all my five channels is the same, that light is the same, wherever that knowledge is coming from, I don't even quote much, people would quote it anyway, it is written here in that chapter, chapter number 100 verse.  Number two, it will take effort to do it like this, I know how much two and a half to three to four minutes it will take for someone like me to memorize one verse, okay then I will come here and memorize it and if I take the help of editing, it will become easier but I am not that.  What is M is to tell easily, what is M is not to show one's knowledge to others, what is M is to open the notes of your life, am I capable of opening the mental notes, wherever notes are made in such a way, open them, open those which are  human being  Open your mental notes, it should be the number one influencer in your life, whatever is opening, if yours is opening and you can follow it and it remains relevant, the solution is to never just call anything bad, like Sandeep Maheshwari has suggested.  Like I have made videos in every video, now it is very easy to say that a marriage is good, bad, not good, it should be good, it does not happen and counting her more virtues and taking her towards her, because I am like a mother-in-law.  Don't say daughter-in-law's serials, it's not Ekta Kapoor's work, but like I make videos of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, no woman is even making men, leave it to men, it's okay, mother-in-law's serials, family's conflicts, I started bringing all these things up, now big ones.  I do n't believe that Sandeep Maheshwari, the team of YouTube, tries to copy my content after watching my direct content. As far as I know, they have teams and those teams keep roaming around, wondering from where to what.  If it is relevant, then in general my messaging got a voice which I too had been speaking against the thought process of Acharya Prashant for many days and years, so I got that voice, okay, so I liked it, I see Acharya Prashant ji.  Beyond that, what will you answer, what will you say, but the way it was told was very superficial, this is the problem in the content of Sandeep Maheshwari ji, no one brings anything from somewhere and leaves it there.  They go, do not lead anywhere, are not on any journey, are random, do something like this and make something middle class, what they did to me and that is enough, what is the definition of middle class, they are earning money, they are not earning, they are original, my content is for everyone.  Do you know that youtube0 with 10 lakh 15 lakh subscribers also copied it and I am happy that the athlete started talking about it because the original person will come and claim it any time because  I did n't do it with you because there is a date, although there is copyright here and I don't like doing all this so that I kill her, then they set it from the example of India, it is like that it is fine but there are many things which are absolutely cut.  If you copy and paste it, it's okay, if there is an issue there, then the biggest take away from this video and for the subscribers in general is that don't be sad after coming to the conference, get different messaging comfortably.  Look, in life, taste the sweet, it's okay, taste the sour, it's okay, it's like sour water, sweet water and Gol Gappa, it's okay, taste the spicy ness, taste the salty, taste all the flavors, don't sit holding on, no, only sweet is good.  No, only sour is good, no, this is bad, no, everyone enjoy, everyone is bringing something or the other, I am bringing some of my sweetness, okay and all the things which are like this, I am bringing from my side, you guys.  For Tell me how are you feeling and if you are watching Age A Forward then subscribe, I too am above 2 lakhs, bring subscribers, there are only a few left, there are not many left, at least become above 2 lakhs, I too will become one one day.  Everyone's time comes, inflection point comes, someone increases subscribers by doing ads, someone does not give ads, does he increase subscribers by sitting on high moral ground, I am not among both, I am following fine.  But I say in organic that brothers and sisters, please increase it, please no, I don't like it, I do n't like it, when it becomes two and a half crores, I too will not say anything to increase it, I will also come into the attitude of 'I am style', listen to me, now I am like this, that Like a small leader, brothers and sisters, please, if you want to win the MP election, give 2 lakh votes, it is okay, 8000 or 9000 are left, increase it. You will see so many people in this video, increase it one by one. And whoever increases it, write plus one, I will be satisfied, it will increase to 500, 1000, 2000, 10000, now so many people will watch the video, increase the subscribers from your friends, mom and dad, whoever you want to increase, then you will enjoy till the end of this video, if 2 My second video will be released in 48 hours. After 48 hours, two days. If you are watching this video, then go and watch that too. Youth and Uchi.  high words thank you very much