Hello friends, this is a very good topic. This is the name of the youth channel on Clarity. If you have not subscribed then do it. There is a lot of clarity in many topics. There is a lot of love in the comments. People say that no one has created original content. No one means plagiarism.  Can someone get infected? People take mine. Today's topic is Should you give money to your parents if it is for youth then you can be 24 25 30 35  I am 40 years old, I work less and earn money. What is the question? I asked, should you give money to your parents? Money is your parents, it is a very simple question. If you vote mostly then people will say yes, the same note is for the question. Video is ok.  If it is, then it will be good for you that some people will get to listen to it, parents are also listening, those who take money or not, listen carefully with an open mind, so the clarity of youth does not mean that only young people will listen to it.  It means that senior citizens will also listen and they will give clarity to their youth, so this channel is for everyone, you understand, what attention will you give to your child, otherwise you have to give him knowledge, then you see us thinking that Sudi you give money.  Parents, this question will come in your life only when you have money, otherwise this question will not come, if you are dependent on your parents then how will they take money, then the situation here is such that parents  There is money for retirement and if you have money then you work, do business, I would say that even if you are married, you take money just like that before marriage and I would say that you should not give a lot of money even before marriage.  It is necessary for the parents, now you understand this, first of all, those who have children, their parents have become good, they have to understand that the parents who are the plates for the children, it is their duty, not a favor, but no, the duty was to raise them, but that.  stomach  What was the duty of the CAT that we sent to the college? Now let me tell you a different story. We have to remember one thing that the children give more happiness to the parents. They are more forgiving. Parents give happiness to the children.  Children can never give the happiness that they give to their parents, so they balance it in this way because the one who is there to give them happiness since childhood is not their own. When the parents have seen the child, they have seen the same, whether it is a boy or a girl, otherwise they have not seen it.  You tell me the gender goes to A. But when the child is looking at the parent, he does not think that he is a daughter or a son, he loves him, there is a lot going on in his mind about my father or mother. In North India, a lot has happened, this is a boy and a girl, so this has to be done by a girl.  Sometimes it is the love of the parent and sometimes it cannot be. Salutations to the mother for her child and the father is also awake, I am also awake, the world is awake, the man also goes, you are awake because you do not do a favor to the child because you are asleep.  can't if you  You can sleep this very feeling date you child note it well and only and right requires you country note let you sleep it is your problem you are awake for yourself it is a very deep thing for you to understand I have to speak myself in my video I live in third fourth order  It is not for all the audience, they will not understand because what I am trying to tell, many people will run away. Hey, you should give less, it is limited to ₹ 15000, don't ask for it, when you are at psychology level. Deep will not understand things, Deep will not understand, nothing is being explained in India, nothing is being explained in India and if there is no problem of waste, then no content will be created in the waste, in 18 years the child will be kicked out, they will live on their own social  Security will not become Prime Minister, India only system, you have to find out what is happening, what are the parents doing, how much are they doing, how much are they poor, if you take a loan from the bank then you have taken a loan from the bank, okay understand.  This thing was worth ₹ 50 lakhs and you got a house in return for it, you gave it a house, then the loan of ₹ 50 lakhs ended, this will end, the house is yours, you did not pay the bank's aarti, then if the parents who brought up like this  We are saying that we are investing this money and we will get it, then brother, you are a bank, banks do not get respect, you are understanding the deep thing, if the poet sometimes has a share in this, then it is okay, then sometimes the actions of the city people, whatever.  If you want to give those likes  Please like this on this issue. On this issue, are parents a bank? Because it will always be a bank. I have given it to you, so give it to me and if we have to have such a relationship going forward, then there is no respect in it. Take the money but be clear.  Go son, what is the problem then? Have you invested Rs 10 lakh for the boy or the girl in the marriage? If you have invested anything, then she did not say that. Now you want her feelings, many idiot parents.  Want a feeling from the daughter-in-law, I have invested so much money in the boy's marriage, she does n't respect me much, now why did you invest, the daughter-in-law had asked, the boy had asked, why should you invest, you want to become a bank, whether I am an investment or invest 50 lakhs, then boys and girls. You will give one crore and the girl will get the feeling and respect of Rs. 1.5 crores, from Rs. 50 I will get 2.5 crores, you will get multibagger returns, just put it in the stock market, then you will meet there, then you will see why they want the story, isn't it because of money?  It is necessary to send your sister because her father- in-law has a small house in front of Dehradun which he wants to expand and respect. Our child has joined a multinational. The story is that if he becomes an officer, then we should show our social status to the neighbors by showing our functional functionality.  If there are six in my son's bathroom, there is no bathroom, there is no bathroom. Of the problems that will arise if you drive late for Innova Cryst, then tell your father which one should be given, L2 should be given, Desire should be given, Amaze should be given, Honda City should be given, which one should be given, because many people can say this themselves.  Well, if you gave this to us, then the answer is this: Match money, social status of your parents, match today, give them the phone, mantra, take the phone, you sent it to your daughter, why are they asking for money for food?  Those parents who are so hungry, become so poor, who don't have a scene to eat, then there is no spice, there is no question to be asked, there is no question, the application for that is to be my audience, I am the audience, take this note and go to the class.  Ordinance you should understand and give money is required bill you give it, we have to build a house, why do you have to build a big house in a small town, you will never live in that house, the cost of construction is inflated everywhere.  Small lions have more cost because of labor and stuffing. I will build a house in the mountains and it is expensive. I do not make it from my imagination. This video is how studies have been done. I have seen the pain of people with me. I am based on SOAP D guiding principle.  You Give Loan Sorry Money To Your Parents Should Be Weather It Is On A Loan Basis And Non Returnable Insurance To Your Parents Because You Wish You Start 24 25 26 Your parents are of 50-55 years of age, get medical insurance because if ever the big expenses arise, they will be covered from there. You pay the money for medical insurance, which you get in clean money. You people know that the income is up to Rs 25,000. In 80's the government had also said that yes, this service has to be done, this money has to be given, but the money is being asked from your father for your father's false pride.  The boy has become so big, Seth ji, yours has become like this, give it to me, they will say that my money is not given to me, this BJP is a fool in speaking to the parents or in the Indian society, even if the parents do not say, ' My child would have given it to me'.  No money, give flowers, very shy, itna your son is [ __ ] so big great, I had just taken out something at the beautiful picture's house, also say something, I didn't read the article but I can't relate that to some father's house in India too.  Sarcasm: It is not about tracking you in things, it has to be given in functionality, it has to be given in a fair manner, it keeps some accountability and it has to give you clear messaging that it is very hard and money is made for free and again and again you have to remember that thing.  Is it a bank? The money given by your father and mother, now they want to recover from you that if you have spent so much then it has become a bank, otherwise the bank will not get respect. You have to understand this and if you can't explain then read this video.  Explain to them so that if they come to know, then it is a matter of giving a conditional amount, it should be given on retirement and it should never be reduced endlessly because what was the limit, it is not that you are giving money to the house and it is there to the village, Newton said.  You are going to a function to eat food which is not Rewari or the wedding was organized for 10 lakh rupees, sister's wedding and after taking money from you it will go on 25 rupees, then you too will spend 15 lakh rupees and that 25 rupees will be spent on sister's wedding.  There is no difference in the quality of giving, which is derived from the psychology of giving first, because it will never flow in reverse towards your children. The favors of parents can never be repaid. Your children can do and they cannot repay yours and this is the method.  Life is like this, clapping is not enough for your parents, neither are you, honey. If you are not doing it, then it is okay. If your children are not doing it, then it is okay too. You should not remain in clapping mode forcefully because this is the same.  A disease and pattern  What is to be broken is that your parents have done a big crime to their parents, clapping or forced service or money exploitation, now they want to do the same thing with you, then it will be with you, then you will also follow the law of law and follow that program in our family.  I have said that we take care of our children, I take care of mine, I will take care of yours and you take care of yours, tell me, what is this rate, the rate in our family is that they are very nice, you and  Children and they don't expect anything from each other little beat love and respect but they bill give everything body mother and wealth this is ho r family progress they don't expect anything from next generation new and bill b d tree and bill love you aisi ritu  He is not driving India forward, then what will he do in the future also, this happens many times, he is not born, he himself becomes so expert, he flies away from the restaurant so much.  This is also not the story of the generation, it is okay that we do not marry, what is this, what is the meaning of this type and many do not do this because our parents have to do so much, on the contrary, my parents raised me and I have to raise them.  I, you ca n't live life further, if you have clarity, then youth is this, you do n't have to raise your parents, how many garden pictures can be made, how many stories are there, the story was made because there was no social security in this country, so it was not in America.  Bunty  So there is security in India, Prime Minister's scheme, this scheme, ask whether you can give 25 thousand or lakh and not for what, if you ask for what then our heart will break. We had asked you one thing when you got selected there and we had given you away. Then they open the account of the bank today, find out how much they had lent, put interest on it but reverse it, I and that software of the bank is Microsoft Excel, that very happy Excel, you will get it easily, all that in a good way, the loan ends on Excel.  Tax  They give gold these days, it's fine, they go to the loan on Excel, they crust it there, turn it into practical content, friend, now if you talk, he criticizes, what does he do when he criticizes, so many people are watching this video, it is effective for more people. No one will make a video, everyone will make a video, you should respect the needs of Indian society, you should understand that the bank also has its expenses, it also has its expenses and we have given you life, so now you do not give money for it.  So how are you born? After the loan is over, then taxes have to be paid. How much will be spent on 24%, 38%, how much will it cost here, how much interest should I put in my love and care for you, then put it in, what is the time for the society?  I talk about connecting, I talk about awakening the society, I am talking very deep, if you people understand this, I know this, you will come and speak for free, you will eat the dog and the street too, give it this butter, give it.  You are the people, I genuinely understand and require and sometimes what happens is that you have to give. After a stage, you have to awaken the society and also learn the code, because I want to play the role of a social scientist, social reformer.  Whose name have you heard in the 21st century after Raja Ram Mohan Roy, Vidyasagar ji and others like him, but I want to include him in the role, from this middle I can go to every house like this. Jakar to koi gyaan dega nahi chowk tu so mein people so please make this video write in comment area thank you very match please subscribe note donation and parents who have seen the video and who felt a little sad if it went to please request you too  By subscribing, you will also get a lot of clarity and you will get it further. You will feel pain gradually but you will get rid of that pain, your belief system will change and then you will eat.  We were cheated by our parents, yes, that happened to you and now don't do it further, don't do it further, don't follow the wrong rule of law, follow the good one which I have told you, thank you very much.