Hello friends, today we will discuss a system, we will try to discuss it, that is, should you believe in lakhs and hard work, this question is asked a lot, this question is fine and many people call it destiny, some say luck in Hindi that brother on this.  Is it true or should we work hard to do this, so today I want to tell you that the question itself is wrong because everyone will get the answer when it is freshly corrected or understood properly because by doing it in the wrong way, luck is everything.  If yes, then there is no need to do hard work and everything is possible through hard work, then brother, even a donkey also works hard, okay, I don't know, everyone does this hard work, not everyone gets it, then the answer is date in life. 60 Things 100 Things Are Working More If Sachin Tendulkar happens today, then perhaps he would not have been included in the Indian cricket team. If he was selected in 1989, then perhaps in such a competition, people talk about astrology like astrology.  Little is taught in the old wisdom Time and Space in Your Hand Your Hand is Action I Won't Call It and Something Career Mistake Decisions Are Gold and Dreams Or Are You Limiting Them Because There Are So Many Things You Can Be  And they can take you anywhere because what people say is that they are looking for their patients, they are looking for fashion, but what I am saying is that look for something less or less where you can get money, because when money seems to be coming in a lot, then that is fashion.  It becomes like this, people are not doing it in reverse. Nowadays, no one is discussing like this in the society. In our society, talking about money directly makes people feel bad, this is a wrong thing, how can we become something like this?  We have to do something for the society, don't talk about all this, we have to do something, now it will not work because 7-8-10 years ago, what is being reduced today was not at all less, otherwise what will you prepare for today?  the child of  He is in 10th, when he will enter the job market after next 5-6-7 years, then what is happening to him at the time, go to the market i.e. money earning market, what will happen after 7 years in the money earning market, we don't know the only thing is this way.  Can we prepare ourselves, keep our mind cool, how are our people skills, how many remain happy, how many do not panic, how many mean vans do not become tripuni and remove these ghosts from their lives that I have to become something because even if your dream is fulfilled.  And even if you become something, what grade will it be because people are running after the name, I am saying again and again, run after the name, you see in any field, the name is temporary, the name does not always remain that big-  Big cricketers, big film stars, big leaders came, Bharat Ratna remained for a long time, now it is not talked about but money is more permanent, then that money is more permanent in money than today, not in name, there is a lot of sleeping in one year.  The position was for one and a half year or two years and after that it ended, after that it ended, be very very, keep you focused in life.