Hello friends, today's topic is should you blow your own trumpet, do you know that trumpet of yours, should you just praise yourself, should you or not? This is a very deep video, higher order thinking, I would like to teach you a lot, no one is teaching this thing, no management school.  Neither in college nor in family nor in society, it has been explained in a different way and that is why today for the first time I am going to explain this thing to you people and please like and subscribe the channel. My t graminity.com In the country, such people may seem very exaggerated. Many people like it very much, many agree, many troll, there is every kind of reaction, but there is reaction but I am consistent. You must have seen my approach.  I answer and then I will talk, the answer is that you have to praise yourself, you have to blow your trumpet, you have to blow your trumpet because Nobody else is ever going to blow it for you I am my address, my middle class, you have not become that, you have not become that of the biggest leader that many of your devotees will do that, yes, anyway, you are not going to become that, there is only one life, it will pass.  This is what I want to tell you, no, but we should not praise ourselves. Who doesn't like it? You don't like it, you do n't like it, or people don't like it. Hey, what will people say? Those people are of no use to you, those people whom you like are of no use to you.  You are praising that this thing does not look good in anything, that one rupee of yours is not worth anything, there is no use because you have to understand it yourself. When you want to buy a confectioner for your child's marriage, he will say yes.  No one has made it better than us, now it has not been made, I am not talking about it but I am saying this in real life, you always like and love people who are confident and they give that there is nothing better than us that inspires confidence.  The one who does not want this confidence does not have your requirement, you understand my point, I go till second third fourth fifth order thinking that it is completely layered in between, you have to learn, do not watch my videos 1.5 exp, listen and you will understand.  Nothing will come, you understand what I am trying to say, what inspires confidence, when you go to a shop, your sister says, show your suit well.  Or that seller, there is no better suit than us, look at the clothes, there is nothing better than this, what are you, what do you want, decide on you everywhere, what kind of a person are you, no one says anything, whatever you think, you are a financial influence, you run youtube1 by suppressing it.  Here they give money, they give it and then the world speaks about them that if they publish a good newspaper, then they spend money on marketing. Now many times people tell me that I should take the name of some influencer. Okay, so I will take the name.  Let me tell you, I have said Akshay Srivastava, sometimes I have said Varku, sometimes I have said Acharya Prashant, sometimes take the name of any two or four others. Okay, I said friend, they speak wrong, they speak wrong, you want cheap popularity, you want cheap publicity, you want this.  Work is cheap publicity. Hey brother, you have to do it for cheap publicity. Yes, who wants expensive publicity? Who wants to do publicity by paying crores of rupees? I am telling this to the middle class.  You will have to do it, yes, speak good to yourself, do n't speak bad to others, you have to say that you have opened a golgappa shop, if you have opened further, then my ears are good, my water is good, I am using mineral water, my masala, you will enjoy it. This is useless, I have to say, there is nothing wrong, this middle class becomes someone, that is why it is not able to reach anywhere, middle class is not able to reach anywhere because you, brother, it does not look good, do not speak ill of anyone whom you want to speak ill of.  Do that audience which is the audience, the audience will decide, the audience is not worth anything, it is worth deciding, and how many creators will say this with a straight face, declare yourself an idiot, those who are watching my videos, that friend, you cannot decide in life.  Whatever you want, you can achieve it, but what would you like in life? You can't even think. The thing that you can't even think, then how can you want that? How can you decide? You are made to decide. Yes, you can't decide anything, you are listening to me, which car to buy, which phone to buy, which house to buy, which girl to marry, which boy to marry, this is also being done to you for your own benefit.  It is not a decision, you feel that it is yours, you cannot wish what you want in life, you can get whatever you want in life, but you cannot wish what you want, are you understanding this, it is very important that you  blow your  Trumpet butt comes with some catches, if you do n't know how to cook at all then can you say that I am the best cook, first of all you should know how to cook, then you should also have some knowledge in it that other people are cooking.  I also cook my own food, according to me mine is quite good, then we need 510 people who can speak, 510 people are needed, we don't need 510 people who can speak, it is very good only then there will be some substance, absolutely from zero to 100 if you  If you are sitting at 60, 70, 80 then you can claim 90 at 80, you can claim 75 at 60, you can claim 95 at 30, then he will be called a [ __ ] because every time when you come and say,  I am the number one clarity giver, this is how I came and said this because of what I am bringing and thinking, no one brings it.  No one is approaching this issue from the point of view of finance, from the point of view of relationships, from the point of view of astrology, from the point of view of psychology. No real estate people think that real estate is  A mother-in-law problem, real estate is a marriage problem, investments are related to marriage, quality of marriage is related to job, happiness in job is Related to Money Money is also related to marriage Now my video will come, I will teach you very well in bad marriage and economy, your marriage is going bad, what will you do, ask what is happening with Raymond, you can reach anywhere, no matter how far you reach in life, if  If this base of yours shakes then this will also shake, everything is linked and these are the linkages, I have explained it beautifully, no one else is coming on any platform who does marital consultant and also does real estate.  Be it finance, relationship, communication and astrology, there are 25-50 things that I do which I don't tell everywhere, so when you connect all those dots, you get confidence. Confidence comes because you do some work.  If you are not doing it, then brothers and sisters, you also have to do something in life in which you are good, it is not necessary that you can come and say that you are number one in India in this thing, but you can say it while remaining in a coat. You can say that I am the number one in Abol Nagar, you can say that I am the number one in your colony or the number one in a small town or the number one in that locality is in a big city, then you can say, but you have to know that  You will have to be better in one thing. You can say that no one makes this Dream 11 team better than me. Well, you can be good in anything too. So find something that you can teach in speaking, in understanding, in teaching or in learning. Others How To  Absorb Learning Learning how to do something Can it also be taught You don't know anything but you know how to learn Very well Can you teach others Can you teach others You can teach any skill set Are you a woman Hear me  You can say that no one in this whole society can tie a saree better than me. I know how to tie so many pleats. I know how to tie it like this. I know how to tie it in 18 ways. I can tie it in one and a half minutes. I can tie it in 80 seconds. Mukesh Ambani. That my wife Nita ji is the one who ties his saree. As far as I read the article last time, please check with such celebrity gals. She also teaches many people how to tie saree. Can you teach? Can you say like this?  I know how to tie a tie very well, the American one, the European one, the Oxford one, this one has so many patterns, it can be made like this, it can be made like this, it can be made like this, no one learns better than me, can you teach me, Shah Khan ji, summer will come soon.  So winter is going on but there is time in summer but people will come. Why doesn't he make better shikanji than me, I have that masala, why don't you say you will and dear people, you tell me this today, I come and speak openly, there is no better clarity giver than me.  So you write in the comment section whether you agree or disagree and how many people feel bad as to why you are praising yourself. Do yours too and if you criticize someone's message.  What has to be done is in direct conflict with your work. If I say that we should get married on time, then I automatically come against Acharya Prashant. I am not worried about this. When one top politician does this to another politician, then we are also in competition.  I want, do you want that Acharya Q. I want all the subscribers of Acharya Prashant to come to me and I have around two lakh of them and mine will be more than them. That's a joke. Two teachers were going. From in front of Mukesh Ambani's house and she says one, hey, how would you like it if you get all Mukesh Ambani's property and she says, it would be great if you get all his property and my two tuitions, so a person has to think about himself. A messaging. If anyone is against that messaging, then he is against it and it is in the message. Now who will decide? Who will decide? Acharya question: Is it okay or am I okay? The public will decide, no public.  It is just that people will follow the one with whom your views match, this is also a true thing, so then brothers and sisters, now you will ask, then who has decided first?  Who wants to drink tea, who wants to drink coffee, who wants to eat dosa, who wants to eat chana bhatura, then why are you making it like this, so that if you want chana bhatura, then keep eating chani bhu.  Don't go for dosa and if some dosa people get tempted or they get tempted, what word should be used, is it right to create greed in them that you should give up yours, come and try it, then what is wrong in work?  Said no, no, cholesterol is high in dosa, this is true, yes, this is also true, and in dosa, this is good for the heart, that is also true, okay, this is true, but come and eat.  Let's see who has to eat, whether the 22 year old, 23 year old, 25 year old is eating or the 50 year old or 55 year old who is being fed, the one who has cholesterol issues should neither eat Dosa nor should he eat Bhatura.  He should eat idli, okay, and with South Indian filter coffee, what I am talking about may cause a little confusion as to where are you getting this dosa filter from.  Acharya Prashant, this is that, I am taking out your fear, the fear of speaking good about yourself and also about speaking bad to someone else. If I have to become the Prime Minister of India, then I will become the Prime Minister of India only by praising myself or by criticizing anyone.  You will also have to say that this is crazy butch, all of them are crazy butch, I am only Shana, I am only Shana, look at this, I have horns, you are not able to see much, you are feeling that something is happening, this should not happen, brothers.  Sisters, who goes and takes a tape measure and measures 56 inches? Have you ever asked anyone? Do you know how much is 56 inches? I am quite good, mine is wide, I am from Haryana, I am also fine and I have not built a body like this, but for me, how much is 44 inches?  How much is 46, how much is 48, how much is 50 52 54 56, okay, you will also have an idea, but someone says it, it sounds very good, many people should also like it, then why do n't you say it?  Can you say something even an inch smaller than mine? Why are you feeling shy? What are you afraid of? No, we will decide. How will you decide? You give every person the confidence of a doctor. One person said, go to operate for the doctor. Tell me about anything, doctor, it will be fine.  Neither is he asking this, the doctor said, this is my daily work, Abhay Tihan Saheb is from Medanta of Gurgaon, he is fine, India's number one cardio surgeon, I don't know how many thousands of operations he has performed.  Now don't you have confidence in them that friend, I am mine, my name is enough, so if there is any lesser surgeon than him who has done all those, then it cannot be Tihan Saheb, now there are many surgeons, so what kind of doctor would you like who is doubtful?  Brother, I will do the surgery, after that you decide whether I was good or not, you get it done, you get it done by him, you tell me, are you planning to hire a confectioner for your daughter's wedding, are you planning to hire a caterer.  Yes, tell me how is it, then you keep it, then you don't have to decide, business doesn't work like this, business does n't work like this, no work works like this, you will say how do you do coaching, you can decide, join if you wish, you have a chance brother.  Coming to join again, there are 10 crore channels, 10 crore people sharing knowledge, then you have to tell that brother, I am number one, you are number one, so why don't you have the highest number of subscribers? Subscriber is an idiot, he doesn't understand my words, I am Shana, I am intelligent, I am number one, I am feeding you desi ghee, where will I find someone who is telling me so openly to teach you people, because I know that I can lose thousands of subscribers in this. I have hurt someone's feeling by making such videos, those whose feelinglessness I myself like, 22000, some subscribers are 300.  They get 35000 views, these 2 crore 80 lakh subscribers are sitting there, they don't get 4 lakh views, but even 6 people don't see them, sometimes they join, sometimes they come again, there is no relevant content, it doesn't touch the heart, it is not practical, it is not its own.  You will not praise like this and you will do it by doing marketing. Hey, you are my audience of middle class including myself. I also do not spend any rupees in my marketing. I myself I am marketing, Swami Ra Ramdev ji is yours, he is ours, he says, I am the one, do it Kapal Bharti, do this, I do n't have the expense of marketing, I do n't have the expense of marketing, so brother, that's why the product is cheap, I am giving you the art of decision making 99 comments  You will find it in the section, take it, you will enjoy, I have taught you all the templates for Rs. 299, there is no high production value in it, you will feel like what on Doordarshan's 90's serial in my content.  Byomkesh Bakhi, what a great serial it was, what a great story, see today, the production value was kept so high but there is no engaging content, look at the Vikesh Bakhi one, with his attention, even the mike was visible where the dialogue was hitting, it was shaking at times, okay, the production value is bad.  It was okay, it was not that good, but even today people watch it on YouTube and you also go and watch the content, the story of grandparents, some serials were old because they were from old times.  There was no production value and budget. There are many movies which have a budget of 15 crores. The picture Katara became such a super hit. Like you, it was so expensive that it was made in less than the sales and marketing budget of 250 crores, 500 crores, 300 crores. Brother has made the whole picture, now you have to see that this expense is not water, you will never be able to do it, no one will ever speak good to you unless you speak Shahrukh Khan's song.  Have you heard that I am the best, I am the best, yes you are the best, both girls and boys also say this, first you will have to say once, I am the best and you will have to say the best only, but that is hard work for that.  So you will have to do it, you can't say best, how will you say best, with which mouth will you say it? If you don't know how to cook, you can say best in food, if you don't know how to tie a tie, you can say best in tying a saree, I don't say any big things.  stay here  I am speaking about science and research and cricket and all that. Okay, people will decide, don't do it. These are the people who don't have confidence in themselves and think of themselves as arrogant. There are two types of people, one is the one who does n't have confidence.  Brother, they want to gain confidence somehow, you teach me, I believe you, you seem perfect, you will learn this, but there are many people who do not consider themselves inferior in their own eyes, but are hesitant in telling people.  Then someone says to him, he comes forward and thinks man, it seemed to be a common man, he is sitting on such a normal software, he doesn't even come on the helicopter, he does n't even get an ad for this, so we don't have much back and forth too.  I don't know, I don't know how to make myself number one, it's so easy, who made me number one, why is the lion the king in the jungle, neither can he run the fastest, nor can the leopard run, is he the biggest, because the elephant is so big and neither is he the biggest  high  Because the giraffe is so tall, but why is he still a king? Because he thinks he is a king, he believes, he says, I am the king, then he said, yes brother, in the jungle, yes, who is it brother? It is okay if even the donkey believes tomorrow.  Embrace yourself and people will accept democracy once or for a while. There is no democracy. Actually, it is fine in the jungle. But if you understand democracy in our country, then anyone can become that.  The one who wants to become a hero will have to humiliate others and in this, the middle class sensibilities in decision making become such that they say brother, I am like me, I like this politician too, he also likes this. I am telling today in the recording, earlier I told you that I like Modi ji well, I like Rahul very much, Do I like both of them very well, Can I vote for both of them, What can't I vote for, I like both of them very much, Not a little, Not very good, Both of them.  There is a lot to learn from both of them, I will also make a very good astrology channel about both of them someday, if you want, then listen to it, I will make a very good astrology channel on P and I. They are saying something to each other, so I, I, what?  What should I do, should I leave both of them, should I not dislike both of them, should I like both of them, and should I like them more, what should I do, that is of no consequence, I can still like the third one, also, the fourth one, also, and them.  Also, to live with this contradiction, one needs an ease which is not there in the middle class. The middle class says that they like you, they like you too, but don't speak ill of them, because if you speak ill of them, then there will be a lot of problem.  There will be suggestions that I like Modi ji, I like Rahul ji, I like both, if Modi ji says something against Rahul ji or Rahul ji says something against Modi ji because I like both of them.  I am now  The problem will come that I will have to dislike someone, naturally because I like him, if he has spoken bad about him, then if I have to continue to like him, then I will have to leave him, but I like him also.  Hoon It is like that Rasgulla Telling Gulab Jamun That is better than Gulab Jamun This is Rasgulla and Gulab Jamun than Gulab Jamun Singh Ki No No I am better Rasgulla Hey brother, we are from Haryana.  Eat Rasgulla also, eat Gulab Jamun also, eat Kheer also, eat Halwa also. Take what ever comes to you and be friends with both of them. Look at the India level, if India is a friend of one country and is also a friend of another country and both of them are friends.  It is necessary for you to take a side when they are playing among themselves, see who is talking logically, what relations can be made with whom, what to do, but that is the problem, not that someone should praise himself.  Or will he speak ill of someone, watch this video of higher order thinking, it takes 22 2 24 minutes to explain, it cannot be explained in shorts, it is explained only through examples, but you being middle class, why are you or not, we will decide and you  Do n't do things like this among yourselves brother, even Coca-Cola and Pepsi will say which one is better among me, okay, you can't do this like this, you must follow the decorum, that's something.  I also agree, now we should not say the words 'that is also agree' but if the messaging is going out then since when did it become wrong to oppose that messaging? If I say marry on time, have children on time, it is good and someone else is saying.  Or not, the intellect, conscience and consciousness have to be awakened till the age of 42 till 45 years and then these things which I am saying have to be done. If you do them in 24, 25, 26 then it is a direct consequence. I say, home first. Should buy 2425 Wari who calls axle axle should not buy a house after 42 years, that too even if you want to buy one, it will be my 42 p. buy a house only, so why can't I buy 24 and then why can't I put the money  Ca n't, no, how will you put it in that mutual fund, if you go to e, then e will also end, the rent will also increase, the salary will also increase and that's what I used to collect in the market.  By the time my time came to buy a house, the property had increased and the market had fallen, then where would I go? Otherwise, if you keep doing it for 90 years, then how will you have so much money, neither will you have teeth nor will you keep your mouth, then it is conflate.  It is messaging and it is important to tell that there is more importance in my words, I am influencing more people, I am benefiting more people's lives, more people are thanking me and if I am explaining to people directly then never.  You  Will Continue Seeing To whom I am speaking today that till date I have not spoken clearly to whom when I say that whatever I do in praising myself, my friend, you cannot praise yourself, you cannot do good for yourself, whom will you do?  All should be the biggest favorite person of all of you, you should be yourself and then someone else should come second. Love yourself first, don't turn to yourself, only then will you be able to give it to someone. Will you hate yourself or will you give yourself somewhere?  If you don't even make it to the top 10, how will the work be done? You will have to work hard. I told you that if you are 10 out of 100, you cannot become 90 out of 100, but if you are 70, 75, 80, you will become 90 and the day you become 90, don't say no.  I have started making the world 95, I tell in my exam, I talk about real estate, no one is above me in India, I am fine in knowledge.  Did the message come or yes number one Clarity's letter Tell me this capital Some question came one and a half years ago at that time the rule was changed and the government does not change after so much advertisement Do you know and that had just happened, I did not know it or completely. I was not able to give the answer to mine, so I claimed that if I don't know the answer to the question, I actually know everything but there is no answer to any question that I claim that I am number one. In the matter that I will not give it to you in 24 hours, with full clarity, that too, the world makes you think that you are 80 out of 100 and you say that I am 9095, the world will make you 100 by itself giving me the knowledge.  The number of forward messages and number of messages received is called crowd sourcing of information on any thing. Funding is done, isn't it? Crowd funding, you understand, is an information then.  There is knowledge, then there is wisdom, and the amount of people give me, the video I make, when it is published in the newspaper, I do not read the newspaper, just disclaimer, I don't read any newspaper personally, I never read it, because then it is the same, that, then because advertisement.  It comes in the newspaper, people do not know that the advertisement which is printed separately is not the same advertisement, the rest is also not advertisement and they make it like us, okay then I  The things that I say in the newspaper and the things that I say are published after three to six months, if what I am saying is published today, then my audience, you are the subscribers who are connected with me, the number given by it is now available only on Tegra.  This is whatsapp-web, can you tell how you liked this video? Never be shy in calling yourself good and if you cannot call yourself the best, then say good, first say I am good, I am very good, then gradually say best.  go to the side  When you become the best, but what is the point in saying no, no, you do it yourself, you decide, no, no, the public does not decide, the public is told, the public is not explained, the public is told and then the public accepts and then like this.  This is how votes are cast, this is how you become a leader, this is how you tell a product, this is how it works, it will feel bad to hear, the public feels that they are deciding and not deciding anything, all this such a big system has been created just because I have no sales.  Budget is not enough  Because I do n't have any marketing budget, just because I don't run ads, it doesn't mean that you will take away my right to praise myself, because then what are you wanting, that the world should praise me and then I should consolidate it.  I get 200 messages every day that I have changed people's lives, now how should I do that, make a site, post testimonials, take screenshots, post on status, will it take a lot of hard work, won't it take a lot of hard work?  It is the work of hard work, people are getting connected, many people have changed their lives, thanks to them, people have seen a difference in their weddings, people have seen a difference in their mental peace, people have started feeling relaxed, then write in the comment section because if not then I.  And what will happen will be seen in the comment section if I have brought any change in your life which my audience is listening to till now. What ever late you are seeing which comes through message, then I will give the direct result only.  Let me tell him that brother, he is better than me because why am I saying that I am number one and no one is doing the work I am doing? You people should also find such work which not many people are doing and if they are needed then you will.  Do well and never ever shy from saying that you are good. I know that it takes a long time to speak the best. It takes a long time to become the best from good. I agree that it is not easy. It is also the stage of claiming.  There is no actual best, it is relative, we learn this from Sanatan, everyone has their own absolute truth, there is nothing, everyone is living with their own truth, my truth is that I am the best in this thing, this is my truth.  This may be your truth too. If you agree, if it is not the best, then brother, you are not finding anyone better than me. Tell me the name. If you have found it, then go to him, then why are you listening to me? It is a simple thing, go, you have found it.  No, when not, that is also good, you are also good, but do n't say the best, why don't you say, why does your mind feel a little troubled, your contradiction comes to your mind, there is tension in your mind, why should I deny myself for that, you live.  With that fact, if I am speaking 80 things out of 100 that make sense to you and 60 of them are taking you to a much better situation, be happy with it 100 out.  Of 100 never happens like that in life, someone is taking 40, someone is taking 30, so come with a straight face and say one more thing, now tell me while leaving, if I am the number one clarity giver, then comment.  Write in the section if you are not there then write someone else's name, but I give clarity on those things which impact your daily life. Spirituality does not give by force.  And then we have to ask your question why don't do it like this, I am the one who is connected to the ground, I am the leader who is connected to the ground, I am the one who takes the votes, I am the creator, I am connected to the ground, I am connected to the ground.  I take votes, the rest are the ones with hi-fi style, they are okay but they don't reach anywhere, I just feel from them that yes, it was fun, as if my go-round goes like this, isn't it fun, they went up like this, then came down, and then went away.  it's fun  Came again got down and stood there, did not reach anywhere, did not reach anyway, this is a lot, this is my matter, this is not my matter, walk comfortably and you will reach somewhere in life, subscribe the channel, if not, request more.  Have one or two subscribers and add some ads, we will grow further in lakhs, okay, then we have to keep messing with so many and so many, there should be something to say about them, okay, it is not that my words are in India.  There are so many people who understand, there is no shortage, there are many, we have to reach a lot, many people understand and I try to explain it simply, thank you very much.