Hello friends, today is a very touchy and deep topic. The topic is the case of borrowing money from your close relatives and sleeping. I don't want to discuss it because now what to do, let's not discuss. Who will tell what in this. Okay, so my speed is fine, listen carefully.  Ka or and a very quality, you will get what to do when message best examples, I will understand that in the situation you can give money, why not to give in this, why not to give and they are fine under examples, so carefully you  Understand whenever and this is not fair applicable only for kinship friend circle also okay no big relative commission of money on a better means you have money to spare ok on this study something you have put money into space only then it is there otherwise why would it come  No one will go to a poor person who has no money and will not get up on his own and go to him, no one will go to a well-to-do saint, okay no, he is busy, what is that?  That you are giving him money and the condition of asking for it is Pari and your relative, he is asking for this purpose, the one closest to you is younger brother, okay, elder brother, whoever it is, now that he is busy with his job, it is okay.  So, the issue of help has come up in someone's life, okay, your 65 Uday, you had not taken health insurance, there is a tight contest on this matter, many times a person also shares, two are relatives and the relationship of acting, whatever you believe, your brother.  ne sister brother sister anyone  Friend, whatever you think, a man is living his life, will you get life again? Types are okay, cumin, roaming, eating, drinking, car, these John, clothes, saying happy birthday to wife, enjoyment party, this brother, investing in mutual fund, taking it in some time. And create your will, it is going well, now you have done something for your child for your future, you have done something for the girl, you have done something for your old age, you want to leave the job soon, something else.  You should do it on your own, yes then it is okay no, it is your own choice, now if a situation arises, then after this year, when he needs money, he still makes it clear that he will give the money, meanwhile if he will not give then now.  What kind of relationship are you, all the dreaded fate, how are you, you can't give me my situation, oh my brother, the account of this time will come from me and if this, if you are giving this, then whatever is his marital life, which is a pastime, whatever happened.  in that this  The money was not his, it was the money of his son, his daughter, his daughters' sons, his middle child and his wife too because he belonged to a sacrifice family, his family did not do any English, his wife could have told him that brother, you do something. If you have taken it then now if you don't give this money today then you will die and if you give then you are dead then before asking you have to clear that if you do not want to ask from me then it is absolutely an extreme emergency.  Who can get medical insurance? If medical insurance is possible then it is 5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 30 lakh. Don't go for premium. Don't eat pizza. Don't drive a big car. Don't buy gold security in the party.  Essential Oils and Relative Sequences And You Tell Them You Are Not Secure That Match And Tu Mere Par Latkega Latkegi And Make You Laddu  When I am so early and I have zero in my life you have to do it that is one second or buying a house your relation that you need some money buy all the minutes then the shortfall of 5 lakhs became 10 lakhs became 15 lakhs  Ware creating assistant: Buying a big thing requires blessings from elders. Okay, give money to your parents, give it for salvation, give it without interest, forget it seeing it as a blessing.  It is it is his land here in Europe, do n't give him money to buy a house, car, Creta, but you have to buy a Fortuner, don't give him money for these things, don't give him money for these things, and this is what you don't have to say when he asks for it, you have to do it first.  I have to create more because people say that now it is my video, you can shoot this video with a gun and sell it to all your relatives like this, it is okay if you send it somewhere then it is good, it is giving a message, say, discuss.  No, I am not sending messages, tell me, let us discuss, I am not saying this, tell you, what he is saying is true, because in the end, a man is always strong, what a good salary he has, and how a man earns his living.  He has better understanding, his wife may be intelligent or both of them together may be intelligent, everyone may be something else except one, if he is taking money from you regularly or not. You end your kinship and friendship, the ultimate is to always give money only when you can afford to lose it. It means donation is also there, don't take it here too, but don't ask again because with this I am in conflict resolution.  They come to the family court saying that they had given it there, what would have happened if they had given it, you have someone else's money, other scandal money, the other party finds it very easy, every person thinks that he has to earn it by working hard.  Look, I go to my job, I do it like this, if I do it like this, then I would have got this kind of money, for this, it is easy to earn money, for others, see, is it lucky or if someone's wife works, then it becomes a double income group.  If there is single income group then there is single income and double income group my brothers and if there is double income then double lock goes to work, it is not that this one goes to work, there is double income wherever one is sitting in double income group, both are successful and work.  Then we would get hot bread  They don't get another Rs. 500 and something that gives happiness in their life as much as you have the right to get half of the money from your wife. Where does Prithvi live in the house, she lives in it and it becomes her duty to please her husband. If both are working, then both are deprived of many things but their occupation is different, so whenever someone asks, you have to think that he is asking and you have the ability to give, then this is where you put your money.  doesn't fit the agenda of  If you have a friend then it is the center of it, then someone will take away that today you have given, tomorrow he will come again to ask for it brother, give me the word brother, now see only a few whom you have never even seen, they will also say, after that you will start hating yourself because this  What are the relationships which break due to giving or not giving money, then instead of breaking tomorrow, they should be broken today itself, the money has to be given with clarity that brother, look, it is like this, this is so much money, this is why I have to take it, I will take it for this period.  And who else?  It says friend, don't help your brothers and sisters, definitely do it, but what kind of purpose should that be, a classic example and brothers, it is your sister's wedding, my father, I feel like helping you today, sister, my sister has  I will spend ₹ 1, don't do this, the budget of 30 lakhs, the father has thought that you have spent 10 lakhs on the daughter's wedding, Preeto, the budget will reach 40, it will not help anyone, I will give something to my sister, ₹ 5, then that Hooda's will come in your honeymoon, it will be his continuation that your heart beats a lot, go and tell your sister for the bank, which fast before marriage, she is my sister, we are sister and brother, half of my father's property is your aarti, this will be my rule. Whenever someone else is there, I will stand by your side, brothers, in your happiness and sorrow, in your pain. Whenever you need me, I will do this. Edison is much more important than giving lakhs 2 lakhs 3 lakhs. 400005 is set up to be relaxed because because I arrange marriages worth Rs. 40 lakh fifty lakh easily, I do n't even realize that it doesn't happen in 50 days, I do n't understand that if you look at me with my hand, then I am going to go at this time.  Is their sorrow for the breakup of marriage or is it for the loss of money? Give a quarter is the pain of the society. I am telling others that it is not giving results. I am not fasting for a few days. I am telling the truth in marriages.  If you don't like it, then do n't spend it at all, if the money falls in your hand then what to do if the same express starts coming, if you have a daughter then you had to invest, then buy a house and give half of it, the parents will give it or both of them will get the registration done at least.  Accountability is there that even the name and continuity of the money is saved. Then if you have to give your money then keep it accountable. The message is like this, you woke up and understood it, don't spread it like this, it was given there, he asked for it, gave it to him, he asked for it, gave it to him. I have seen many times how children do well in this. I have passed ITM and I belong to such a rich family, it is okay, I was from a humble background, so this is North India, I have ignored blindness, it is okay, should it be Hindi or English, please write it, it is okay.  The people here will understand that it is okay to be bored at our place, it is okay to show your style like this, so he wants to do something by demanding money from his son to show that now we were here, don't think that we are here.  this is ours now This part has happened, I have seen a lot of money being spent on these things and brother, you have joined the team, the salary is good, if you waste money on these things for 5 years, 10 years, then that one dentist of yours will give you the first more.  If you get the opportunity to reach here in Advantage Life, you will struggle. You are very angry to see us because they are wicked, starting from negative, they start from zero but you start from positive.  So much so that you felt like saying, Dad, leave Mom and Dad, leave those mistakes where you want to hit your style, come join me and live well and take some of this and don't show the money to hit the shot because after going there  So, if something happens to the house, you do some good repairs here, do something like this, park the car, we will stay here, we will have fun here, there will be a lot of fun like this, even at night, Mantu, these parents and I, look at this society. These are the things  People will feel bitter but no, in the class I know there is sorrow ahead, either you are so much that I have told the chiefs that this does not happen, brother, whenever your money is given to you, you get as much respect as you were thinking, as much Namaste as everyone was thinking. Brother, you were thinking that he doesn't give, he cries out, what happens sometimes in life, when you give money to your parents at some point of time, you think that you don't know what credit you will get for it, you will be called such a good child, you forget what will happen. because and in that their  It is not even a mistake because what happens sometimes is that we get so inflated that everyone thinks that we took this money in our name, you took 2500 rupees and are running away from us after keeping it back from us, time is practical, I do not release my stand.  What was the interest rate? How much was the loan? How difficult was it? Was it the calculation? Nobody will remember our own parents. Beautiful member. I am telling you the bitter truth for life that you are the master of your own money.  Become whatever is in your name, otherwise you will get witness in life. When you get bitterness, neither will you be of any use to his relatives nor will he be of any use to you because once he becomes like this, now he will give you. Not of any use to me. First of all, tell me that I am of no use to you in this kind of work. I can increase your ability to earn money. I can increase your ability to save money. I can increase your ability to invest money. Life Insurance.  this medical Insurance Is Car Insurance So I Can Provide You A Backup Plan In Case Anything Goes Wrong And Start A Systematic Process For You To Love And Manish Sisodia And Whenever Something Happens That Young Rebel To Call Back New Investments And You To  Take care and brother and younger brother and daughter and spend big money in this place, sons of death, you will be happy doing this here but you are needed here.  Then you will have to tell me every time that every human being should have realization, all this was my video to make me work that if you can't do it like this then I will spend all the money here and then this is my computer. Even today, if your child wants to go to a good college after 12th and that money will be spent, then start getting focused, increase it, not money, in 10-11-12, then get a zero cup and a bigger car.  Why were they bought? The expense was visible here, but if this expense is incurred, then someone related to him will give you an example. On the other hand, the tube of the contest is forced, do not create compassionate heads and tough situations which cold have been avoided in the first place. Suluto purist doing that you have to call these most of the times when the situation has not got bad or will get worse then the situation is very good  It becomes very difficult to refuse, that's it and in the morning I know that I told you the question was asked and on the spot like illness Sacrifice till date on my passport ever tell me see my back passport is lying empty till now I have not felt this time  It has been 10 years and it will expire if something else has happened then there is something else in my life, now that someone else is in my life then it is happening because nothing else has happened, these people do not understand that something is happening then this program  Don't do this, if you had gone then this would not have happened  If it was Everybody's Making a Choice I hope you will enjoy and share this video in the society so that this explanation which you cannot give with your mouth, you would tell this to everyone with my words and you would also make this video viral.  If one can do this much, then the creator who is coming up with such things should have some nature within him. According to me, I do not say this for every video to give emphasis, I am saying this to give a little emphasis, this is not the case either.  Somebody sleep you tell and you thank you