Studio Work on Your Weakness will try to break the system again by questioning what is taught, periods also speak, teachers also speak, on one stage everyone says you should look at your workiness, all this is good, very good.  But yours is bad, you need to work on date, so today I am addressing late people above 21 22 years 30 35 40  Okay and this is also a message for those people who work below you because sometimes you are in a boss position and you also talk that you need to work on this and so I am going to explain one thing to you today. You understand, try to understand, everything, they should not work on our weaknesses, this is why we should leave our weaknesses in isolation, every I am not talking about weakness of character and morality, and what I am saying is that I am spoiling your money.  I hope that I have distinguished the skills of earning and the other hand skills and the physics. It is okay if you do n't want to add those weaknesses in your life to other problems in your life. If you are okay then why should you not do it because it is on your side.  It is not your inclination that your strength will give you less money and success. Weakness will do nothing. No matter how many people you see, if they are successful then it is God 's body. Whatever your strength is, everyone has strength but we do not.  We do not focus on strength because we feel that if we have strength then we will take it to a slightly exceptional level. If we are at above average level on some of our strengths then comes the level Good. After Good then comes Good and Acceptor.  But only those who take it earn maximum money. You see that a doctor is good. There will be a difference between a good and an average person, so whatever you are good at, you should become the best, like me, teachers.  If I take a winner and understand something, then I tell him that like you are a teacher of history, history is very big, from Mohenjo Daro to your cute India movement and India's independence, everything is fine, it is not possible that whatever teacher he is. I called him Ancient Indian History, whether it is Medical History, whether it is Mughal time or British time, catch a particular period, no one knows more than him, he knows everything because you.  A small thing which caught your strength and by practicing it again and again, you can acquire so much in it that now no one knows that you have acquired it in that thing, now your demand will increase in life. I have given a simple example of this, you can extrapolate it to many things.  You can do it in anything, wherever you are, you can make your own roti or any Indian food, Mukhi food, Veg food, Non-veg food, a lot of variety, but some of them are very successful.  That he knew that one particular thing very well that this Rasgulla is made only by this system, no matter what the name of the food, it makes it the best, so that is naturally his strength, if you pay it to him.  Man lo, even if you don't make the dose, it gets stuck, then it is your weakness. Now your relatives are commenting. Weakness which is there in your life, even after overcoming it, people are still not going to reach anywhere. This D message means it cannot reach. Leave him alone, even he is not aware that he is doing makrapan, he has inherent talent or not, who knows his weakness can become strength if focus is given or something is not so much for him, but you children.  You will also start seeing patterns like your 14, 15 and 16 year old self has started showing that he is not getting good marks in maths, he is good only in psychology or is good in a particular subject, he is left brain.  He has a right brain and he starts seeing patterns. You cannot force him like you can force someone to be left handed and eat with the left hand. Now I have a left hand and a right hand.  If I am right handed, my left hand is weak, so I will reduce it, okay, I will do it, okay and something good will happen, I will start writing too, I will write somehow but  What is the fact that that is my time and energy, that is under different different conditions and different circumstances, mostly those who will be giving you advice, their strength will take you towards that because it is easy to give advice to them, they are parents like if father is good in one thing.  Well, he would like my child to do the same because he feels that I have strength, so I will make him stronger too or I will make him overcome his weakness and I will guide him to AIIMS.  Amount of Guidance Will Take Your Child Anywhere If He Basically Gives From There This is a little deeper thing going on I hope you guys understand that you have to take this career, you have to get married, you have to be the boss, this whole template is applicable in every circumstance.  Has any girl come to your house? Just like girls are also women, everyone has their own strength, some are good at wearing dresses themselves, some are good at keeping the house clean. Some of them also have their shortcomings, like someone who knows how to cook very good food, then see, now the one who knows how to cook very good food at home, take him to a logical level where he can be monetized, instead of making him do this to the lady. So, if you are not able to teach your children also, is it okay or else tell him that you should learn to drive less and go here, these are the basic things, you will have to do them, like if you know how to drive a car by one weekend, then you should do that, but now what is there in that? You have to reach the Formula Van level, you have to see that there is a level of expertise in everything, okay, driving is one, driving in a Formula van is okay, so driving in a Formula van is here and driving is here.  We have to achieve this level everywhere so that we can live a good life, but if we are at a weakness level that I cannot drive very well on the highway, then now it is necessary for me to have a driver.  It is possible that someone else in the family can go. You can always see your strength. Your wife's strength. Your child's strength. Even your parents who are sitting idle at home can also have their strength when you  Father and mother are giving a lot of knowledge. Tell them, why do you do consultation? What are you giving me? Bring a client, let's see. Father, you have such a mind, you will pay ₹ 100 for your consultation. Spend ₹ 50, spend a lot of money, then you will know because if you are a code- wise advisor, I give in different status of life, then if it is good, then someone will give money, then whatever, if any man is claiming that it is mine.  Son is my strength, then see whether he has monetized it, is he going to the level of formula van, is he at a higher level, is there a woman who cooks, encourage him so that he eats less.  Do this: A woman knows how to keep a house very well, encourage her, knows how to keep things very well so that she can monetize things, tell her about interior designing, somewhere there are finishing schools, there are ladies' coaching, there are consultations, somewhere a job is available to a woman. Now I know how to speak well, I have communication skills. It is good to speak well, but the strength remains in other things throughout the day. What are communication skills and normal Hindi? You grab one strength, in my death, that of an average person.  Whatever research I do, I observe people, I find many people have two to three strengths which can be known in 5 minutes when they talk, I can find out in 5 minutes by asking some questions.  Or by looking at him or by talking to him in general in the context of his questions or anything, within 5 minutes 2:00 to 3 strengths are visible. Weaknesses are visible, someone is carrying this thousand, what to do with it, if there are so many weaknesses. You, because what is your business? Whatever you are saying, the person who has nowhere to go, does not know how to drive, he is walking, his lack does not have to be overcome, he is in the middle, so the business also arose according to others, I think he is in poverty.  So remove this word weakness from your life. Everyone is carrying strength. We are carrying two to three strengths and then three strengths are more than that. To take us somewhere in our life, force us. If someone does not have that kind of memory.  ca n't remember things  If you study, then you cannot become an IAS. UPSC exam is simple, you can study for 16 hours and can stay at night and live a boring life. If these are the three strengths of someone, which can be there, then it should not be forced.  Those who do not read useless things from those who do not remember, now get confused in dates that even the Cute India Movement was in 4942 and there was Khilafat in 1930.  When was the partition of Bengal, when did the battle of Haldighati take place or if we go back in it, then this is this battle of the reason, which one is the one of Prithviraj Chauhan, it was the first one in 119192, it was someone else, right, it was on time, then the Khilji Cup, this is of Maharana Sanga.  When was the battle with Babar? Okay, when was the battle of Khanwa? It happened after a year of Panipat. Do n't you remember the first battle of Panipat? It's just that if it is not there then leave it friend, it's a weekend and someone else is a brother.  Sir, interest time, if she remembers me, then play the competition. She remembers the teacher's people very well. She also has presentation skills. She also speaks and gets recorded. You can play on YouTube. Whoever wants to play, do n't put in as much energy as you can.  Also energy, identify your strength, I am helping you in this matter, Avinash, I am telling you what can be done according to your saint, I am telling it to the children. According to the career, I am telling you the link of one of my apps, I will give it to you, Sangolize, there is an app of mine, I will give it to you, download the app, whenever it is not there, you will get a notification, add it, it will happen on weekends, whenever you  If you are watching this video regularly then things will keep coming in it. Anyway, those who join me directly on mobile will get to learn anyway. Every person has his strength, we have to play on his strength and if he sees it with time then please you down Everyone, write your strengths in the comment section. If I am in a mood then I will show him some new thing that should be done. Now do not write about strengths. It should be an exact strength [Music] It is okay to talk nice to people and do it to them.  Hard Worker Sincere and it's okay like this please share it with your friends and the app you will get you will find it in the description at the top of the comment section you will find the app download