Hello friends, today's topic is Star Startup. Startup has started. Some scan has been typed in Noida. Promise to organize a big event by doing this kind of startup. Children from all over the world came to start their startup. Very high fees, there were few and flops.  The show was a lot of police, the police came among them, will name it, Elon Musk will come to promote it, today Ani ji will come and how people become fools, they are made, now is not the time for knowledge, now is the time for funding, okay so on top of this  We will discuss that I want to give clarity to the war that you should or should not start a startup and what should not be done, what should be done, if not done, then the names of some influencers have also come in it, YouTube influencers have come, so now I have them.  If they name it wrong, correct it or initially they used the name, then they changed the name, so what I mean to say is that it has become a popular sentiment even on YouTube, which is easy to get a lot of subscribers, do it like this and do some startup yourself.  Fulfill your dreams, what can you do within your grasp, it is not so easy to do the world like this, by doing what I do, all the things go on, isn't it, one by one, so this Shark Time India is going very well is n't it because what happens when jobs are available.  If you don't feel like it then your mind needs an escape and you will go to the market to give that escape that brother, if it is not available then open this, it's okay, Baa Chaiwala Ba means the world is doing something, Baa, if the Chaiwala is gone then it should be Baa, meaning the Chaiwala.  There are so many mostly tea people  If the money is working, if you catch the total income of India, I am not talking about the people who are in any college, then get the maximum of the entire India, their earning per capita will probably be less than that of the tea seller, but now let's come.  On the question whether you should start a startup, the answer is yes, you should not do it, you should not do it at all in the beginning, you neither have the hunger for worldliness nor do you know about all the things, just your text, oh brother, you have an IIT degree, you have it in you absolutely.  some of that water  Then it is not necessary for you to take advice, it is not necessary to know Noida, it is not necessary to attend anyone's lecture, Savinay Winner, so you people do it, here I am addressing those who are 99% people, one percent, who are family members, something is going on.  When you have to deliver in the same way, don't follow them, every person thinks that I am in that category, you are my audience, so you too have a chance, 99% of you are in this category, do something in the beginning, do it yourself.  Do it alone, do something that doesn't involve any money, that does n't involve any loss, in which you do n't need anyone else other than yourself, that is, six people, you know, you took money from dad and mom, then I will take seat funding, then I will take that funding, then I will take that funding. It will be round one round you don't do it so soon just because you go three four five six story of people in there 225 wali jo chalti hai den me in de whole world hes tu ko it's jo  About probability, if people are going in this way, then five out of them will be successful or not, see what you mean, the chase of this guy is very difficult, the world knows it, but the story of it is difficult, remember that the star starts, I am telling you about it.  Now what to do, in the coming time I will give some such topics and such history where there will be a job in it, I don't know what it will be, keep this name for later, money is the thing, people wish, what is wrong in India? respect is kept  Is it very important or not? Respect is very important. Money is said to be important but respect should be seen. If we have to make something in this matter, then I will have some startup. I will listen to the story of peace to the world, to father, to mother, to relative, to future father-in-law, to wife, to girlfriend. In this matter, there are very few people who reduce Adwise quintals. I will make a video on them in the future which are not even mentioned much and that is my next video. If you want, if it is like this.  If you want a job then write it in a slightly different way, also write a name, a dog, in a slightly different way, then I will understand. You must write it in the comment area, then I will give him clarity on the matter, okay, this is not in the name of a startup. Run it, note it, extremely easy, note it, note it and the difficulty is even higher than that, just think about it, no, you are also motivating us, no one in your family has done it, how to get GST number first. How are DDI numbers? What happens to corporate affairs? It takes some time. Don't be in such a hurry. Government should encourage you. Government also has to release some balloons. The situation of guru reservation is not matching here. The noise of jobs is not matching, says the government. Do it yourself, take it, do it, so that if you are not there, then if you don't do it, you have failed. We had told you to do it, so all these are ready, this is a release, it does not mean that it should be done easily.  It will take 2 4 5 years to do something, meet people, then ideas come on their own, then scale up happens in another way, what are you five people doing? Don't mess around, want to expand pan India directly, want to expand pan state, want to expand in your locality first.  So try whatever you are, 50 houses ahead, you have a network and circle of 50 people, friends, relatives, see, you are reaching Noida from Siliguri directly.  What is happening from Bengaluru to Noida is correct because this idea will also work that today sir I have to say again and again that gold is not being extracted, it is okay, there are many companies extracting gold, so the money that is spent between shower and jeans is the same.  There has been a lot of work, you understand that there was a gold rush in America in the 19th century, so in the beginning there was so much company involved, everyone is doing it if you are doing it because of this. In People Bill Come and Everything Bill Get Delhi, it is not that their content was very great at that time or you are great but just you are their effect, like you, channels like mine are a little old, this one is the second channel, the bigger channel is a little more old.  So I have disadvantages from them but the one who is starting today has an advantage because whatever space is there is becoming very competitive, so the earlier a person starts, he has an advantage. Now you will tell him some advice, it would be good for you. If yes, then I will start right now like on D can open open any YouTube channel it is me note that you have bill, you have some expert, some inside, some skill set, something banana, something or You have connected all the dots in what you are saying right now, you are going to take funding directly, if someone opens his company tomorrow, do not take funding so soon without that, even if he is going to go. 10 20 50 Towards 100 crores, you will initially take funding at one crore, then it will not reduce, who knows, if your product fits and like me you get 50% equity in 50 lakhs, then what is the benefit, meaning hard work, your ID, your everything.  If you have sent some more equity so quickly, then if you don't want to do it there so quickly, then you must be patient and do it, I am not saying that you should never do it at all, you should definitely do it, but you will figure it out further.  If the experience is good, then absorb the things and experience in the initial time and I will make the video which I will give you in a half story and after making this one, I promise it will be released in two or three days. One of my ideas is okay, it will be a little more for women, fox inside it is okay but it will be good, it is a very big idea of ​​mine because recently I had told that thing to 15-20 people in my pet consultation and everyone  She is going on a hit, that means the success rate is above 90%, there is something witch like this, the success rate is more like 90%, I will release her to you in the next two to three days, but my request is that please add a little curiosity to her. This please they want you no debt, it seems a bit like yes they would like to know that there is no investment of ₹ 1 in it, there is no investment of ₹ 1 in it, ₹ 1 is just money and investment is not ₹ 1  It is not that some brother is a plane, this money is not ₹ 1, it is not ₹ 1, so the person telling is not getting anything, neither is he telling about such things in the market, okay, even though I will not tell too much, okay, but this I will definitely tell you about it, okay?