Hello friends, it is a very interesting topic. Should you lend your car to a friend? It may be a very boring topic but I bring such topics in the society which remove the awkwardness of the society and give clarity and these are the real issues. Otherwise, it is very normal.  The man will say, what is it, friend? It is a car, it is friendship, it is yours, it is your wish, give it, but brother, many people have questions, I know yours.  I know the audience that these videos are not made by anyone, they are not being made anywhere and people enjoy it because it is a subject of great pain, so the answer is that unless and until there is some grave emergency, what can we discuss?  It ca n't happen You should not give your car One I say car It can mean some other things also Not like this, then our friendship Is made to buy a car Is it boring?  People don't get Rolla, do n't get drivers, don't get taxis, people take people's cars and take a good car and say, we will visit Kullu Manali, give it in your car and in shyness, there is no refusal even because that car is actually parked and can also be driven.  No, this is also a fact, there is no issue of money and he says that I will put the diesel petrol but brother, don't give anyone's car, in its practical nature, I tell you, first of all, there is no one for any car.  Even if he has an accident, you have seen the Pune case where the father had to go, no, he was not a child, no, even if there is no child and he was driving under the influence of alcohol, then the vehicle will be registered in the name of the person, brother. Many people have registered the name of women.  But the car is taken from Gudi, it is taken in the name of someone in the family, it is a member of your family and you have handed over the car to someone, so this is a practical aspect, tell me, friend, I am not comfortable, no, I have to go only here.  Very  Friendship is a great friend, tell me brother, hang me like this, you are in so much trouble that I need a car, tell me I will take you as a driver or if you have a driver, then give it to me along with the driver, but never to anyone.  Don't give a blanket like this. First of all, you should not ask for it from anyone. If you ask for my audience, I had made a video earlier also to save the frequency. You should stay at a relative's house. I hope you liked it a lot, if it is okay then this one.  What I want to tell you is that brother, when you have availability, spend your money, don't save it. Now let's assume that there is a minor damage to his car, the light loot is broken, the car can also be stolen. Why are you taking extreme measures?  Why are you taking his taxi, the taxi driver knows the routes, there is no issue of parking, there is no issue of accident, you are sitting safely in the car and God forbid something happens, but some scratches are saved, some come although professional.  Chances are very less in taxi, it is fine, he has a professional driver, he has a driver, you will not get tired, you do not have to go anywhere, it is fine, you will not have any issue of parking, you can go from anywhere to anywhere, you can order it anytime and today.  In big cities, it is available anywhere. My audience is mostly from big cities, which I define generally, but even in small cities, things are available, but this one has to take a car and go to others. Which city is like this?  You me  Tell me the names of small cities where you do not get a taxi or there are no taxi drivers and every type of vehicle is available, from small to big, small, expensive, cheap, meaning you can take every type, so why are you asking for someone's car?  You are giving it to someone, it is not worth it, get it legalized, brother, you have a lot of money, he has a lot of money, he has blood relations, if you live together in the family, then you should give it by all measures, you should give it to your parents.  You should give it to your brother, you should give it to your sister, you should also give it to your brother-in-law, I would say okay, you can go to your brother-in-law, but don't give it to your friend, I am guiding the youngsters, there is no point in giving it to a friend. Friend can do any scandal with him and there is no guarantee of it, he was taking a girl, was drinking alcohol, okay and youngsters have to speak a lot and blanket and he will say, you are not my friend, friend.  Friendship depends on you not letting me take your car and I don't want to comment much on that friendship because till when will you share what will you share because there is no limit to the extreme love, he will ask for anything from you tomorrow, then you will understand.  What am I saying? No, you do this to me, you are my brother, you do this to me, you do this, well, most of the time these days, the friendship of youngsters is also going on like this and many people are like this, as I have seen, psychology is the only son.  go  If he is an only child, it becomes a boy, a girl and there is no sibling. I have seen this psychology. Tell me, if you have brought the bat for identification, then only he is being batted. Those friends are buying toys because he is the only child, so then the parents have some responsibility.  Pampering happens because there is no system of sharing resources, there is no teaching to the other, no burning of clothes, then the first one gets some extra things, if two children are normal, then he does not get it.  It becomes a habit since childhood, many people keep giving their cars to maintain their friendship and the car is hard earned from your money or maybe it is a gift given by father, you do not have to give it at all and decorate it absolutely.  If you want to keep it, tell me friend, I have a hygiene issue, I can't give such a car, brother, I have seen it, friend, I have seen it, what is the meaning of observation, tell me in consultation or anyway, you took the car, drank alcohol, let's spit.  No car was saved, no police case was registered, nothing was saved, no scandal happened, but brother, one had drunk so much, that is, he vomited in the back side, he made dirt, dirt, dirt, now you will speak, friend, you are bringing so many practical things through video.  Actually, there should be no need for me to make all the videos, I have complete clarity but this clarity is for the youth, they say no, I am sorry, sorry, you will show displeasure, okay, okay, take 00  It's good to get it washed, it's okay, I'll get it washed. It ends like this. If you give a car, you give a favor. It always ends like in a thankless manner only. If you give it once, if you don't give it next time, then you're done. Give another thing once. I gave it to him and he came to know that I had given it to him, then he will also ask for it, this also becomes a strange thing because once it is known whether so and so is Rohit's or Neha 's right.  Is the car available? Go there, he gives it or she gives the car. She is a good girl, she is a good boy, so just let me know once in the friend circle. I am coming please give me yo Guardi. I am coming please give me a car can I go?  If you are a guard for this thing, I can do it, then you should spread this video to those who are travelling, from whom vehicles are being sought, and those who are not doing so, and will do so in the future, if you spread it generally, then what will happen from it?  Your opinion will show that you endorse this point of view of mine. The next person who knows you will know that brother, don't ask for this, so many people like my videos, I am releasing them, although they do not ask to subscribe to the channel. You guys, you guys want to have exclusive access to all my knowledge by making it yours which I used to think earlier but brother increase it man I my my channel deserves to grow at a faster place yes it  It is growing, it is not stagnating, it is growing, but why not faster, help me a little, you will help me like this, you will like, comment, brother, there is a lot of content, it is not going to end, petrol is not going to end, here you will do like this, I will take more practical.  I will come if this kind of content will be appreciated. My aim here is to liberate people from the problem of judgment and I myself am happy with the practical one.  And happiness is nothing but absent of tribulation and sorrow. Absent of sorrow and tribulation and bitter and frustration, we can call it happy and happy. Happiness is absent can be a state of neutralism. There is no judge for me, no car was given to me, you are not my friend.  Katti said Katti, I am not going, I am not giving, give me a pen, don't give in pen, if you don't give in mobile, then you will not give anything, then how come we are not ready to accept friendship, that friendship is not even practical.  These days, I have seen that friendship of all the youngsters is based on giving or taking, no, I will give him a car, then when I go there, I will use his car, no, you too, don't use his, do it, he also will not use you, no, then how will the world run like this?  It will work very well, it will work very well, there are a lot of resources, these hotels, these taxis, all this is built for this reason only, no other people, no, leave me there, you are going in this direction, he is saying, leave me there, what is the region, why do you do youth?  Yes because your time has no value, if you are earning money at Rs 2000000 or Rs 0000 or Rs 40000, if you are doing something then you should value your money. You say, friend, this will waste my one and a half hour, you take this Rs 800. Go in your taxi, how much does the taxi cost? Inter city 200 400 500 600 800 1000  1200 1500 Okay, if you want to go from Gurgaon to Noida, then how much do you tell me? Write to me. I don't travel much in off-late taxis, but you tell me what will be the rate. If you hit the limit, what will be the rate? Now tell me brother, why are you bothering me?  Will my car run on air? Does my time have zero value? Go, why should I give you a lift? We are exactly on the same route, we are going there, there will be no waste of time, so it's okay, the other way is me. Pick it up from here and you are waiting for it. The main message through all this I am saying is conserve. Learn to say no first of all to things and learn to conserve your time and energy both are limited and even money. Money is  Also not unlimited to the youth, you are not earning that much that means I will spend it on everything, so I hope you got clarity from this. Comment  In the section you will get some good workshops on pre- marital consultation for relationship. If you want to buy it then definitely buy it. If you want to become a member of the channel then definitely subscribe the channel. Like and share. Thank you very much.