Hello friends, this video is very interesting, it is a very common question, there is youth on Clarity, so I am giving the name of the channel to Clarity Youth, from the middle of this video, if you identify with it then it is very good and if you do not, then you will know from it what advice.  Honey, if you want, because my aim and intention is to make you all the consultants as well as you were the templates, I am giving some free in the series, some I will also give to the members, I am giving it to the members, I am the winner. You can also take membership of Youth on Clarity by pressing the join button. So today's topic is Should you join your father's business and do a job? If I say it more openly, then why should you join your father's business and do a job?  No, because brother, I am here to tell the society according to what is happening, the doctor does not have this choice, it is an eccentric affair, the second thing is that here I am the business, that is Mukesh.  Ambani and Adani ji are not taking it, so keep joining them, you will do it and you should also do it, there are no questions here today, when I am talking about business, I am talking about business, I am talking about small business. Small business will give you clarity on this, where this question arises, if father is doing a business of Rs 100 crore and you are getting a job worth Rs 2 lakh, if your father is getting it, then he is a businessman worth Rs 100-200 crore.  If you join then don't ask questions. If this question is being asked then it means touch and co or only then it is being asked then you have to understand that first of all my videos are second third order, you know it is okay otherwise what happens many times.  He has order thinking, what the old people are doing, they take away all the fun, we new people say, hey, what will you do, why won't you do business, brother, it depends, is it a plate business, is the poor guy in the middle of a vegetable or some factory in a ship?  Rakhi has been prepared to give a tyre. 500, 1000, 2010, it depends on the amount of thousand crores, so we will take it here as touch and that is also it can do this, it can also do this, which one should be done, what should be the template in both of them so that our decision making can be done which will give us the answer.  If we get a clear cut that we have to join father's team, then there will be a discussion on this, he is 25-26 years old, he is ahead of 21 to 25, only then the question arises that  What should be done, this is okay, then in this future, father's normal bill is B 47 48 4850, whatever this is, whatever will be in front of father and child, then if you look at father, he has a lot of time in front to reduce it till 60 years. Business people only do the job, they can also make money and don't answer, so that is the time, not so fast, means they can take decisions. Now you have to see that if you have to tighten two things, I will tell you very logically and I will tell that also.  I will also tell you what exactly needs to be done. Did you get your child to do some studies, is it related to business, did he get him to study business or engineering, or are you doing an engineering degree, or are you in the middle of a good life, or is it merchandise?  I wonder whether that addition is adding value. First of all, if it is adding value, then it is a very good thing. If you also have a restaurant and have done hotel management in it, is it okay or something like this?  If value is being added then it is a very good thing that he will be completely consumed because if you probably want to keep him as an employee then the same Note D child, then that is an easy answer but I am not easy, I will enter into difficult things also.  People, the second thing is that you have to understand that if the child is getting a job and he will enter into a stable job, then in the second half it may cost 60-70 thousand.  And his stable income which will be there in two to three years is Rs. 1 to 20 lakhs. Okay, so if he is joining his father's business and his father's business is ₹ 5 lakhs per month, it gives profit as expected on a regular basis.  What is the basis? Due to his joining, that profit is going to be Rs. 6.5 lakhs. If it is happening then only auspicious join de father business because there will be learning in it and there is own business and that dead lakh rupees which works here.  There too he is earning less and the value addition is more but if the business is ₹ 5 lakh and the work is only five out of five and father is getting relaxed that brother, I have reduced a lot Munna, now you be careful and father.  Out of those 5 lakhs, I am not going to give that boy 20-30-40 thousand in my pocket. What else do you need brother? If you get married in 23 years, 24 years, I will give you 40 if this one is less. If the boy is listening to me then don't join brother, father's bhajan, first you give yourself a job, do it yourself first and you show me that you understand that I have the capability, first tell yourself that I have the capability, that is why it is necessary for you to do the job.  You have gone into this question that if your life is not leading to growth in the business, then what is the use and when will father understand this thing, if you say it carefully, it is called disguised unemployment in the language of economics, how is that?  Let me tell you, if there is a farm in the village but two people are reducing it, now the third brother is also useless and is not reducing it. Must be his age or he is not getting a job. He also came to reduce it, so now he is reducing it.  But if that farm was giving ₹ 2 lakh to the mother, then will it be reduced to ₹ 4 lakh with the addition of her brother, because in a farm there is no limit on the crop and there is a retirement, you cannot add 50 people in such a farm. yes if only of two height  The line is your parcel and if it is not unlimited then this India is traveling in it. In this, the man feels that he is an employee. The society feels that he is an employee but there is no productivity. This is a disease and employment. He understands caste very well in economics. Everything is fine, I am explaining it here, watch it from the middle of the channel, it is free and you can understand it well, there is no need in life to survive in big schools and colleges, in great detail and  If you want to understand it better, then you can take membership of the channel there and you will get clarity through Veena, but we will come back to this point that if I want to do value add, then my income from 5 lakhs is not going to be 6.5 lakhs.  If your father goes to relax then don't do this because it is possible that this boy will keep doing a job worth Rs 2 lakh, there are many more promotion combinations which are in consultation.  More videos will come, you have to watch it in every situation, it is a very good video in which there are two brothers, brother and sister and what is the story, there is a daughter-in-law, that too will come, there will be tadka, now it is not so easy to say yes or no because what happens many times.  I will also tell you that it is okay so he has got a job and his wife does not want to do the job. She is getting a job worth Rs. 30-40. So father-in-law has some power in his business. In this, father-in-law can relax a bit and this is something.  There is the power of education and then by applying this mind and awakening the conscious mind and conscience, it can be done, take the business a little higher, maybe because it was in its 30s and 40s, in 30-40 it will go here, it will go there, if it is its own, then there is less of a home in it.  It is possible that if she goes there, it is possible that the daughter-in-law has come to the house, she is the queen, she does not have the capacity to tell her mother, she is not in the mood, or she is not a mother, or she wants to do something of her own, so she is doing something of her own by going there. Censor purpose is being served.  Is  And the family is also happy that the daughter-in-law has come, right, it means putting in and giving, right, she is involved in the household and right, it is also adding value and everyone in the family will like this, but there is another aspect of it which I have told in the house.  I have seen that father has a business, now that business is a legacy business, it is not such a sexy business, mother, take someone's small cardamom business in Chavadi market, so now it is not that we sell phones, we sell iPhones, so much so.  It is not the one, okay, these are such businesses which the generation is ashamed to speak, there are many such businesses in the name of all of us, neither will I do this business nor will I do that, but you can understand, okay mother, you mean bra.  This is panty business only, I will give half an example late. It is going well. What do you do? Yes, this is a shop, what kind of bra do you wear? Till date, I have not understood that man is equal till date, meaning society. Well, our conservative is a relief, but such a business.  are fine  Yes, this is our shop, it is in Sadar Bazaar, what is that shop number along with? Ladies, first they send ladies items, which cosmetics are not there, then when they come to know, the boy says, I don't know, it's okay, then that.  He is late after working and does not come. Now father is like this, what is happening now, what is happening in this, what I was trying to tell was the catch, there are two boys, one like, he got fired from the job, the other one is a little worthless or fickle Gehlot story, nothing happened to him, that father. If he sits at the shop, then brother because in consultation and this conflict resolution also comes many times. What is the price of the shop itself, two and a half to three crores, if the caste is there, if the owner is a good one.  It is a city and the location is good. Tell me what is the value of the shop in Qila Road Rohtak. Are you from Rohtak or any other city? This kind of old shop is in the old market. Don't ask about the origin of this mall.  As for this, everyone will come, okay, so many times, does he become the Chaudhary on the default setting, he becomes the second brother and at the same time, I am not doing anything there either, now he is being called mother, not being called, there is relief in the house half the time.  Someone takes mom to the temple, someone takes mom to the hospital, then there is relief in front of dad, he becomes an alcoholic, he goes to business, he is doing nothing, he is not doing anything, and dad has a business to feed the society, but he is the Chotu of the house, he is the Ramu, he is the Chotu.  kind of g  Will help, now he does not have any problem in reducing all these because he knows that he has talent in this, he will also take money in it, he will also come back after wandering, then he will also get married, and then he will maintain good relations with his younger daughter-in-law under compulsion in the defaulter setting.  If you did not understand that the elder one was gone or the elder one was not good, then now this happens in the story, the elder one is released after 10-20 years, which was being made as Chaudhary, right? 1 1/2 2 In a job worth Rs 3 lakhs, the same person working in a sub business bra pantry is paying Rs 5-67-8 lakhs per month. This has also been seen because I am giving him clarity, here I am giving it from every aspect, not just one. If I am the only boy, then that template will come - boy is girl, girl is girl, there are many permutation combinations to increase, there are so many that many times templates are given in connection with the winner, but even for free, the video comes. People have to create and curiosity, decision making has to be done and as far as the matter is concerned, today I want to tell a secret about the war and if clapping is done on this then it will be shared. Okay, people say that it is not fun, I don't.  I don't like to do it, it is not fun, friend, there is no joke in less. When money is good then I do n't like other vices. At least someone should do less about garbage collection. You guys.  Who knows how much money is in it?  He is that Kabaddi person, I will someday tell him an iconic model of Kabaddi people, businessman Jhula and real estate king, I will make a video by doing this, how did I make it and on that, I have given this concentration to a lot of people, Rakhi is a mischievous person, no problem.  No, by the way, I will tell you, I will tell you in some form, I will explain to those who are my pet subscribers, remember me in some webinar and give me your heart, friend, you told the story in the video, if not, then tell me that.  I will tell you, okay, but I can definitely give you a hint that if you do n't like this desire, if you don't express it then money is taken away, then this becomes a fashion, passion is nothing, passion also starts later and money also starts later, okay.  So this money comes either automatically or you don't like it, I am telling you to get hold of such money which you are very passionate about and in that the money is not like a mirror or the growth of money or the money kills you, then I ask for how many days will you spend less.  for less money  Let's learn this thing once, fashion story and take it out in relationship, take it out in travelling, be passionate in spirituality, whoever is in something else, whatever money is in less, there is no reason to be passionate in less, there is nothing in less, there is money in less.  The day you learn war, it will be settled, but why is the war going on? I am not enjoying it and you are not enjoying anything. The things that you actually enjoy are doomed, they will end, so just enjoy them.  So  Then keep doing the same less, now addicts enjoy taking drugs, so first thing is that you enjoy whatever thing you do, you can do this, you come to know at the age of 36 and get it at 42, I will tell you because then astrology and its origin.  This clarity will go and it happens many times, please remind me of 36 42 also, if you guys add it without me, then we freeze this template, here is a simple template if  If you join, there is more growth in the business, but sir, as much salary as you get, then please go to Jain business in this, but if you are getting salary of 2.5-3 lakhs and the business is not even 50000, then please do your job, date it. Message: If life is simple, now the question is very complex, caste and there are too many variables in it, two brothers, brother sister, this, constipation, this, doing this, shop becoming his, shop when in job. Elder brother had thought that at that time the shop was worth Rs 20 lakhs, after 20 years the shop would be like a jackal, now he is a jackal, he has never earned anything, his savings in the job are only Rs 80 lakhs, Rs 70 lakhs and he  You had to consider Turram special and now brother, if I sit in the shop, my saree will be mine, this can also happen, so be very clear about what you have to take tomorrow, how to take it, but you have to take it in a pragmatic way.  There were only two templates, see that brother, from this and from this and where there is a child and a boy, the thing is simple as I explained to you. If you have any reason or any other promotion combination in this, if you want to hear and understand then please.  Please write 'Thank you very match' in the comment area.