Hello friends, today's topic is should one do short term investment and long term investment, it comes in the form of short term long term investment, no one should see it in long term, not short term, these are the terms to fool us. Will cross from day to day, I always give a different good perspective. There is already a video on the channel for mental model and decision making and always watch share market. Invest si have tu investing jab tak hai jaan but it means that after making that one investment you forget it and never change it. To invest, we have to invest in anything, it has to remain in the thing till the story of it. No further, I have to get out of this investment date investment rate, it was like short term only, brother, there was no benefit in it, I have to stay invested for long term but in between I will come out of this.  I can do left and right, then people perform weather it is real estate and stock market. In real estate, have you ever heard that it will come here like this, there it will be like this, Norman will be oil, Radha will dance, have you heard the saying, then it will be like this, it will be like that Norman.  Brother, if there is no oil then sell it and monitor it. What do people do? Psychology of long term. Thought, there is some asset class, there is lion, there is mutual fund, there is real estate, there is battery and said, I will look at it for 20 years.  Otherwise, when things start going wrong, neither the people who have invested in it, like you, are seeing it as if the story is changing a bit or the initial story is not getting played out, those who are making assumptions.  They are not playing out, these people go out, you people are in your world, long term, long term, Lal Lal, change is taking place here, after that bye time, do you have any world, brother, this has happened, you will say, oh no, otherwise it is long.  It was for the term, tell me again, you have to leave, by then everyone came to know that now no one is going to buy from you, so the wise man is always in the market, you are in the market for a long term life, term you don't get married.  If you invest even in marriage, then till the time you have the life of all the seven births, no, no, no, whenever sir, whatever you thought, you are not playing out the time, you move on and what do you have to do in that, whenever you invest, you  Not only monitor these, your radar is running in other places also that someone else is getting good, someone else is getting good and someone else is getting good. If you get something good, then consider all of them like a garden and take them out. Water your flowers. What do people do? They give water to their video. This rate has reduced, I will give water now, it will increase and if you take four paise less in the flower, then you plug the flower. If it is the opposite, then you have to buy those stocks in that company for the long term.  In real estate, where the cash flow remains high, some story or the other is going well, if you have deposited it in the bank, you have deposited it in a paint company, in a company selling products to someone, then everything is going well, its debt is under control.  Corporate governance is fine, product is fine, cash flow is increasing quarter on quarter, if not half yearly, revenues are increasing, there are no losses, there are free cash flows, business is doing well, the company is playing out the story that was your jumption. promised  We had said that we will do the same, this is our vision, this is the position, so everything is going well, but you have to monitor it, you cannot do it like this, I just did it and I did not want to see anything, mutual will not reach anywhere by doing it like this.  There is a lot of confusion even among the funds, if the mutual fund is not performing then it will open another mutual fund and then it will perform a little, make the smaller one perform.  And it remains easy, I will tell the government every time that it should not allow more than five mutual funds, one big cap, midcap, small cap, something with hybrid data, each one of them is opening 100-100, 200-200, what does it mean?  He is buying stocks, check the first 10, he will get 30% of the money, first 10, first 20, 50% of the money and then the last one.  50% of the money is in 50 stocks, various averages of van to van point of, where will we get the retention from this, it is not multiplying, if people do not do anything, then do not even invest in mutual fund, but this mutual fund has done right, not by doing. Can you people say no, I do n't have time, if not, then money is a wish, there is no time, you have to waste time in talking, doing social media, if you want to reduce everything, then you don't have time to learn.  Pass, it is just told to you that you outsource it to Advise. If a person manages it in his own way then there is nothing wrong if he understands the tricks of trade because you have a lot of control when the market is not doing well and money is not being withdrawn or put in.  If you want, then you can do it in your news and what is happening in mutual funds, even if you want to invest, the world is just going out and no one is investing money and the fund manager has to sell good stocks at low rates to propose them.  There is no time, this is what happens in the market, the fool accepted short term, remove long term from your life, you have to be an invested life, no, it has to be called long term, long term and long term and investment is there only till the time. Your investment piece is working out. The investment thesis has been running for 15 years. For the Titan example, you will have to hold on to the next one only then you will get a hundred.  But if you go then don't look at 10x and 100x. We have to see whether that investment, the investment thesis, the story, is playing out or not, or has there been a change in it, has there been a change in the business environment or in the business.  There will be a change or there will be a change in the management or in the intentions of the management or in the product that now you feel that the story will not work then you should leave and you are feeling that no.  Man, by making all these positive changes, he is making something or the other, earlier he was making jewellery, now he is also making spectacles, now he is doing this also, now he is doing something else too, so tell me as an example, like an example of something.  If it is necessary to take then if such a thing is playing out in your life then you should keep going then there is no short term or long term and if you had invested the money now and after 2 months you came to know that this is this.  If it was then there is no need to wait for long term because someone told you that you should invest for long term, it is not like this, you take out your cut, learn and cut your losses, many times wrong decisions are taken in life.  No more decisions because when any stock comes from ₹ 100 to ₹ 10, it does not come in a day, from 100 to 90, it comes from 90 to 80, from 80 to 70 again.  It remains at 60, then falls to 40, then comes back like this, and the man in it says long term, long term, long term, then why should I sell even for 40, then why should I sell even for 30, why should I even ask for 20?  If it goes to 10, then when the story is over and there is a noise shot, then you get out of it, whenever you get realization and always remain in the market. Keep watching Rai's loss from Office Ice.  What is happening where you have put it, nothing happens by doing buy and forget, people will teach, explain, buy and forget, nothing happens in life, you have to monitor this happening and if it is doing well, you have to monitor, high it is doing, monitor date same.  Because date same can change same is changing de first time sign of change should be B R Ambedkar Attention is not there, attention came only when I reached here then when you go to sell everyone has come to know  It is not worth buying, then you are stuck, even in real estate, this happens with people, this happens in many places, it is okay, so please try in life that this does not happen to you, like the channel, subscribe, stay tuned, thank you very much video  Share Thank You