Hello friends, one question which is asked to me a lot is by the youth Guruji, should I go abroad or should I not go? So should you go abroad and should you not go, there is a discussion beyond that, my view point is also off late due to many reasons.  What has changed are my sources, I do webinars, workshops and consult NRIs. I consult many NRIs.  There are marital disputes, there is recording of property, there is regarding investment, there are very detailed discussions and after consultation, there is a chit chat of 10 to 155 minutes asking what is going on and all and many a network. I am very interested in that, I have done research for this question in the last six months before making the video and now I am telling you this video as per July 2024 because dynamic  When things change in the world, then this answer has to be understood in a good sense, the answer to every question is not the same, the answer to each question is different depending on who you are, sometimes what happens is that should I go abroad, so I am sharing the video here.  If yes then dozen means that it is a for everybody it will the answer will depend on first of all who you are so let's discuss who you can be  Who are you who want to go abroad? Who can you be? You can be from a poor family, you can be from a very poor family, you can be from a middle class family, you can be from a rich family, these are the four five parameters which are the rich people.  They know everything, they do not need consultation, they all have a set pattern, their father also went to college, they also know that people like Ake belong to political parties, they will come and go, they have a lot of them, they have that system, okay, I would like to address here.  To the core audience which is the middle class, if you are ultra poor then like you are going but the only thing I would say is don't go on the dinky route, go in a clean manner is a better thing so in the middle class my new take is now Chot I have started telling people that if you are hearing that you should go to a foreign country, which country to go and how to go will be a topic of discussion but definitely go because you will earn more money from India and the quality of life will be better from India. Don't start putting patriotism in it, especially friends who can't go like I am, I still have a lot of reasons for not being able to go, but if I get to go or get to stay or the place gets cleared then there is no such problem for me if you see this.  No, you have to do Namaskar only to friends, like Dhruv Rathi ji, he is doing it sitting in Germany, okay then go and do it friend, do it anywhere, friends, you have to do Namaskar, this is a sofa, brother, in Gurgaon, in Rohtak. In Jind In Dubai In Switzerland In Zori In New York How does it make a difference for most of the stuff Ch I do infact all the stuff Chch I do a dozen make a difference Ok I will explain my case study separately to you guys sometime but why A Youngster Should Go Let's discuss beyond that, it is better to prepare for the exam in India between 21 to 35 years than going to a foreign country or a developed country.  Go and struggle with one eye, important people always make it a medium of study and come with four or five countries, one is US, one is popular, one is Australia, one is Canada and one and a half is some other country, if you count, then you are not able to go there.  Then give up the dream of going. I am saying that a country like Tajikistan, I talked about it, like I will have to take the exam of some, now it does not come in this circuit, this circuit is Australia, Singapore, US Canada, children go there also.  Own  They are earning very good money by going to travel agency and are very happy and that is enough, I am not telling you exactly about one country, I am telling you that you can go anywhere, open your survey, open your eyes and ears, I want one crore. If our children go in the next two years, the biggest benefit will be that these 1 crore children who go in two years will invite 4 crore more children in the next three years because one child is linked to at least four children.  f in the terms  Off Kinship Cousins ​​Brothers Sisters Younger and Elder Plus Friends Everyone has one or two close friends and at least two brothers and sisters. I am telling you by mixing cousins, like close cousins, maybe there will be only one, but if you add cousins ​​then you will have four.  If these 5 crore children of India go away, then 20 crore people will benefit because there are four people in every family, so there will be a per capita benefit on GDP. Look at the story of Kerala. This is the model of Kerala.  Today there is no industry in Kerala, no manufacturing, there is a tourist system, everything is going on like this outside the Middle East and there is no harm in it because the Indian government will come and say no, this is not the case and there is no employment in India. And it's better that you go out in your 20s because once you're married with kids it becomes difficult muh utha ke aisi  It is not possible when you are in If you are listening to me if you are 21 22 23 24 25 30 then your parents are 55 56 years old meaning they are young your father may still not have retired from his  Job If You Are Less Than 30 And Your Mother Is Also Relatively Younger She Does Not Have Diseases  If you have come, you are not married, if they can support you, then the experience from outside will definitely be useful. I am not saying at all that you should leave the country, do not look back and settle there. I am saying that today's  During the day, if I board a bus from Sector 17, Chandigarh, to reach Gurgaon, I have to come to Delhi via Delhi Bus Stand, it takes seven to eight hours from there, the distance is nothing, fast bus also runs but there is jam in between.  The bus gets stuck even if there is a stand and stops and it takes so much time. It seems that I have measured it, that is why I am saying that if my Chandigarh Gurgaon is ready in seven-eight hours, then brother, if I can come from London in such a late time, then what is the problem?  It is only a game of money, time wise, where is the distance? Today, see the country from far away, how far is it. If you are coming to Delhi by train from Bangalore, then reach in more time, or not in too much time.  Compared to any place in the world, if you come to Jha Sehi, you cannot come there by train, then the concept of this is far away should be removed because the whole game is of tickets and money, it is okay if you do not come every day, then at least every day.  If someone does not come from Bangalore then it is okay so there is no need to worry about going but there should be a plan that I will go and do it. It is not necessary to get a job but you can go and search for it and work and many people have said this to me.  Discussion takes place with the core group and with other people, some people say that youngsters say this, they say that India is so good, everything is cooked, Zomato comes to the house, time is saved, maid comes, time is saved, I am also like this.  I used to think about the benefits but when you talk to a lot of people, sometimes it does n't work to think of yourself as a fool. I consider myself very smart, but I find that a good thing about me is that I do n't consider others as fools. Understanding you is always a good thing, if you get to learn something from others, that is also a very good thing, so when others told me this, I too used to say the same, Guruji, tell me one thing, your time gets saved, how much time would have been saved. I said, what is left for me, but the world says, I only eat a little from the cook's hand, do a little special thing, but I let's leave, the gentry are left, those who order, say let's save it, they say yours is one and a half, two and a half.  Hour  Where does the traffic go in jams and to which account it goes, it is said that we have so much open work here, in most of the places there is almost everywhere where a person himself wants to walk, go shopping, eat and do all that and in that he will get exercise in the same.  There will be entertainment in it, the work of eating is also done in our country, the video which is being made now, it is the time of rains, you can watch it, going to work, going to a job, going to an outing, liquor, watching a movie, liquor, eating at home.  It is better if it comes only on paper, if it is put in the mouth, it is better then brother, the air is not good, the water is not good, the electricity is not known, such medical issue, crowd everywhere, garbage everywhere, fighting in the parking lot, all the troubles. Hey, do n't call us unpatriotic.  Go brother, I am making a patriot, go out, earn money, make India rich, prepare for exams in India, which of your India is getting rich, if it is happening, then tell me, you are not doing anything, tomorrow you will earn four paisa, you will give one paisa at home.  There will be a trickle down effect somewhere, if you invest the money somewhere, the native will become rich. Why should the people of Kerala go there, they have made Kerala poor, they say God Zone Country, stagnation is stagnation, it is fun, Gujaratis have made Gujarat rich, go out.  Some of our belts are such where there is some problem, many people have started leaving from Haryana, that is why I have heard of people leaving from Haryana, donkey route and all these dangerous things are also happening.  Because don't know me, hey, don't go to US, go to some other country, then go there, go to US from there, this is also a matter, what is the matter, there is no one to tell me, the problem is this, Guru, so I am here in the video like this.  I am not going to tell you that you are in Dublin or that one in Ireland. I am not going to tell you that yes you have to go where you have to go, there are some countries in the left side of Iceland, Ireland or the rest of Western Africa, like this, people are going everywhere there.  Are  Those who have figured out, go to Spain, go to Greece, go to some country, India, I am telling you, listen, brother, 204 countries are clear cut from India, 100 countries are better, follow some criteria, I am not saying to go and visit all the forests of Africa.  I am not saying and the rest of Syria and Varia are not saying to go. Okay, I am not saying to go to Iran and Iraq. I am okay, I am saying to go to North Korea, but if you remove all these countries then you will also remove many.  Out of these, you will get a choice of 100 countries. Out of that 100, remove those who are in your top 15, America, Japan, where you don't know how many visa lines are there, still 85 countries are left. If you zero down on those 85, then your work will be fine.  You will get 10 countries, in that also you have to go to only one place and in that, what is this game of networking, Gujaratis are the best, they go to New Zealand, this is working there, what is it doing?  Those communities which have not been set up, those communities where no one from the family has gone, they have hesitations, that is why I am saying, remove this hesitation somehow and make up your mind that it will always be possible to tell the parents to the parents.  There is no plan, if I keep preparing for exams here from 21 to 35 and I do n't get a job, then I will cry over the reservation, but life does not get better by crying about it, so many people would rather come here because if not from here.  If I go, I am seeing the youth, the testosterone level is very high, brother, the people of Punjab and Haryana will either go drunk or there will be law and order issues because no matter what a man does, he can become spiritual in 25 years, if he does not get a job, he will not get married.  Bad or just try to go out somewhere because people have requirements there and go there, these days there is only one basic skill which becomes very useful at the phone level, this app and this will save your money.  Because if a child is coming to Gurgaon these days or is going to a big city, then he has nothing left in Rs 35,40,50,60,000 and he is living in a squalor like in Bangalore, there is traffic in Bangalore.  This is garbage, there is nothing left, so brother, stay outside in a clean place, do some work there, do networking, chances of doing better are more and that is learning.  If you come to India or come with a degree, or if you have gone with a degree or if you come with experience, then its value will also be there, I don't have any reason for that, see, you can at least attempt for the 5th year of your life, if you do n't pass, then come back.  Then prepare for the exam because here people are so engrossed in exam preparation that they don't realize when the transition from 21 to 27 and 27 to 32 has happened, so I am saying. From 21 to 27, go somewhere else, then from 27, come back here and do some struggle, it is your home, father is there, maybe once and in 30 and all parents have grown older, you want to come back here, is there any responsibility because if Brother, I am not able to meet you here because earlier my take was, don't go, India, country, we will become so much, they will become so, now it is a bit of misunderstanding or pride, it has become a bit like this or not, friend.  So, you have to grow on 7, it is not yours, the government has to come and do the work here, now the government picks up the work from here and sends it to Israel, the work of the plumber sent from Haryana and this work, please arrange something for the rest too, Israel.  There is no taste in a place like this, it is happening with Hamas and Israel, our children are running here, now they have to be caught and brought back and issues are being raised, they have gone to fight in Ukraine. Somewhere in the middle the middleman said, go away, you have to prepare food and drink there, you have to do security work and you want to eat a little bit, you do n't want to fight, you don't have to take pills, I thought there were two children of ours and they also went.  That is also unfortunate, but at least find a network, some may be a school boy, some may be from the community, some may be from relatives, some may be from the village, some may be from the city, some may be from the city, then don't avoid him now, prepare.  And many a times I am saying that we leave the children like this because my core audience is not the very poor for whom I make videos, father and mother can go, if they had got admission, they used to go there too, go to school here also. You too go, come and see what is happening and I will suggest till this point, because if there is any hesitation, I will also suggest till this point. Mummy will also stay there, mummy will cook food for the child, otherwise it will be a bit tight. Somewhere in the same room, maybe mommy can also work. There is a foreign country so mommy can also get work. Somewhere there, the minimum wage is $15. She worked for 81 hours. Well, she took out some of her rent. I am  I am saying that father can take leave and go, I am saying that look at the idea, let the family go, what is the tension, even the parents are not tensed, then who will look after our house here, we will look after it here.  Some relatives, acquaintances, turn by turn, go away, once mother has stayed, the child is fine with the boy, then once father has stayed, once again some other uncle has gone, then he also fitted the jugaad, then it is set.  Then what happens next, what happens after one stage, then the money starts coming, father, once you are convinced, it is okay, the boy will do it right, if he does it, we will give you the money, buy a small big house there, do something.  take money people  There are people too, don't you all think once brother, choose it, how can it be found everywhere now? As much as I am saying, the country is sexy to you, as much as you want, it may be difficult to settle there on paper, so the less sexy ones.  Look, I am saying this where there is no problem and I am not giving such advice just by getting up, I have come to the US, it is difficult, so why are you going brother, don't go to the US, it is easy, visit there once. no what is happening there  The matter is, go to the easy ones, get some visas from there, do some citizenship there, then go there from there, it can happen again because how powerful is the Indian passport, could we have adopted this through the media?  I thought that I do n't know what is ours but perhaps it is not so much, that is why the waiting list is coming, the waiting list of so many years is coming, to go, so brother, go somewhere else, I am not able to live, this is what I am saying in my heart.  I am telling you  Think of it as a tour and travel, as if the child is going on a trip, do a recreation as a family recreation tour, list four to five countries and the feeling should be to fit some arrangements there and get something set up there.  If you can't get there then take a photo and come back. This is a practical advice. If you had to go for a trip then go with the feeling that something can happen here or because whenever you go to India, there are people from outside here.  Do you know how Coke is there? It is not like here. Even Pepsi there has something in the nose. Tomatoes are like this. Fruits there look like fruits. Apple looks like an apple. Hey, let's go. Go, friend, there is no need to feel bad about everything, no, ours is tasty, first of all, 90% of the people have not eaten, have not gone out, Indians are still fine and those who have gone, they did not go with that feeling only. that photo Facebook's have come to life, what is living, what can I buy, what work can I do, how much salary will I get, I will work as a librarian, I will work at a store, I will work at a petrol pump, then I will do that work, I will change values, I will do this, mine will do this.  And had gone to Gujarati, all the motels are on, there you can get almost 90 rupees but in US, you can get it with hard work, you can't get anything by doing that much hard work here, okay, if you work hard there, you will get something, something will become base and  There you do n't care about status, India has half of its people dead because of status, I will make a separate video on that, I don't know what we will become, don't run after status, run after wealth, run after money, become very rich.  For how long will you listen to the stories of others that he used to work at a petrol pump, then he opened a refinery and then this has happened to him, now his grandson is going to get married and all the people of the whole world are dancing there in India.  come and  He became such a rich man of India and he has such a big Antilia. For how long will you remain happy after reading the biography of this story? You too go and do the work, follow the same route, who knows, by the time you come, try to follow the same path.  Why are you not doing it, but I will try Guruji, then mine is at the grandson's level, yes, so you don't want to become a grandfather, neither did your grandfather do anything nor did your father do it, so you go and do it friend, no everything.  Are you waiting or not? Become Anant Ambani, become Anant Ambani 's son Amani, I don't know what his name is, become his, that is even more privilege, okay, so it can't be like this, isn't it?  You cannot go and change your father and mother. If the circumstances change then go out. Many times it is written in the horoscopes of many people that these days the dynamic world will be like this. Going out is not wrong in my opinion. Those who can go must definitely go out for a walk.  So definitely go and roam around to see where the Jugaad can be found and maybe it can be mine and after shortlisting it, go in the intelligent way because look, you will come back after seeing the Leaning Tower and Pizza, then what a wonderful thing will happen to you, you see.  I have seen the L Tower, taken a photo, but then became rich. I am telling him that he can go wherever he wants, first see how easily he can get a visa, how he can get a work visa, how he can work wherever he wants. I  I can go legally, go to small countries which are not run of the mill, it is easy to go there, I am telling you this again and again, I am explaining to you that I am not going to come here and cut your visa and give you the service of telling me everything yourself.  When I die, heaven appears, how long have you heard, okay, you will have to do something on your own, I have given you a hint, tell me, write in the comment section, let crowd sourcing and information happen, I am here and  Those Indians sitting outside us, okay, I have a request to you also, please run your YouTube 2, what is there, some have been made there, it is not that there are absolutely zero made, but many can be made, you people are in very small countries and there.  But what is happening, how can we reach, what is the inflation, what work can we do, how much salary do we get, because look, at the age of 25, you do not need a medical facility, you get into many arguments because whenever we talk about foreign countries.  When he goes to work, people think that he has just gone there and will come back as a 90 year old man. Do you know how much does root canal treatment cost? Yes, it is a lot outside, friend, I know, but take care of your teeth.  Get it done and leave from here. If there is a due date, go there. First of all, Rude Kara has to be treated. Let's talk about it in a practical way. Before leaving, I have to undergo a heart operation. I am 27 years old, so so many years. Who is saying to stay here, will keep preparing for the exam and here and here the pot is cheap, if it will not come back then go out there it is not that far world is so much, the ticket is not so much, your coming and going may be scared or  It would be like, Oh yes, I have come, so come back, who is going to fight and fight from here? Go explain to your parents, tell your parents that you are also a bad bed, you will also come with me, you will also come, come on, Papa Ji Pa.  Come settle me for 10 days, come there, we will not struggle like this, the wandering will also happen, tell me, you all come, I will settle there, okay, so this is a new trend I think should start, give me for our country.  It seems very beneficial, somehow one crore people go, how much is one crore, let me tell you, one crore in two years, going out in two years means 50 lakhs going out in a year, going out 50 lakhs in a year, that means around 4 lakhs per month and  I have captured 100 countries, I have captured 100 countries, I am not saying that everyone just capture these 5 10 countries, US and 100 countries i.e. 4000 4000 people, if you do 4000 in 100 then it comes to 4 lakh, 4 400, sorry four, yes 4000.  If you multiply by 100, it comes to 4 lakhs, so 4000 people.  You can go to any country, friend, there is so much visa problem, 4000 people can go, instead of 100, make it 150, do different countries, go back and forth a little and one crore will not go in two years, brother.  If you go in three, if you go in four, then you will catch people. Well, it becomes easy if you have gone to a country, you are living decently there, your history is good, you have settled there.  After vetting, if you call a relative, the people there also say that given his reference, it becomes easy, then for the next person, yes, he is living a law-abiding citizen, the work is done well by the citizen.  Say it or whatever the person says, let's let it go, okay, then it becomes a cycle in 10-12 years, let's you know, capture the, okay, capture means wherever you have reached, then you have reached yours, okay, spread all over the world.  Let me go brother, there is no census in our country, let me ask you what is the population of India, some will say 150 crores, some will say 145, some will say 140 crores, some will say 2 crores or 3 crores, so in our railways, people are traveling in trains every day.  I do n't know how many people are sleeping at the station at night. In India, people count, so what am I saying? Out of 150 crores, 1.5 crores can be a counting error. Counting on 1. Error Na Tooth 4 If you count more or count less, then if 1.5 crore people go out, you will not even know that here the population here will not reduce. Even if 1.5 crore people go away, only this many will be visible. So what do we say, born in six months.  It is okay that whatever figures I am telling you about, but if you go out, you will earn money and that money will come to India directly, indirectly and India will do good. On top of that, our soft power will also increase, so all the NRIs.  Brothers and sisters are listening to me, through this please encourage your family members, it is not necessary tell them that listen and see, my wife will not let you keep you in the house but I am ready to give you all the consultation and make arrangements for you. I am ready to do this much, you can do this much, what do people do, brother, Indians are not helping each other because of Indian default setting, we are going to hang ourselves, uncle, if someone is gone or someone is gone, then I will just hang myself.  If I go, I will stay in his house only, I will eat all my leftovers, he will say, brother, I do n't tell you anything, he says how he says, I am losing my life, don't come here, India is very great, I love India, we love India, we love you,  Respect you bye bye Tata bye Hey you first say brother listen it is like this tell me your nature before you listen brother I will not come to your house you are my relative I have Indian connection I am scared to come please guide us a little on phone we have like this  Yes, father and mother will also come, we will not even come to your house, we will feed you in the hotel, it is okay and we will bring a gift for your sister-in-law, okay, if you tell it in such a spirit, then all I am not trite put NRI down here but this is the truth, mine, mine.  There are a lot of consultations in a month. He is very upset with the NRIs. They are not travel agents there. I was joking with many people. I said, you become one and tell madam that this Become a travel agent, come, tell, guide, become a consultant, this is also a good business, a very good business, this is something which I can't do because I don't stay there but if I were staying in some country then I would do this there.  I could not have told you that you too can come like this, it is possible to get a visa, it is not possible to get a work visa, this is how the study scene is, this is how the job is, this is how you can come, it costs so much, water, these are the places, the food and drinks are like this.  You will have to remain polite, this is the rule, it is raw, you like it, come, pay a fee for one hour after telling all this, and if you have to come here, if you want to facilitate it, then we will do more, I am also giving business ideas. People who are youth here, go and fit Jugaad yourself, then come to India and do it legally, don't do the same thing, don't start pigeon-holing here, what is wrong is the problem, it is not a simple educated lot.  It is not going, which has completely gone to the village as if it was a donkey picture that the fields will be sold, man, that phenomenon is playing out, there are so many of you having lot of money in your accounts, parents accounts and you can easily take it. This option is why I am telling you, my audience is the same, my audience is not poor, brother, my audience is those who are not able to think what should I do because it is basic.  What is the problem? Do you people not have the answer as to what to do after going there? Some things will be known only after going there, what to do, so create a network and share it with people. I think it is very time is less, not so much here, more money in India by staying outside there. You can earn by linking to India, you know the pain point, you know the market requirement, go there and become knowledgeable, then come and give the knowledge here, you go slowly, then in this  It sounds like patriotism and Mother India will always be there. Okay, come on, take the money, invest it. Okay, so according to me, I have not given any wrong advice because at one time I used to have a feeling psychologically. If you are speaking like this then  Will everyone go to India? Hey, where are everyone going? Everyone will go, everyone will go in the train, everyone will go in the ship, everyone will go to school, there are not enough of them, there are too many, we have 150 crores here, we will not even know if 1.5 crores will go here.  We will not even know how many, but they will go there and do good work, if they earn money, then we will know. Look at the GDP, how much the number will increase. So my request is that everyone should go, that is, those who can go, those who want to go and those who are struggling here. Brother, there is nothing here, if someone has nothing to do, you are sitting in blue and silent, then because what is there here, working here seems to be of lower class, you will go out and do anything, friend, it is fresh air, water is good.  The infrastructure is there, the clothes are also good, who knows what they are doing, there are a lot of people, do any work, then in my opinion, go once, okay, do 1015 work and see the reward because even if I apply the formula on purchasing par pari.  It is worth it yaar the savings aa worth it this is my recent awareness which I have gained in six months on this and want more detailed videos or something or someone genuinely  NRI can bring someone who wants to ask questions if you want that Workshop Webinars A content consumer Ok thank you very much Share like the channel You can also take membership of the channel You will get access to many workshops and webinars Exclusive which is done  And in the future, you will not have to pay any money, it will be free for you, so you can take the membership of the channel by pressing the join button, you will definitely get clarity on many things.  Thank you very much