Yes, hello friends, desktop is sugar instantly, country, higher studies, job, music, India, youngsters, it is a big question, movement of many people, P lens is also a big question, many princes are asking, so I will tell you some perspective in this, the answer to this question.  It is up to you to find, I will try to give a template which you can discuss over tea in the evening with your son or daughter who is asking this question and wants to go and if that child is away.  So you can discuss through video call through any WhatsApp meeting type. Physically it is not necessary but by sharing this video among yourselves then it is my request to all the people who are listening to the video. Subscribe to take medicine in this first year. All fear old your children.  1820 25 year old and children both are solid this channel is not for youngsters its quality is like war but taste is for the daily hotspot because even them Deni hai to na to children will feed from someone tak chhabhi should also have a template to main uske medium hoon you can se which and news channel discussion anchor hota hota i committed template i tell what is this is a framework pic weather you can benefit  This arm hole decision-making on this and give your result answer that if you have to go to the country immediately because you are not able to do anything If you want to skip here, then that can't be a good thing, if your phone is not related to waiting, against Vikas Difficulty, which is the initial child's settlement, nothing is known, second today.  The kind of political situation that is going on in the world, as you saw about Ukraine, I came to know about it after coming back, I myself did not know that so many of our children are studying there, so when I came back,  So it came to light that I was reading there so I am not saying all these considerations of very-very important how to inch the crops on your trident forward so I don't have great skill sets and still I want to go to what brother there Should I drive an Uber or should I run away? There is dignity of labour, but according to the purchasing party, which India is worse? If you are a child, listen to me.  The matter and you Prince, they will have to go there, you will have to do the sweeping, mopping and utensils yourself. If there is any doubt in this then tell me Ibrahim is not addressing her sons who believes in mini bus, it is okay, you will get dollars and all the people with millions are okay, so it is not a right shot.  If you are discussing, then if you sweep, mop and remove the utensils, you will do it yourself, you will wake up early in the morning, you will do some study, if you do this, you will do that, if you get printed in so many countries in India, you can achieve the same. If a child goes out then he goes away, then you either see for yourself whether you want to take the sack and bed behind him in old age or should not go, many people say. Like man, no problem, he has settled, nothing is mine, I want to tell a perspective that child can never be always be happy away from there even parents kitne khud Kalyan Singh uski jaan ke mein  How many glaciers do I roll with excitement, I don't sleep, I am fine with you, no matter how many I am, but once I went out of compulsion, I cannot come again and cannot be happy, this is fast, now people will not speak, I have become so angry, this one is gone, he is happy.  All three went with the family I'm telling of the present times What happened in the past The economic condition The political condition The way the world was A different thing set in earlier His I can't  Advice Note of the month of July subscribe The Channel subscribe Sure Sure No Easy Option Subscribe I am your friend, I will explain to you by subscribing that if you are already working in an IT company, already doing well or are doing some business in any company. And if the company is sending you, then by all means you should go with everything is take good care of it, you will land immediately, which city will you go there, will you stay there, will you go to work here, how much salary will you get?  Will come that is and take care on solid state their officer Mauja Mauja go do add earn a lot of dollars make money invest here wash your utensils and then it will be interesting sometime because they you are not working out because of population helplessness it is the  Natural thing happening is a very natural thing, bay and dissatisfaction is a true level in Indian society, it was also agreeable to this. Option video for you that youth, I could not do anything, I do porn, it's n. Many children also say this thing so that they do not print it out because if they stop saying 'Kharcha Kharcha', then many children say it in this sector also.  Many children, according to their speakers, you don't know the story of your love, the strength of your friend's father, his own hard work, what to do by going there and get ready to do anything in any country.  by going in and doing Well, how much Dignity of Labor, this is all nonsense, brother, it is okay to hire a peon or you go there and become a librarian or an attendant somewhere or do a dog squad and they will pay you 10 dollars for doing the same work, brother, it is not a good job.  Hey man, I don't want my country's kid, that Bigg Boss and doing ASI, I want Marg kid's boy doing something great, if I am going then I will get scholarship.  I am feeling something, now again and again in this minute, people are chasing the dignity of labor and I know that if you work with dignity of labour, then do it here. Purchasing power is the same here, become an Uber, Ola cab driver.  The amount of money you earn will be equal to the purchasing power parity of the dollar. It is not that if you are doing this work here, then your level is very low and this is the work you are talking about.  If yes, then you should only say this in the society that yes, if you do it, relatives will know, friends will know, acquaintances will know, if you do these things there, then no one will know, then there will be shame, that's the only difference.  So if you are not shy then tell me here also but message on this song because I want to tell the information and videos best practice quality to this channel. If after understanding this thing of mine, I don't feel like doing anything else.  To do the same work, then by all means or else you should keep this matter of education very tight, look at those who are of the Harvard level and the London School of Economics, it is okay, Cambridge and Oxford, you are of this level.  I also know that we are good but many such universities and programs have been opened, I don't know what is there, there VHP had turn over India that those people are going there, they are not recognized and degree.  There are a lot of middlemen in between and give advice, then after going there you see what is their credit system, what is the placement, what is its value, you don't know much and it becomes very risky, then if you are not able to get even the scholarship, you are not even in the top first.  Being able to go and going to the top first, that fat one and a quarter Delhi is not even worth three crore rupees and from the middle why brother again you have to take care for you will have to take it is not TV so it's  Not easy toe I will say again and again if any of your hair relative it help any of your hand holding further effect switch off bus took in toned milk nothing in between can not be isolation that just I have to go to Canada just my friend went some  Is doing I will also do something That is not like this is not planned Been going Meghnad will not survive but you will be asked Lord of the times I am sure that we are all his  Let's listen but Post Subscribe The appointed person should close the shop sometime in our country Bigg Boss But Subscribe Not To Place Should Not Be Yaar, I will have to do this only, if I have any other mean stars left then I have to do it because of Exhaust India as much as yours. Possibilities are there in India, you can use them as best you can before taking out easy step, white vinegar money is going to father or father yes  So, the program is not set, do my talk. Thank you very much. If you like it, please rate it and give it to friends and the own family group discussion points which means and please do write in the comment section how your thought process is going on.  Topic Thank You Went