Hello friends, we will talk about SIP of mutual fund. King of SIP knowledge is Ankur Warik ji. I hope if you watch that video then tell me what is his take on it. Nowadays a new thing is going on that you deposit money and then deposit something for so many years.  You take a systematic withdrawal plan and even then this much money will be there after so many years and by spending Rs. lakhs per month, a lot of people did it along with many other YouTubers and they were also suppressed.  Subscribers are increasing, ok, I want to tell you one thing, if I consider MI as SIP for buying a house, then at the end of some years, I will get an amount and that amount will give me money for my life long and also its amount.  If it increases then why should I not hold the asset behind this thing because what are you people going to do by doing SIP in the end it will become such a big piggy bank then what will happen after breaking that piggy bank, no piggy bank anything.  It is very naive to assume that it will be like this that will give money. Buy all the returns of financial influence that they have extrapolated, but you will not get 15, 16, brother, you will not get. Going forward, 9, 10 will also come, seven, you can also come and average returns.  There wo n't be 9 10 in a few years, so far we have got so much of past, they speak quickly, past market performance is a judge, not indicative of future returns, read the  Offer Document Before Investing is a new important thing. I want you to calculate it on the basis that you have bought a house. Do it yourself on Microsoft. I will not tell you the education by doing it because I will tell you, if you explain it, I will tell you a lot of money in the courses.  I will take it and tell you, but you try it, you bought a house, the price of the house will increase, the rate at which it will increase, you also get rent and tell the EE, everything has gone into the pit, it is like this.  Let us show that it is like in term insurance, if you die, you do not get the money, brother, the quantity has also reduced and if you had died, then your money going inside this case is becoming an asset for you.  Understand SIP, say EMI of Rs. 0000 or SIP of Rs. 400000 and if it is SIP of Rs. 40000 then how much will it reach and how much wealth will be created in 15 years.  Write it down and secondly, when you buy a house, then put the rent in SIP and the EMI which is being put in your SIP, now calculate it and see how much money has been spent. Write the name MI on 40000 or write the SIP.  They are doing some magic in SIP and it is increasing in the form of money and that asset is increasing through loan. That asset can give you rent every month and you get income tax rebate on it.  What about Maintenance Cost Maintenance Cost Ka Bol Bol Bol Bol Bol Bol Bol Bol Bol Bol People have shown that if the property is worth Rs 00 then Rs 50 is spent on maintenance. People show this and it is not true. Maintenance Cost Maintenance Cost That Is It  Is a Difficult Thing to Do While Property Buying is a Difficult Thing, the Biggest Challenge in Wealth Creation Is Not That You Own Real Estate  Do you buy or SIP? The biggest challenge is having the discipline to give that money. That comes more in the real estate and with the money coming from real estate, you play SIP. Now look at the returns of 152 years. DDA's ₹ lakh flat in Janakpuri 1988.  If I was there then why do I go again and again in 88? Why do n't I go in 2020? Yes, I go because SIP also, you said for long term. Hey, what are you saying, do it for two years, the DDA flat which was worth Rs 3 lakh in 1988, brothers and sisters, the total flat was worth Rs 3 lakh, its annual rent comes to Rs 5 lakh, its rent is Rs 160 but not the rental calculation.  The Current Price Hello Hello Wet Wet Wet Wet Wet Wet Wet O Subtion People bought shares of NHPC. Suppose I bought Rs and I get dividend.  Dividend is at 00, suppose it is at 2. Brother, I have taken 20p, I have 10 or not. Tell me, if you have taken the ITC share at 00 and today it is going at 500 and assume 500p is at 2.  If Rs 500 is at Rs 2, then what is the price? Even when I had taken it, I would also say, it is only two per cent, why brother, I am getting it at Rs 10, I have paid only Rs 100. How will you keep seeing the returns on your current value? That's why the rent will never go above 3%. The rent will double every two years, every eight years, double within 24 years, quadruple within 16 and 24. Eight times, but brothers and sisters, it will remain the same every time, now we will never let you put up a house, no no no, don't buy a house right now, the rents are high at Rs 30, in the last one and a half years, Warik ji, Akshay Srivastava ji  So the tune has changed a bit which is good because when things should change but the good thing is that if I have told it earlier then it is even better right I am myself an equity guy I never speak against equity equity is a great asset good asset  You should be there but then a SIP of Rs. 000 does not help any person. There is something better than doing nothing. Everything can be told like this. Even a closed watch shows the time twice a day. Focus.  This is what has happened to people that I am doing SIP, so now I have done it and I will reach somewhere, something will happen, so nothing like this is happening, your taxation in long term capital gains will reach 30, all your  SIP calculation will go for a sex because Nirmala Tai ji, they will take it at 30, whatever the government will be at that time, when you take out, it will take it at the time of 30, then what will you do?  Even if there is a house in the house, I am not selling the house, but I will sell it in SIP, otherwise what will you do by withdrawing the money and where will you eat from? The house was bought for Rs. 10 lakhs, now it is worth Rs. 2 crores.  It is worth 3 crores, it is worth 4 crores, it is worth 10 crores, I have not sold it but it is linked to it on 3, it is a rental lead, so brother, when it is worth 10 crores, then I am getting 30 lakhs on rent on 3. If it is worth 10 crores then it is 30 lakhs. If I am getting rent then brother, I had bought it for 20 lakhs in so many years. Let's say it has become 10 crores in some 25, 30, 40 whatever years, so I am not going to sell the house. Where will this mutual fund of yours give? If you break the mutual fund then 30% will be deducted. It is also increasing here and if I put it in the mutual fund then what is the problem then I  I am giving a different perspective, I am not arguing, no, this is the count, after doing all the counts, I am telling you that if there is rent, then there is no maintenance, there is only some percentage, why do they give it in everything and who said that loan?  Someone keeps 15 only for 20 years. Please go and check the annual report of HDFC Bank. Please go and check the annual report of NBFC and Banks that the average loan tenor is how much tenor is T N O R?  Kitna hota hota hai tenaar hota hai anda half saal hota hai Nobody keeps it for 15 20 because salaries double in 78 Rents double in 78 People pay by buying new property Take new loan and you can acquire multiple properties in income tax Today you have got an income from property  There is a separate section of Loss from property, all the interest paid and rent can be counted in it. If you can have multiple properties and the  The moment it becomes a cash flow positive property you don't take anything it is not taking anything from you then you can make even multiple I teach this in detail in my real estate course why do I have to argue with them yes yes okay  Who thinks brother, your SIP is fine, you are busy in returns, I have got so many returns, this is the situation, I have got so many returns and how much money do I have?  3 crores in so many years, I have earned less in returns but I have 7 crores, so which situation is better? How can it be like this, brother, how can it be less in returns? How can I earn more money in returns? I am betting in my real estate with leverage from base. 1 If I have ₹ lakh then buy using leverage and everything becomes on that and here in mutual fund. If I am starting with ₹ 10 lakh then 10  I am starting from right now, if I get a return of Rs. 10, if I get a return of Rs. 50, then I get 5 lakhs of real estate, if I get a return of Rs. 10, then I am getting crore per crore, if I get a return of Rs. Now I have understood that 5 lakhs is less than 10 lakhs and this difference will always be there. Can't catch up. To catch up, Warik ji like they say.  One has to go for 90 years or 150 years, but even then there is no catch up. If you keep playing this game and at one stage, when you start putting all its rent in the mutual fund, the joy is increasing, then it will never catch up. You will never be able to catch it because one day your rent will be so high that whatever SIP you were doing here and you have fully repaid this loan, he is putting it all here, so now it is beyond this.  Here it is and after that this part has become of this, now since it is growing at the same rate, then this difference will remain for life long. You can explain in detail, you can explain what you understood on Microsoft Excel and in your comment section.  But you can write that this thing is neither being told to you nor explained to you because it does not suit, it suits to get the work done easily so that the one who can understand because what I am telling will be confusing to the mind, people will not understand even after telling.  so what  Do it then stop SIP. Who is telling you to stop it? Where to buy houses? If houses have become so expensive then it is difficult to become rich and happy. It is also easy to do SI. I said which one is easy? To buy a house is to become rich and happy. Staying good in life, going to a good place is a very difficult task, brother, it is very difficult to understand these things that I am telling, only then 50 lakh subscribers will not be visible here because I have put whatever is there, now I have become rich.  went and then  He made a round base investment of 4 lakhs, Ghumi Ghumi became 8 10 lakhs, bought a car, took it from him, took it from him, consumed it all, sat down, then made nothing, the returns were very good, this is the ruin of the Indian education system, my marks percentage. I came very well but I could not reach anywhere in life. How many marks in 10th are at 96, how many are I doing at 97 in 12th, what should I do, if you tell me then who is asking?  Percentage Returns Marks Has Got No Meaning This Returns It Self Has Got No Meaning All these are phrases in life What is there Does Garg Saheb understand the business of small cardamom in Chawri Bazaar and he has earned a lot He says leave it brother How much does this SIP give? Tell me, how much does it give and what does it do? We know this. Today I want to ask you all about the benefits of small cardamom.  Do you know how much is the KG rate? Don't make any mistake, just write in the comment section. We have an idea of ​​milk, we have an idea of ​​petrol, we have an idea of ​​small cardamom, we don't have an idea of ​​things about which we don't have an idea, then give anything there and calculate it in KG.  If it is not sold from the market, then it is sold according to the villages, this is the margin. In Garg Saheb's house, all the children in the family do not know where the truck runs, where it gets off, where it goes, even the little boy there.  I don't know, only Gark Saheb knows from where the goods will come, how much margin is there, what is the rate, you will do it here and there on Indian market, you will get 10 rates, first write it yourself or let me write you, don't know, after that go and do more work.  You will also get Rs 1500 rate if today you check gold rate or census or petrol then the price you will get is this money and you walk in sophisticated returns and style. English  I will make this much today, I did it like this, I am surprised, sir, how many videos does Waraku ji have? With just Rs 5000, the SIP will be worth this much. If I want this much money, I will have to spend so many years. 10 Mistakes I Did in My 20s 20 Mistakes I Did  This And I Did This I Did That You Were Staying In Different Times These Times Are Easier Times Today They Are Difficult Times What You Did In Your 20s And what ever has got no meaning in today's life That's what has got no bearing on you because life has changed People could get so do so many mistakes 25 years back 20 years back and get away today You can't do any mistake Mauka hi nahi kuch mil  Forget the mistake of doing anything, you are not getting a chance to do anything. Life is not the same and not easy.  Do this rear view system that I should learn from him, learn from him, learn from him, it is easy to give useless knowledge by becoming a Chowdhary, I did it like this, I did it like that and when the man says, I made these mistakes, then he seems like a very genuine person.  No one, I am not trolling them alone because this has become a template, these mistakes have been made by me, nonsense, your mistakes have no meaning, how many have not happened, what nonsense, there is no meaning, nothing to anyone  What has to be done in the past, there is no learning from it, look at what is going to happen in the future, no one knows even today, those who are sharing this knowledge, no one talks about what is going to happen in the future, no one talks about the future, my reputation goes down in talking about the future. I do something like this in two years, something else happens in a year, it builds reputation, keep telling your stories in the past, keep telling how many great people have achieved greatness, keep doing the story of Henry Ford, keep doing the story of anyone, keep doing the story of Vivekananda ji.  Take BR Ambedkar's work, take Mahatma Gandhi's work, keep listening to Lal Bahadur Shastri, keep doing biography, we made mistakes, this is this, you should learn and this is you should be motivated, you are not reaching anywhere, then I will make you understand like this, no one can tell you again  But don't come to my house and tell me that you want to buy Jamuna Ta, this is whose name it is, I will not tell the share price, it still came out of my mouth.  Is it not for investment? Can anyone tell me the number of the enterprise? Whose share is increasing? People have a habit of being lazy. Wealth creation takes time. If your approach is wrong, your thinking is wrong, then you will not reach anywhere. How much knowledge do you have?  Take it, because what is your M? Let me take a mobile phone, I will make you roam around, it should be a big M and it should be made on a big time. Earlier one was mine, now I will make it again, I will teach you things on the old money concept again, that video is mine. Before that we will come to the old money concept, brothers and sisters, tell me whether you want a fun channel because there will not be much content in it because my aim is not to come every day or with a SIP of Rs 5000, I will put so much before 10, how much will reach then.  Second video, if you want this much then how much has to be put, then third, if you need this much and this much, then for how many days do you have to put it, then fourth, if you want this much, if you have to put it for so many days, then what is the rate of interest, meaning friend, you are a p = 1.  + r to the power n, you have made five videos, sometimes P has been caught, sometimes A has been caught, sometimes R has been caught, sometimes N has been caught and such a simple thing, you are being repeated every time, every month and our public has become so much like that.  Especially the youth, he has become so crazy that he is not even calling out after consuming it, that he comes new fresh. Yes, you know that he has to put one grain on the first of the chase and two more on the second.  Have to do like this and then all the grace of the world, this is the power of compounding. Hey, it felt good once or twice, you got it, you beat it, everything is done, everyone knows, now how much beyond that, you will keep making videos in one simple thing, you know if.  If I do this then 20 years will be like this. Don't talk about this and that, tell me what will happen next year, what will happen in six months and what is happening now and where is it going, this will happen in 20 years.  It will become so many crores. It will become so many crores. 20 years ago in 2004, if someone had said, 'It will become one crore', how would you have felt? 'O Crore' and what is the value of 'crore' today? A 50 yard plot is not available in Gurgaon. The value of one crore rupees is left. Affordable housing resale.  This much will be sold in India, what is left of this affordable housing, then this will happen in 2004, now it has happened, then what happened to inflation, which is a witch, who will talk about it?  They talk about not everything which will be eaten, but it is not so, they say that we have to take returns in different manner, how much desi ghee was used for that much money 40 years ago, how much does it cost now, just simple, from today onwards, government employee group. If an officer could take one tola and a half tola of gold 50 years ago from a tanka then how much can he take now, even now one and a half tola is definitely due to inflation and government employees and what is the name of your gold cut cut?  It is going on the same way, it is going on the same way, check it, you are turning the Sensex into gold, the same amount of Sensex and the same tola, it is going on for many years, check it, how much was the Sensex in 2005 and what was the rate of gold? End  Keep checking it for every 5th 5th year, you will find similarities, so is gold good, not so easy, so what to do in it, you will have to do diversification and understand all the things.  Everything will be done, just tell me quickly, brother, you will have to work every day in life and things will change every day, but this is not just a calculation, the question is doing it, that SIP will take you, first thing is 15 but someone will give further return.  But the most important thing is can you do that every month? The answer is 99 but if you can't then The Wealth and the Money Witch you do not require and you will  Not only is it going to make you rich but you have to survive and people are in the category of living on 90 and 99, so there is only one simple solution left, increase your ability to earn money, people pay all their attention to investment.  Brother, I am investing 10 20 30 50 6. By investing in Hajj, you do not become warrant buffet.  Bane Re Buxar Hath Wire Me Hathway, a business is running, that money comes from insurance, they invest it, no one has become rich just by investing, no one has underline funnel business cash flow, something is needed that I was investing so much.  And by doing such and such, I became like this, all of them show it like this, neither did I become like this, brother, you were selling courses, you earned money from it and it is a good thing, I am not criticizing beyond that, I also survive, everyone should sell the world.  It is good, it is good for you also, but you did not become rich by doing this, but by selling the courses, money came from it and so much came that it was more than my livelihood and food and drink. If I put in that, it will increase, but what?  The rest of the people are earning so much that after taking out all the expenses like electricity bill, food bill, rent bill, car, internet, girlfriend, boyfriend, clothes, travel, mobile phone, we should be left with this much because whatever is left, he is putting it only for one expense.  that some relief  He is not putting it in order to get it, he will get relief only when he goes above a particular income. Brothers and sisters, who will explain this thing? Let me explain this thing to you guys, so make mine like this, yes we want, then what we want will come again.  Or if you want videos on this channel, then keep coming to this channel also, like the channel, subscribe and press the join button. I have done such a great workshop on Financial Clarity for All, you can purchase it for just ₹ 1. Eyes will be opened, I explained such a wonderful thing, explained it will be fun, this is the same 1 p r to the power n, I explained it and did not explain it in this way that so much will happen in 90 years, so much will happen, explain it in a different style, it will be fun and to those who attended.  Everyone has come and if you have attended and are listening to me, then please put it in the comment section. You can take membership of the channel, whether it is monthly membership or you want to buy it in the comment section. You will get it, you must put it in it, see, thank you very much.