Hello friends, I will tell you about work from home, I will tell you something is good, work from home is good, bad, according to me, it is bad, it is okay and at first people liked it very much, now off course many people have gone back but still many people like it.  If work from home is going on, then I will give you some perspective, what can be alternated and what is wrong, okay, I will tell you that thing, the biggest problem is that in work from home, brother, your family members do not agree, you do less because someone  also those who work from home  Is he doing that song or kya baale ye Kashi lekar and all this  It was a different thing, okay, now what can they do in that, okay, on one stage I felt very librative that just put a tattoo on the top, wear a raw vest below, sit down or generally stay relaxed, okay then it felt good, but now I don't feel good.  Productivity travels, creativity goes down, we can't be an idiot, we can't build a bridge by sitting with someone, and what is there on top of that, the networking that happens by going to a job and meeting people, that is energy exchange and nothing else, morning time. You have to go to a place after taking a bath, that is very important because if your work starts at 9:30 and you wake up at 9:00 and you don't have to go, then your whole routine will get spoiled and  Many people have a very bad routine, second, there is no distinction between work and life, not only work is not happening, life is also happening the same, so I have seen that while working from home, people are doing less and not being productive on time.  So it is not that the employer is very happy, so he told everyone that everyone will have to come, those who do not come, take their leave, it is not good for the company, it is also not good for the mental health of the employee, how many of you people are working from home? Tell me, many people say that we do not have the choice, we will have to work from home because of the setup of the company, so I am telling you that those who do not have the choice, they have got work from home. What are you doing, brother?  You go to the working space, wear nice clothes, go to a nice place, okay, I am talking about big cities, so you go there, give good coffee, good office space etc. and do good networking and you get there in 3 hours, whatever you do sitting at home.  You will be able to reduce the work done in 6 hours, your time will not be wasted, productivity will increase and you will also be relieved from home as well. So brother, install the washing machine now, pick up the child, do it now brother, it cannot be reduced because then some relative will come and someone will want to talk to you because those who are old, our elderly senior citizens, have not seen the concept of them going to work, this is D.  culture  Off India, sometimes food is visible, sometimes I drank tea, sometimes bathroom, sometimes bath, sometimes the bell rang and nothing else, sometimes I am also suffering and hungry, you see that in my video those bells ring, so many couriers come. Anytime the children press the button, the courier boy is receiving, how much is it, 220, brother, who did it belong to? Hey, what is this, the box is yours, it is open, you will continue in the same cycle because of this.  Something or the other will always be happening, sometimes a cook is coming, sometimes a maid is being made, someone is going, if something or the other keeps happening, then you will have to leave it. According to me, you should encourage more work from home.  Don't do it, according to me, it is this, it is this, tell me what is your opinion on this, tell me with counter opinion, tell me with counter reason, sometimes it feels good in the short term, okay, according to me, not in a bare minimum exercise. Look, there are these exercises which you do in the gym, there is one which you do when you go for a walk in the park, there is the conscious one which is done on the default setting that you wear new clothes at the right time, go to the car, sit in the car, etc.  You stayed in the car, then you parked, then you walked from the parking lot, then you took a loop break, then you did that too, it's an exercise, you opened your body a little more than that, at home, do n't you get that environment? Now, how many printers will you keep, how many facts?  You ca n't keep books, this kind of thing, although it is not required, means technology for these things will come, but you still need something, it is very difficult to recreate everything in the office setup, today's laptop should be connected with it.  She should be with him in an environment of the office, then it came to know that scanning also has to be done, then it came to know that someone has gone with some heavy document. Well, what happens in the office at home, like you are an expert in everything in the office, are you stuck in something?  you can you Immediately ask help, please do it, friend, tell me how is the quality, if there is anything, you are like always there and then talking and exchanging with people, seeing the face of anyone other than your family members, that is also very important and many times what is there many  The problem of communication through pen point can be resolved by doing everything online, many of them can be solved by talking to someone junior to left or right even in a physical setting over a cup of tea or in an office setting.  What gets resolved is difficult to do at home in a personal setting. Saying at home, once it becomes like isolation, either you work at all or rarely do it alone. It is a different matter, but if I am like you, then anyway. Yes, you don't have any office setting system, you don't have any boss. Anyway, I would suggest you to go to the work place. This shade is very English, ahead of their different terms, wherever you go, everything is connected to Wi-Fi.  So why am I doing this?  There are coffee houses, everything is set up there too, drink coffee worth Rs 200, 300, 400 and they will just let you sit there for two-four hours, go there mentally, you will be able to achieve a lot if you are not at home. That bed of yours is not made at home, sometimes it is being swept below, sometimes it is being left above, it doesn't happen like this brother, it seems like it is happening and the jockey is roaming from here to there with the laptop.  You ca n't ask for it on your own by taking your program, but now you can either sit at home, wear a suit or boot, sit with a tie, in that also it seems like why do you have to sit, okay, now you tell me, it feels okay.  So many times what happens is that your clothes become small and you become fat, you don't even realize that there was a work problem going on at home, we did not wear clothes at home, you used to wear jeans half the time when you went out. your daily branch  It was stretchable and the rest of the things are yours, when will it get tight, when and what happened, you didn't realize that work from home has gone on for so long, so don't do that friend, don't do it according to me, find its alternative and do it in your office itself because I think this thing will give you clarity. What is your opinion? Please write in the comment section. Thank you.