Hello friends, It is very easy to be happy. This is a belief system which has been taught to us. We know one thing that there is a lack of happiness in the present time and there are self-help books and big philosophers on happiness and don't know what old and new knowledge is there.  And English Hindi courses, all this has been a lot, I am also a teacher of happiness, so I will tell you to crush this belief system and create a new one.  Perspective Dunga, this is the only unique thing of my channel to give you a very contrarian and unique perspective that will change the way you think and it will cause some benefit at the end of this video, immediately you will enjoy, immediately you will enjoy listening, notes will open and  If you want to move ahead in life then let's start with what I think is research and what is my practical experience through consultation.  Being happy is not easy, first of all, because of what we do, we will call any work easy like this and it does not happen, hey, the work that is not done, first of all say that it is not easy, this is the first point, now I discuss it. And let me tell you more and it will be fun to watch. You must have seen many books, movies or things in English in them. They gave lid happy ever. We understand the struggle of human mind. Okay, let's understand it well. There is a movie where the hero is struggling.  There are fights, there are fights, there is a villain, there is a boy and a girl, and all that movie went on, and I will get married, they will live ever happily ever after, after that, no story has been written till date asking anyone to tell me the next story, tell me one story.  And starts with happy ever after means that it has started with happy ever after and then the stories are going on, you will get Cinderella type stories that there was a girl, she had a step mother, there was atrocities like so and so.  Then came the Prince, the Prince liked her and they live happily ever after. This is in our media, in our social media, in our movies, in our stories, in our everything. Our imagination ends that how can we be happy, how can we be happy?  We don't have a template for it, we are just learning that we are struggling, learning that we are moving, moving and then we will reach here and from here there is a happy there after whereas it is not so.  Happiness is something to be found somewhere here and it is not easy. That step mother is torturing you and you go somewhere and eat some mangoes or sleep for two hours somewhere or go play somewhere or something happens, then only that is happiness.  That prince will not come and live happily ever after because his different story and struggle will start. Chapters of life definitely change but being happy is not easy, it is an effort, sad.  Living is easy, this should be known and we mostly run after easy because only the thing which is easy will be done. Stay sad because have you ever heard that he came and stole my sorrow and took away your sorrow, no one can take away happiness. You can be finished like this, by becoming more of a hero, your pants look like this, there is a hole in the back, okay, you are getting more happy, okay Rohit is getting more happy, I had seen Neha with him, end of two minutes.  I am yours  You can destroy happiness, you are Rohit, your girlfriend is Neha or is it someone else who is your close friend Neha, my friend, I have seen her with her, I have seen her with Mohit, someone's happiness is gone in two minutes, ask your mother-in-law, ask your sister-in-law.  You are coming back in a good mood after watching the La Lala movie like this, doing shopping like this, and your mother-in-law will say the same dialogues. Hey, sometimes do this also in the same mood. We make each other sad very easily. You can do this in your friend circle. In relations, in acquaintance with one's wife, a wife can make her husband unhappy by saying anything. Brother, it takes a lot of effort to make someone happy. It takes a lot of effort. Someone becomes happy with small things, but in its sustainability.  There is always effort, there is no effort in giving pain, you understand my point, first if we as a society will understand that no brother, it is not like this for us, it is very easy to be happy, money does not do anything, look at that poor man, how much he was. Such  We have not fabricated stories. Firstly, our country was poor for so many years. All those things were required of us, otherwise we would have got trauma. We were in trauma, we were in the trauma of poverty, so were the stories okay or just to entertain somehow, like the thought is good. Tell me some stories like Ghalib's and show him this hero, a poor man will get a rich girl, they are also respected, fight and quarrel, set some class differences and make the girl have a rich father and all that.  At that time, people used to go to see the message rickshaw pullers after listening to the same stories, mostly the pictures because the middle class had VCR, show all the pictures like this, he will come after seeing his dreams, be it a picture of South, whether it is a picture of our Mithun Chakraborty or  By typing Anil Kapoor and Tapori, this is the fact, this is the fact, that time has gone, now it is 2024, we will talk about today, what is happening now, if we are intelligent then we will be stupid.  It is not easy for us to do everything, because even for happiness they say that it is a fool's paradise. Have you heard that intelligent man does not come in paradise? Have you heard that it is okay, so the intelligence level has also reached, so now you should consider yourself.  It is very difficult to make others happy, to make yourself happy, I would say, still it is a little easier, at least if you set the terms and conditions, then you know that I will be happy within this time. You don't even know about the other's brother. You are trying to make your wife happy. Even if you weigh her in gold, who knows, even then you may not be happy because now she has him. So put your happiness under your control and know that it is not.  Very easy, it's a state where you have to live in a state where you are very productive. If you wake up in the morning and you know what to do throughout the day and mostly you have control over your time, then you can go towards happiness. you a  I am giving a hint until some other man will decide what will you do on Friday at 8 o'clock, what will happen on Saturday, what will be your time on Sunday, because every man today, what is Monday to Friday bossily, Saturday Sunday wives.  And made it mommyor, I am directly talking about youngsters and boys here, apart from gender, you can also change it, it is okay, you can never be happy, you thought that I will be there at 11 o'clock  At that time I will do this, at that very moment an emergency is forcefully created and an emergency is bound to come in his life and just like that you have taken five or six relatives, friends and the like and he will say just one Sunday, that's one for you.  There are two hours of Sunday for me, that's the same life from Monday to Saturday, my happiness is like that and when I am having happiness, you are not doing anything and yours is left less, mine is more, you are the less left of yours.  That  There is so much focus on others, but you have lived more than me, I have not been able to live that much, I have some dark things, I am not at all ashamed to speak, nor am I afraid of being judged, and in the same way, you are unapologised.  First you have to think, how much to speak, how to do, how to use diplomacy, I leave that to your wisdom and consciousness. I have not come here to train you to become a scoundrel, but you have to think and understand like this, only then your life will come under your control. You will enjoy this thing and you will find that your happiness is not so difficult, it is not easy, it will definitely take effort but we will have to fix the routine and we will have to promise ourselves that the most important person in our life is ourselves.  I have done a relationship workshop. If you guys want to see more, you can find it in the comment section. There is a discount during Navratri, do n't miss it. There are two two and a half hour workshops and the rest are also from me.  The courses are available at a very reasonable rate but beyond that you are also getting discount, so don't miss out, like the channel, subscribe and it is very easy to remove the worm of happiness, it is not that easy which you think of as happiness.  That's the dopamine high and it's temporary and it comes at great cost, you have to spend a lot of money, go to Ace Mall, spend the money here in Gurgaon, eat fine dining.  Me boy girl that outing of 00's 5000 100 Haj 200 Haj then came again from Monday to Friday then who It is not easy and that happiness is not there too Happiness will come and you control most of your life Which people are not controlling everything else is controlling  And then you are like what to do now, if you don't control then you won't even get money, then you have to see that you have control of your life.  And you have to take ownership of time, I have explained all these things in a very good way, I will explain something, please try to explore because this cannot be the syllabus of a 10 minute video, it has to be much more deeper and beyond that here.  I just prove you a little bit in this thinking from the video because you also have to find some questions on your own about this thought process and think like this and think like this and that.  If you want to go on the path, then it is like I am also astrology. Astrology is the light of God, the one who shows the path of God or a guide, call it a mentor, call it Guruji, call it a torch bearer, brother, this torch has shown the path by shining it in the darkness.  You are roaming around like this, happiness should be very important and it is not easy, so I hope I questioned your belief system a little, I will poke you a little, belief system has to be  Question: Not getting pomegranate juice by adding sugarcane. To drink pomegranate juice in life, brothers and sisters, we have to add pomegranate only. If you are adding sugarcane, then it may be. If your output is not at par, your liking of your life, you will have to change your  You will have to change the input. Now after changing that input, whether liking comes or not is a different matter, whether there is any benefit from it or not is a different matter, but after adding the same sugarcane.  You will get only sugarcane juice and sugarcane juice is not what you want and like then you will have to put something else please share like thank you very much