Hello friends, the stocks, you should look forward now for the next month, I will try to tell you the months horizon and sector. You tell me, do you agree with this or not? The theory is that the budget session will come in July, the verdict has come elections.  Now it seems that something will be done for the poor in the July budget and whether it is through some scheme or whatever, it is fine, although the monsoon is also fine now.  If there is hope of doing well, then whatever rural economy is based, like your shares, I am telling this as an example, not as a recommended buy, only for education purpose, I am not savvy, registered, see the run up of HL in Dispina when the market fell. Also, tell me what happened with HL, then figure out some such stocks in the market which will benefit from rural action and through this video a crowd  Sourcing of information: In the comment section, write your best two stocks which will fall in that category. If the budget comes and some expenditure is given in it, more money is given to boost the rural economy and for the poor. If something like this  If this is done, then which will be the stocks which will directly benefit, which companies and which products, then please write all of them, what will be the benefit from it, it does not mean that you all should buy all those stocks.  You have to buy it because someone  If the promoter holding on it is above 50 then it becomes a little safe. Its corporate governance is fine. It has low cash positive property. Debt to equity is not too much. So start putting filters. Even after doing the screener, one  The thing is that what is normal I think is free, people also do beyond that, most of the big influencers also take data etc. from the same, so what is the point of that, you pick 15-20 stocks from the list and do your filter, do research and slowly.  -Slowly filter out and then do further research on the companies you like and then take a call. This is how it should be. If not a lot then what is a webinar through videos or someone's sub.  People walk around and tell me something. Just telling me something will not help. I want to tell them that they have to move ahead in life because what is their conveyance, what is their horizon, what is their capacity to take risk reward ratio, what is their portfolio size.  What is its ability to do that, you check it like will two wheelers increase, Kanjampatti can be a beneficiary absolutely and that in the announcement of the budget because I feel that this time look I have seen my  Opinion This is a little about the election and on that I tell you that no such great budget has come, in the last 10 years something or the other has been happening, sometimes Covid, sometimes demonetization and sometimes it was settled in GST. There is no such big bang electoral or election budget either.  Which is not a bad thing if seen like that, it is not good for politics, it is not good for the economy, it is not a bad thing for the economy to not have a fiscal deficit, but such a discipline and all this.  There was no benefit to the public by showing it, nor was any rocket fired anywhere. This is my limited personal opinion. I feel that now the coffers will be opened. It may mean that it may not be great in terms of immediate fiscal discipline, but brother, by coming to 2440 seats, the coffers will be opened.  It seems to me that this means all this is just my imagination. How much do you guys agree with this and how do you do it? Please do tell in the comment section that you will get more such videos.  If you want small specifics, I will tell you a little more specifics, so please write in the comment section. Start doing your homework. My request is that all of you should start doing your homework. Don't wait, don't wait.  This one won, this one lost, this is a political party, understand what is that political party, you try it and see the name of a company is Heritage Foods, try it and see its owner.  Who is it? You check that and write in the comment section. So I am not saying that heritage food should be bought, it is bad or good, it should be taken. I am not saying that, I am saying that there is a company, identify it, who is its owner, check that.  What is the status of that owner and what position is he in today? Tell me and if someone does it then he will write in the comment section and the rest of the people who are lazy and watch the video later can scroll through the comment section and see. Shane wrote who is it otherwise maybe you are that Shane, you are the one who writes about Heritage Foods and see how is its cash flow, how is the company, but whose company is it, first check and tell, it is okay whenever politics changes.  If there is some change, then leaders, market leaders, things and everything, if there is a little churning, then there is a little portfolio, people have to review themselves, old investors have to follow the new ones, just think where will be the  Focus of the Government to be in the coming Budget that will be governed by the political situation of the Government that will be governed by the political situation of the Government in which situation Where are the elections coming next What happened in these elections Who voted for whom  What were the issues, were they more issues, what were the issues due to which we lost votes, can we do that which  These are the genuine pains of the people which have come to the fore because now the people have voted. How can they be made happy? How can they be won again? Such a smart politician always thinks like this and I feel that of course he is a smart politician.  are the ones who are running it now, so you have to go and research about this thing yourself, see, understand, thank you very much.