Hello friends Stock Market 203 Let's discuss it New Year What is it My take Disclaimer I am not going to give any stock recommendation in every state analyst anyway this is my own opinion based on same data you guys tell you guys  How much did you understand, how much do you agree with this, I think that stock market and in that end because Indian market also follow your marketing and later I think they will do well but first  456 You don't see dam you know going anyeware is more ok but elections are going on in India between interest rates and if they do then there is a lot of cushion. How far will the interest rates go in the coming time, time will tell but the question is very last.  The time when 2008-9 or the time when it came, he was interested very close on time, you were zero itna cushion tha nahi in the financial crisis, he was on time. Government School, two much because already they are like close to zero interest rate but at this time there are many questions, first of all this simple punch interest rates are getting close to six, it seems to me that they come at 4%, here I am talking about that.  I am interested in the home loan which my family has and the repo rate remains the same and I will be interested in it, so it will be technical but you all know that it is a big home loan, whatever is related to it is fine. So if it is 8:30 percent then first we will see it falling to 7:30 percent and then again in the coming years, if we do its trajectories then off course the direct company which takes loan on its profit margin will be seen at the individual level.  If the ability of people to take loans will increase, then you will see a Lolapalooza effect of it in the future. If it goes to stocks or sectors then the domestic consumption will increase.  When we look at the stocks, I would say that you should show them where there is uncertainty. Where there is less clarity, you should avoid what you understand. Things are being sold. You can see that the company has good corporate governance.  It is good that you have as many parameters as you can, the cash flow gives you, the equity is quite reasonable, I think you should look at it, friend, the company is new, I will not take the name of the company further, but the listings that have happened in the last one or two to three years are these. New starter brother, this is the air, I don't know which hair will go, two have been listed for ₹ 2000, at what rates they have come, then how have they given one half of them, have given bonus, have some plates been made, what is going on?  There is not much clarity about it, so the established business, which is a robust business compared to the old business, which is running well, is a lot, you have to do it between 15 to 25 stocks, okay, ideally, a ratio.  If you have 20 to 25 stocks to buy, then brother, I thank you all of you and wish you a very very happy new year, you may have all the subscribers of the year, but clarity on the channel will remain for you, my request is you.  I ask people about the mental models that have been put in it, because I look at the list, how many views do they get and how long do they take and they seem to be a bit difficult to listen to, my request is that these are very short videos. You must see these mental models because once they are seen properly, I have 15-20 overs to convince, then I will make more, then I will make more, this is not taught anywhere in colleges and schools, when decision making will come from you.  It will be good because I being a consultant make a living out of helping people, take a decision, this is my intention to give free content here, because now I want to price this thing only.  If I do it and start giving it, then I feel that people will see it more. That's why many times people ask me, don't you put a price on the content? Give it away for free. Hey brother, I will see how good it is if you make it for free and then you will spend money on it.  Then people will get interested, this is also a fact, so here I decided that I am going to give free content on this channel, I am not going to charge anything for it anywhere, so my request is that on my raycommendation, New Year is coming. You see the play list once, enter 18 mental models, everything is linked up, if you watch it and make some notes on it, do two to three lines on each video, then you will have 50 to 60 lines by the time you go for the next 4-5 days.  As soon as the new year starts, I will post more videos, then you will be able to relate to everyone, some of you will find it paradoxical, this thing has been like this but din dosh tu things can exist de se time you have tu take Congress.  Of all these things, because they are all bikes, also what we do in our mind is the right thing, so date you follow and if you want to watch further videos on which specific thing, financial, then please tell us your request. Program and India Radio very high.  I don't want to take it to the level, I want to explain it slowly and in a simple manner so that everyone can understand it well. There is also a stock section in which the basic stocks have been explained. The basic terminals have been explained to them.  Once you read it and see it, you will get rid of the hesitation that this is very jargon which many people use in style, so it sounds very intelligent and you don't know that I am from this, friend, you should learn it.  He should not leave you without impressing you too much, basically that is why there is a stock market playlist too, you guys should watch that too, thank you very much.