Hello friends, welcome to the stock market class, today we will learn the concept of monopoly stocks, when we are investing, what are monopoly stocks, names like monopolist understand that there is only one stock which makes less like only one company makes less.  If its market share is very high then there will be monopoly, so if we identify the monopolist, follow and understand then chances and long term creation will happen. Show you a big run up because they can be discovered if they are not discovered they are multiply if the potential and if discovered in the market then what kind of a monopoly I will take one or two examples of monopoly I will do big shares so that no one can say my name  If share price of lion increases due to taking then baby food advertising for display investment advice education stock market education is prohibited if you can't buy baby food.  Whenever it comes to baby food, people remember Nestle. In a way, it is a very monopolistic stock. Whatever the monopoly stocks are, you will see that they will be bought in high ratio and may seem expensive to you, but the science is their monopoly.  If so, future cash flow is an asshod because brother, if whoever grows such India, aspirational India, then the child's food will also be taken like this, cerelac and date because of the remaining feed, then punch for six months.  After that, the child has to be fed something or the other, this is stock. Secondly, you can see that it may not be called exactly monopoly but it is practiced to a large extent by Asian Paints because of their distribution network.  It is very true that it does not go directly through distributors, it happens directly which is sold at retail shops, they come to know about it by the evening and it gets replaced the next morning, hence it creates a monopoly.  The second concept starts from monopoly itself, duopoly, so it is a bit difficult to find a monopolist because off course, whichever market has so much liquidity, someone else will come, but apart from monopoly, there is one in which there are only two people, like if I am in the telecom sector today.  When I look at stock, I see only Jio and Airtel. Do you consider it as monopoly and what other things do you consider to be a monopoly? Please give examples below so that other people can find it useful in doing stock research.  The point of buying Reliance and Bharatiya Airtel is not an example. I am telling you that where the maximum market share is with only one player, right, like there is a company which makes Excel, these are the names of the vehicles, you will tell, right, which company is it and  Its company has 70% market share in India and in the listed space it may be 8085% because many people also make such which are not listed, then which company is that which makes the axles of vehicles?  Whether electrical vehicles will be made, the normal reaction is that the car should be there, in the same way as I gave the example of telecom, I see only two companies in it, in your branded space too, now first we talked about monopoly, then we talked about duopoly, then after this it goes like this.  Where there are only three- four people in the space where like them, if you want to buy tiles, then if you want to buy tiles, then in the market share you will see that there is Bhai Kajariya, then there is Somani, then 1 2.  3 more tiles, then how is the market share in it? So, in this way, you do stock selection of those things where you feel that the market share of this company is very high. If there is a company of biscuits, then who has the market share in it and who is the monopoly? Going towards what type of Britannia industry is there, how much market share does it have? You can calculate all the examples that I told, you will see only these, they will not keep the market. Normally it is FMCG player type but in that it has stores.  He has acquired his own and he also charges money for keeping the goods and with the money he charges, he reduces the price of the product due to which more people go to him. Now if you  P / You will see how much you will get but I am telling this as an example of such a unique company, Nun of Dame is a stock recommendation. I am not a SEBI registered analyst but I am telling you how to find the selection, something unique.  This will be a good starter for us because only that company is doing it and no other company is doing it because it gives us revenue visibility for many years ahead. Like if you look at Maruti's vehicles, they are normal, it means that you will not find these in the vehicles.  I do n't know if it is a good car but what is their best thing is the maintenance and their workshops and their network, dealer network, spare parts network and the customer care that I can say. You will go to a small place also, that is, because not all people operate a car in a big city, it is fine if they do, but if you want to travel, you will find Maruti everywhere, that is why their market share is above 50.  If you look at IndiGo, why is IndiGo's market share 57%? Is it a sector, there are only a few players in it, so it cannot be a completely one-sided thing because in this also the market will go up and down, share will increase or decrease but you can see the revenue visibility.  Shorali will see that this is one thing: the vehicles, the ships, your baby, the food, your paints, your phone, this is essential, these people, all these things which I had told and are essential, this will be used by people for a long time and in this you will get one thing. And I would like to tell you that when you have to invest in the stock market, you have to do a little higher order thinking which is not published anywhere but no one is telling you any example, if they will not do it.  So you will be deprived of good stock picking or you have to see that if anyone came, I just thought about it, why did the time ITC go down because it is a cigarette paste company, so when people were to smoke cigarettes, then on top of that, they had to do the same.  People smoke less while working from home because their wife is at home so her time ITC keeps on falling and her Vanaspati was another lion in which I realized and I saw this analysis, what kind of analysis is this, rustic analysis type.  You will say that you are completely connected to it, no one is your IIM and every word and mit and some superior people do not need education and brain. Brother, if there are less people in the house, then people in big cities with computers will not wear anything like this at the top of the house, what can they wear at the bottom?  It has been kept so that no one comes to know, so it happened as if the video is being shot. The top shirt is visible below. Most of the people wore Jockey and the sales of Jockey are very big for you to see and at this time you should check the last two-  in three years you  March 2018, March 2020, I can also tell you the date of March. See the share of Page Industry in March 25, 2020. Page Industry is a company, which is a go date franchise, you have got the license to produce jokes in India, which is from International, then what is the price of Page Industry?  What a big analysis, what am I tired? Had I read the report, had I read anything that now people will be comfortable at home, now who gets used to jockeys once, again I am not.  Promoted Branded It is a recommendation that you buy today because of today's price, the story that was there got played out and it will do well in the future as well but now what is the price, see what the original is telling you in the investment advice process. How do you think about this research? In the report, perpega's brother, such fillings are being done, you have to look left and right. There are 10 best lions hidden in your kitchen in your house. Buyers, tell me which ones.  Ask the women, brother, which glass do you give to her, which one do I like, the sink, what are the cards in the sink, what is collected from steelsingh, which is right, which appliances are doing well in the market, right nine lots of things are happening in  D Kitchen: As soon as you see one thing, the status of your India is that of an average person and that of someone, then this will increase, then this will increase, India is growing like this, so whenever it is growing, it will reflect in the kitchen, you will see steel plates.  Those who serve it will serve it to someone else's plate. Those who drink tea in a steel vessel will serve it to some other vessel. Now you have to do these stocks, I will not give it cooked here, okay, otherwise then it will be like, which of those people are you?  Many people buy it blind, so which one of your mixers is producing more butter? Which one is your fridge? Whose service is yours? What kind of personal experience is there? There are many excellent shares hidden inside the kitchen. Those who put glasses inside the microwave.  are microwaves because  If India buys microwave also, then the microwave program will increase but for that we need an antenna. We need an antenna made of glass, the other ones cannot go, that one is making more, who has the market share, then you have to see by doing this thought process and you will.  Do very well and share market and end this, the fun you will get in learning will be different, you will not waste time in thinking like this, you will not need a hobby, it cannot be called a hobby, your learning is a thinking process. Wherever you go, you will see that like if you go to a village, you will see which company of motorcycles are available. Go anywhere in the village and even a small motorcycle will not look very sexy to the people, it will be like a leaf and how it is driven and it is cheap. What is its end market share and how much dividend yield does it give and which motorcycle is it? Whenever you go and see what is happening, look at the car, which Generali vehicles are seen more these days, there is a company in which people  SUV sold very big In the last few days, you must have seen that SUVs have too many bikinis. Which company has the most bikinis? Look at that. When people get money, they are called dancing people. Those who are going to become heroes in Haryana are called Machine World, they are called ideal people.  If you say, which is the car in the shop, which is the car which has the thickest four wheels in which people sit but it is also expensive and but people have to drive like this to show who is the player and where are they going.  Let me tell you an example. In 2005 or 6, Enfield used to call Bullet as Bullet. Instead of buying Bullet, he used to get it for 50 ₹ 1000 times. Well, if you had bought shares of Eicher Motors, you would have had a car better than BMW today.  Had the car been above Audi Q7, it would have been ok, so now he would have bought it, what would have happened is this story, I also do n't like telling it, but many times I have to tell you, what stock market can do to you, ok. He was in need, he will say that I was in need, I would have given another Rs 50,000, I have money, the but the question is, what follows is youth, this is falling because senior citizens will not increase their shares, where is the trend of war, what is the thing they are buying.  Have you noticed where is their focus in the company because what wrong do people do in investment? They look too much at what happened in the last year and what happened in the last 2 years and then invest further. I will also make a video at the entrance to see the trend. You must watch it. If you have not subscribed to the channel yet, please subscribe. Thank you.