Hello friends, one of the sectors in Indian Stock Market and Indian Economy which I want you guys to research beyond that is the insurance sector, recently some players have started like this, there are not too many players, the players with private insurance are one LIC and  There are three or four more companies, I am not giving stock advice here, I am saying that you should study this sector, I think there is scope for doing very well in it because of this.  Even today it is very under penetrated in India. In China, it is 20 per cent of the population, which means the population in insured rains is the same. In India, I think this figure is 5, but you guys can recheck this again and write on the comment section.  This is a blue ocean opportunity in terms of what you know as an opportunity. There is still a lot to go. Now the people of Narayan Hrudayalaya have started their Insurance has also been removed. Okay, so please follow this sector. How do you like the valuations? There are four-five companies. Which one do you like? Put it in your watch list. Do your research and see their cash flows. Read their annual reports, what is their future plan, read that and google there are 2 stocks which according to me can be very good for 10 to 15 years but you have to do your research, within this I am telling you as a sector.  That there are other reports in newspapers and there are many reports coming in Economic Times and Business Standard and all these which you should also read. I do not want to show things in detail here but this is one sector, do not go to its present PE. Which may seem high to you and further look at the opportunity as per how many people are there, they have to take insurance and should take it. As soon as the health sector opens, so will health insurance.  Which companies do it? There are some banks which do it and some insurance companies which are listed separately. Do a little research into it. Tell me which one is your favorite. Let's do the research together. And who all have made a stock position?  If they have more knowledge then it is okay then share that knowledge. This video is for knowledge. I am not CV registered, nor am I saying buy this stock, so I have taken such a name and recommended it.  I am not telling you but as a sector, and if you want such videos then I will tell you a little more, you have to work hard while walking, do not do this, yes which one to take, how to take it, sell it, no, for the long sector.  Which is clearly cut in the Indian economy. Clear cut and there is no dependence on other things, whether it has rained or not, is it okay or what is happening in the economy, it means there is some other activity in the economy, there is no dependence on anything, it is an independent thing. As the demography is changing, it will be necessary because the health care costs have to increase and when they increase, the only way you can be insured against them is by taking health insurance and life insurance. Insurance is also increasing because you can see which players are there with general insurance, vehicles are also being purchased, they will also be insured. Earlier, vehicles also used to cost Rs. 4 lakhs, now people are buying vehicles worth Rs. 10, 12, 15 lakhs. If you buy more expensive vehicles then a cycle is seen moving ahead. So please share and like this video. Subscribe to the channel. Membership of the channel.  You can also take it in it, I have included 20 videos of some general stock awareness i.e. Stock Market, the basics are very basic and have been liked a lot. If you want to watch it by taking membership then please do so.  You can take a look at them and I have also mentioned the mental models which are very useful in investment. My top 20 mental models are also included. For those who have membership, they can also take membership of the channel. Thank you very much.