Hello friends, this is a very important topic, a current topic, a relevant topic, this is the rise of Dinks, double income, no kids, this video has also been triggered by Soch by Mangal or Aise Karke Ek Woh Mohak Mangal, perhaps a video of his came that he is the rich.  People Are Not Wanting to Have Babies Although he is wrong, I will explain it very clearly, he is not rich, he is rich, he is Kareena Kapoor ji, she is having two children, he is rich. Peace has come among the four, Shahrukh Khan ji is rich, the third one has also made him rich, he is one, the middle class does not know, this is a little bit of thinking of himself as rich, although I am the first one, youtube0, he is middle class and is also earning two lakh rupees. You are middle class, you have two husbands and wife too, don't call yourself rich so soon because rich children are doing it, they want to do it, they have the capability and they will do it, only then they are rich, they are looking forward to themselves, if everything is fine, then not middle class.  Wanting to do and rise of double income no kids is Dinks which is called off course woman. If the woman who does not work is a housewife then she is not able to justify not having a child is also a fact but wherever Dinks have got a job this discussion is there.  If it is being done, then what are the factors which are mentioned but what is the actual factor, I will tell you and further if you are going towards decision making in this direction, then you will get some clarity in the end.  You will definitely get information about this because I did not say it completely because it is a complex thing, so I will try to give complete clarity. I was getting questions from many subscribers even after that, the subscribers of that channel can be my common subscribers. Because Sir, you tell me the way you tell, I want to listen to you, if he tells the reasons, then first of all I will tell you that whatever is the analysis of youtube1 and class, the things that  Their report is being done, it has not come and there is a biggest mistake in causation and collation, I try to tell you, sorry, the reasons for not marrying, not having children. When a man tells, he does not want to tell like a one marks question, that this  Reason is, he wants to attempt like five mark question, if you tell him a lot of reasons, then he will mean that global warming is a higher thing, he will tell that global warming will happen, he will say that it is okay, there are big pens in the world.  Will we talk about it but will do it practically like it was told in that video that the rents have increased, well if the rents have increased then don't have children, if you have children, do you have to live in a separate house or can you live in the same one, you have to think, inflation has increased a lot, when will we live?  How will we be like this, then these reasons have been mentioned, we will move a little towards the real reason and what reason do you think that if you do not want to do it and what other reason can you think, there will be a break in the girl's job.  Ok  That is one reason right, what other reason could it be that it is too expensive not to have children or why bring children into this world and the question of global warming is pressing, no matter how much warming you are doing, brother, reduce it a little.  Drive less car, sit less in the plane, waste your plastic weight, do this, child, do this much, the child will do too much, he is also a pickle, they say 10,000 trees or I don't know, 1 lakh trees are cut, maybe they  If one child is born, there are some calculations like this, you have to see that the fertility rate in India has reached 25 because in India there is no point in talking about increasing the population or it is decreasing on its own or due to some reason.  If you are saying that it is a good thing, then yes, I also agree that it seems that the fertility rate has come to two, the replacement rate is 2.06, so when you go below the replacement rate, that means now. Is it a reason that the population will not increase? The current population and the number of children and those who have to take the decision of having children, their parents have never made us feel that after having children, we have got great happiness or have they felt the same. We have made a big sacrifice and it has entered the minds of today's generation that having children is a big sacrifice and we should not be able to do it.  Thakur Hai, it may not happen to us or someone says, Munni may not happen to you, Munna may not happen to you, we have made a lot of sacrifices, so look at this elderly population whose children are now 25, 30, 35 years old and they are taking decision making.  As for whether you should have a child or not, on what condition have you put it, your service should be done, you should not let your DNA grow further and your blood line should not grow further, I, the elders, have finished this.  I am telling that those whose children are 25, 30, 35 years old, you have seen your sadness, that crying, that constant crying of mother, this is how it happened to me, this is what my mother-in-law did to me, this is how it happened to my daughter-in-law, this is how you became, then this is how we became.  This dirty marriage has started because you people would have said that if there is no bamboo or flute then it will be a dirty marriage and there will be no child because even before this many people are saying no, why should they even get married, now many people are saying no.  Why are people having children after marriage and getting cold feet? What is the actual reason for this? In today's war, there are new married couples in it, especially upper middle class and middle middle class, you will not find these things in lower class and  You will not find it even among the rich, as they said, Rich is not rich, the definition of rich should be clear, man is right, this is because the reason that is giving for the lack of money is not the rich but the money. He is feeling lack, he is an upper middle class who has aspirations and does not have money. He feels that if he spends so much time in raising children, then my pharmacy programs will not be completed. Rich can complete all his programs, you are Ekta Kapoor.  Ask Karan Johar, ask Tusshar Kapoor, ask him, even if he is not married, it is okay to have children, so Rich is ready to have a child even without marriage, you have to understand, this is Rich's matter.  If the point is wrong, then this is the problem of our middle class. It is okay, so much chaos has spread in our life that it is not being limited, so there is no need to bring someone additional, there is a lot of burnout, now I am in the society.  Going to Address This Burnout Whenever some things go very wrong in the society, normally the government is supposed to step in but the government is not talking about any Indian government across the world.  Mostly it is fine, they are always reactive, they are not preemptive, they do not think before that it will happen, so we do it in advance, when it will happen, now this panic will happen in India, if the number of children is less, then India is not reaching a Japanese situation right now.  Any time soon, in 1015 years, a trend will be visible that these children will not be born. Children of a particular section are not being born there and are not being born here because if we cannot give them the best then the best schools.  Why should the best ones be so expensive? Get the education from the best and the best ones, which jobs they hold and become tycoons. In which school were you born? Because it is not the parents but the parents who scare you, brother, these days, just see. Fees have become very expensive, inflation has become very high, this happened, that happened, this happened, there is this fear in the society that the inflation of everything has increased, I am saying ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹ ₹  So you can get food somewhere  Take it from the government, no, no, but we will not take it. Yes, the poor are getting tantrums because of your demanding program, so the poor are not thinking like this, because what is the point, getting a job is such a big thing for a woman in the middle class. For the middle class,  It is such a big thing for a woman and a man for everyone that even after getting a job, he gets so burnt out that now he cannot even think of leaving the child to compromise for some reason. A man can think of giving up his child, but he can't even think of leaving the job.  the idea of ​​quitting  No, it is not so difficult to get a job, the lower class are maids, like many children do, but it is easy for them to get a job, it is easy to leave, it is easy to get a job again, they say, I have to work as a sweeper, what will be below this and this work.  So if you can't do it, I will come anytime. My body should be fine, whenever my mood should be fine, you will hire me whenever I want. It is a matter of demand and supply. There is an attitude in it and one child becomes two.  It is easy, although they are not doing more than that and they should not do it, but two should be done, if there are not two then there should be one, now people have come to the question why do even one, now people have asked what used to be the responsibility earlier, it is believed that responsibility is women's, women should speak.  It's my body, my choice, what's wrong, see how if you are mentally not ready to do anything, someone saying that children grow up on their own is not an easy thing, which was supposed to be the support system of parents. What used to be available in the default setting earlier is not available now. Parents themselves are saying that it has to be done, it is not in our power to do it, because what is the matter with the parents today, those whose age is retired and those whose age is 60 plus. They themselves have burnt out, they don't know where they have burnt out, in serving relatives, in flattering the boss, in doing their own thing in the job, now when the need came for their own children.  say  You know your work, you take care of it and do it. Brother, if we are very tired, then you are tired. If your children are also tired, then the program of your family is set. Children definitely give you long term fulfillment. In the short term, yes, issues remain but I will tell you.  No, raising children is very easy, it is very easy to do, there is no expense, there is no water, if something like this does not happen then it will be wrong, I will not do it like this, but you have to see that the real estate should be spoken, only then I will follow this Sango Life Sutra which I have shared.  five pillars  They are holding, this is what they are holding, real estate job is fine, marriage emotions are beyond this, I am running a very good Happiness 2 course, if you want to join it also because this video of mine will be released on Sunday, whatever Sunday it is.  I think on 10th December, I have a two-hour talk with him about his job, how to do a job, people are ready to do so much for themselves in a job, he is not ready to leave his job, his wife is ready to leave, which means getting divorced from the marriage.  Ready to divorce, ready not to leave the job, ready not to have a child, but to leave the job, the job will be so important that means doing a job there, doing good in the job, getting fame there, you will get a lot of clarity, then you will find happiness.  By doing this, you have WhatsApp 2 classes, only one primary class has been conducted, its recording will be available on 1st December, even now you can board the train or the bus, nothing has been missed, there are many more four, five, six classes ahead, if there are any plans. Child  What I am saying is that if for some reason your decision is not yes, then never do it, but do not take the decision now because God has also created a fertility window for women, which in the course of 18, 19, 20, some  It doesn't happen, it should be done so quickly but it can be from 21 22 years to 42 43 44 years Aishwarya Rai ji Madhuri ji Shilpa Shetty I am telling you something, only rich people  Will you agree that they are rich? Children are okay, they should also breastfeed. Shilpa ji, Madhuri ji, Aishwarya ji did it, they become one at that age also. They never said that yes, we will not do it. Alia Bhatt ji also did it, is n't she rich?  No rich man is doing everything, tell me a rich man, the one who is not doing it, if someone has a medical issue, then it is a different matter, today another phenomenon is also happening, it does not happen to many people, unfortunately instead of that thing.  To accept this, now they tell the world that no, we do not want to do it, this percentage is very difficult to find because no survey of this kind has been conducted and cannot be conducted, who will tell why the one who is hiding it?  Will tell if it is okay and is there any privacy issues, no one is supposed to tell also, but many people have spoiled their program in such a way, Pre Marital Sex 72 Hours Emergency Pill Men too are making their body shapeless by eating, that is stress, testosterone and testosterone levels are low, there are sperm count issues, there are some ovary issues, so much of it does not stick to the uterus at all, what is formed as a sperm, people have those issues. These issues come on daily basis that is why I am telling you and it is because of all these things then that is not happening, this is not happening, children, sometimes parents do this and that.  Only between the couple they decide that let's go friend, we will say this, we don't have to do it, I don't want to come, confirmation bias is going on a lot of people, I don't understand why there is confirmation bias, suppose you have taken a decision. Of not having why do you need to justify it because this is the pressure then you will come to global warming who cares about this much global warming the earth  You will save the earth. You will not save the earth. You have to save yourself because no matter what humans do, the earth as a planet will exist. The only problem is the weather. Humans will exist here and not. The earth is not being destroyed. Dinosaurs are gone. The earth is still in the middle. Many species came, 3 lakhs, 4 lakhs, 5 lakhs and Bing Bang theory, go back so many millions and crores of years, then this happened, that happened and I am not having children, you  Do it, you have to think, if you are a conscious person, educated, middle class, have money, you have thinking, you are also socially responsible, your heart beats for global warming, if your heart beats for pain in the world, then you are a good person.  If it is your area of ​​influence then I am telling you a very deep thing because this will be a lot of discussion, if you give birth to children then you will make this meaning a livable space by guiding them by giving them good values ​​and good knowledge, otherwise  These crazy fools, accept it, those who are giving birth are all crazy fools. Let's assume that you are very intelligent, then whatever these humans are doing, they are doing it unconsciously. They have given birth to one child, turned it into two, turned it into two, turned it into three, yes.  Some are becoming criminals, some are not, some are doing something, some are smoking beedi, some are setting fire, some are these people, if you propose, they are very settled middle class, educated, sophisticated.  English Hindi Intellectual Knowledge Spirituality Faral Lalam Everything is great for you, so you have children, can you make their children great with your greatness? You can't make them great, you have nothing to do with it, so you could have influenced a population, you were born yourself.  By doing this we could have made good citizens, we could have made good world citizens, we could have made everyone good human beings, but you have not made them because you said that we are sacrificing all this to fool ourselves because if you  If you actually value this earth and the world and humanity and the continuation of humanity, then by giving birth to one or two children, you will make them such that this thing also goes ahead, otherwise they will have to do whatever they have to do, whatever work they are doing.  If tomorrow they will become the majority, then people will quickly destroy your beloved Earth. You are responsible Nana, I am sure you will have wet garbage in your house. Separately, you use less plastic, you do not use polythene, you do not use a car, you buy an electric vehicle and you go by bicycle for short distances. You are responsible for global warming, and you are not even giving birth to a child.  Child, I do n't know which calculation is 10000 trees and these trees are also planted by you, whatever is going on in Kaveri river, Satguru ji, you are very developed there also, you are planting trees there too, very much.  You are very aware, that's why you are not having a child, then see who has to answer the number five, you have to give 1.5 crore justification for not having a child, first of all, don't give up, I am not in the mood to have a child, I am not having the courage, I am not having money.  How will you do it when it is spread here in your mind, you should not even do it in this state. To have a child here, you need a sense of excitement. Excitement, happiness, stagnation, happiness, happy state. You should have a child in a little time. Misbill of life has got nothing to do with financial status because poor man, there are many people, they are cool, they have a roof, they live in one room, there are four, there are six, there are eight, it is happening, it is happening, theirs is also going on, you will not do it, I  So let me add a little bit of astrology, the soul that has to come has to come, whether it will come through you or through someone else, it will come, you don't do it, someone else will do it, it is late and a time when it will see you tomorrow.  We used to search in the security numbers. The time will come again to search in the security numbers. There is a security in that too. Having children of my own, I do not take it to this level at all. I too do not have the habit of finding children in your old age. No no, children will not be the support of your old age, but children can become the reason for your fulfilled life. Live life well because of doing it satisfactorily, then that direct question will come, why are you  You will get inheritance from your parents. Traveler friend, I am here, experience there, experience here, photo there, photo there, photo there. I am saying that these things should also be done but it seems like there is a limit to everything, start from 2022, what is the problem.  It has been said that if people do not get a job for 30 years, then they are so busy in the job, then where will they roam, if they have not earned money in those 20 years, then they are not getting married or are they.  If you are getting late then you reach the age of 35 and then you feel that you have just got married, you are getting money now, you have a job, so enjoy a little now because now brother, there is one thing which happens in a worldly manner as soon as you have a child.  It is considered as enjoyment to do this and that, to do this and that, if there are some restrictions then the man does not want it because everything is getting delayed, now I am saying that the window is till 40-42 years, these people are in their 40s. Live for a year, do as much life as you want to live, although I am not in favor of doing too late also but then it is still better than not having any one because you have just told me the example, Randeep Hooda ji, we know he is a popular actor.  47 years old, just got married, he is 37, so he was asked what are you looking forward to, he said, a lot of kids, that is clear in Jatt.  It's okay, Haryana's okay, so if you're late, you've done all the work, done the adventure, taken a trip to Loveratri, will get married in 222, have a child, by the time you're 24, it used to be like this earlier, it's okay, so let's do ours, but now.  The athlete is very clear that he is looking forward at 47, the wife is 37, the wife is 37 and has a child at 38, what is the problem, the body is fit, the mind is fit and  If it has increased, then do it, I am saying that do not write it off, it is okay that you are feeling inflation today, tomorrow inflation will be less, you have become rich, the money has come, then do it now, I do not feel like it, I am saying this as much as possible.  You will do it quickly, if there is no inflation then it is bound to increase. Now people are saying that the earth is a violent place, the earth was very violent earlier also, someone says like this, girls are not safe by having children, girls are not safe, oh girls, historic world over.  Are we the safest that has ever been? Should it be safe and should be safe? I am not denying it. Doesn't a little unsafe situation happen at many places? Yes, it does happen but look at the history, they should not be created like this.  Those who were being attacked so many thousand years ago, 200-300 years ago, are being attacked, they are becoming Sati, they are becoming Johar, they are being attacked, so nothing should have happened, then why did they take birth? What is feminine, what was its disease, which is plague, okay, plague used to happen in Europe, it wiped off millions of population, any disease could happen, people used to die due to malaria, 100 years ago, so many.  Then why were they creating such bad people in this world? Why did they create so many bad people? One reason can also be said clearly, there was no system of contraception, people could not live without sex and by having sex  We would have had children if this was also a reason, so I would deny it completely because this was a reason, let me also tell you that, okay, now this contraception has come, now the choice has come, earlier there was no choice because we are humans. Mostly many people are unable to live without sex, okay, and then if there is no way to stop it, then it would have happened, okay, now it is, now it is a choice, so let me tell you one more thing, I am a marital consultant. I have seen that husband and wife feel that both of them are in love with each other, both of them feel very sexy, they feel more loving to each other and they feel that they do not need anyone else, only when they decide that we both  Not only don't you agree, but that too ends in a year. The relationship between a man and a woman lasts only when they have a child. This is also a fact. For some reason, the fugitive for marriage is not happening. Unfortunately, the majority has not yet come, but that number.  The number of these fertile couples is also increasing, earlier that age used to be an exception that out of 100, one half out of 200, now it is happening at 10, 15, 20, 30, now again no one is doing any survey, again no one can show such reports.  I don't do this report because I do n't have time and there is so much work left, this work is done by being a developed country, India judge is not rich in situation. Currently, the government is trying to incentivize you whether to have children or not. What is happening in the rest of the world is that the government is doing it, Japan's is doing it, it is giving maternity leave and giving money, it is giving something.  That increase, increase, increase population but the thing is that what am I, the government thinks that I have taken the contract of individual athlete, at this stage, the children are looking so much right now.  Is there any speech of 2019 or 20 by the Prime Minister? He is talking about over population in India. So if the Prime Minister is talking about population from the Red Fort then will there be any change in such 3 years or not? The population is decreasing.  This is not happening right now but a section of the population is now avoiding it. This is a fact. If it is caught then there will be a drawstring. These things have now started becoming normal. Is this good or bad? I always I say things, nothing is ever good, never bad, there is always an action and it has its consequences. The action is that if you do not want to have a child, then it has a consequence. You should have an idea of ​​those consequences. I just say the child again and again.  I never tell you about support in old age, and yet I say that children should support you in old age, your bank balance is your spirituality balance, if you have gone towards spirituality, as long as your spouse is there, that is.  You have to live with its support and I am not talking about children. Children will help, they will not help, they will not happen. You cannot live life with their support, but doing so is a good thing because it gives a sense of fulfillment and purpose and this is very historical. It has been happening for years that yes, it has been giving, it is not that it is new, it is like the institution of marriage is one of the oldest, as soon as a little bit of intelligence, rational consciousness awakened in human beings, then they Relieved that this should be an institution of marriage, all the partners should be partners, one with the other, no one's setup is okay, in the same way, having children is also considered good, as I tell people about marriage too.  Many times people come and say, no, it's marriage, nowadays children say, 'do n't marry, marriage is not good, this is what marriage was very good when you were a child, because it suited you, no, whose. Marriage Did You Ever Want As A Child If Your Parents Divorced Because Marriage Gave You Protection Gave You Security Gave You An Environment Where You Could Be Like Relaxed And Focus On Other Things In Life So Marriage Was Very Good When  You were a child, the same marriage will be very bad, when your time has come, your time has come to give that security to someone, it is  Something like that if someone plants a Taurus, then who will eat the fruit? You have got it, someone had planted it, but the person who planted it has not got it, he is gone. The trees and plants that are planted and those which are fruit bearing trees, Mango is 10 12.  If it is given in 14 years, then someone planted it, the person who planted it also ate mangoes, he ate mangoes when someone else planted it, this is how the world is going on, now you come on a stage and say, no no, this is too many trees. Or am I going to do it, what is the benefit to me, I will have to spend money, okay brother, I am going to do it, what else do you say, I should water, I should give this, I should give that, I should worry, I should do this, and there is no benefit for me, I don't have it.  Already in four trees I do n't need I want to live my life Something as a society we will have to do in it by reducing the burn out of the new generation the previous generation  Has to now step in and open the treasures and treasures to be opened only by those who have them and those who have them are not producing children. Those who do not have any treasures are the poor. We are in India, we say India, I say Bharat, I say Bharat, One India, Two India, Three India, One India, Two India, I exist in this country, I get messages, Guruji, I don't want to have children, this is a  Someone wants to say good thing, I have two girls, I am trying for a third boy, I said yes, it can be a girl, it can also be a boy, now what can I tell you, here in India today a third child is also being born, I am interested in a boy.  It's happening right now and there are many people here who don't want to do even one, so this is also a contradiction. Call it a funny situation, call it black comedy, call it dark humor, but the thing is that Datchi is also acting, what are you talking about?  Is  The population is so high that you are not having children, so it is good that you are not having children. Brother Saheb is also engaged in the third and fourth classes, so he will become a thief. Then what gold medal will he bring to you in the Olympics? Do you feel like this? Whether he will do it or I don't know what he will do, then let's see, a lot of work is being done in this India. What is your opinion, I want you to write in the comment section that brother children, should we do it, should we not do it, whether it tastes good or not, it is too late.  I'm nothing more joy  Full experience in life I can tell about my life I can tell about a lot of people I see that the one who comes with a small baby in his hand and brother does not see his own one in someone else's child, he sees his own one. Hey nose on me or face on me and then you are looking for it, okay this one went on this one like this and then this one like this and then that one like this like this like this is the same joy, it is worth it, what will it do after growing up?  It will make a difference in your life, what do you see, that is of no meaning, the fun lies in itself, those girls never played in their childhood, nowadays girls have stopped playing games, mobile phones have come and don't you know, even girls and boys used to play something else earlier.  And even now they do something else but the girls used to play Gudda Guddi, this is my baby, this is my doll, this is my doll, I will change the clothes, it was going on feelingless, that feeling is getting lost, played some other games.  I am going to say that earlier when girls wanted it then men used to say ok, it is your wish because the man did not raise it, it is a fact that man, first of all there are many men who say that no, no, they are very rare, no, children are something to be done and I.  I will also help you and earn more money for me and what has happened and should happen, these days people are becoming less and less and these days people are saying that it is okay as you see it, it is okay because it does not make sense for him to do something himself. So I swear that I will not  I will do it suits him, he should also not get the responsibility, he feels that yes, if this child comes, then my programs will be spoiled, my getting AC-ex will be reduced, my wanderings will be reduced, I will not be able to do anything here, he will not be able to do any good.  And the rest must be looking at those who are with them, it is theirs, it is theirs, their parents are not coming to help, there was a generation which was the last generation, their parents used to help, in-laws used to help, mother-in-law used to come and the girl's mother.  boy's mother together  It used to happen that aunt used to come, Japa used to happen, something or the other used to happen and those children used to grow up okay but now no one is ready to come, relations are not settled properly, mother-in-law is not tolerant, that too they also have attitude.  It is not useless, if we don't come then these are all the reasons due to which now they say that they do n't feel like it but now the society will have to step in at the level of elders at the level of society, there is some big need to discuss.  From this end, what is your issue, why are you not opening the coffers, let us open, take the child, take the house, we will give you rent, you do it like this, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, you do it, I will pay the fees, you do it  So how much is the correct fee to be paid, from first to 12th, it is ok, 200 Haj, 100 Haj, 15 Haj, we will have to open the treasury, if it is not done, then we will not do it, for the next few, monetary help will have to be given because  Those who don't have it, I keep saying again and again that everyone can't give. Those who can't give, they are doing it anyway for those who don't have it. I am also telling this to those who can give, or I am telling it according to the class difference. I am the one who is coming, neither are the knockers nor their parents, they are of good peace and leave me like this, friend, let it be ahead of you too, but it is important that there should be population growth in every section, it is good for a healthy country, you don't.  Want a particular kind of people only having babies and others that don't come, then what will happen to them when there will be no children like this, then you will have to do immigration to get this work done, demography will change, see what is happening in the rest of the country.  In those countries where population is growing and not increasing, there is no immigration, there is no immigration, the demography is changing, now you understand.  I am coming to India for the country, I will have to do it for Mother India someday because you want the outsiders to come, then they will definitely come, then you will not be able to sweep and wash utensils and your people who used to sweep and wash utensils have become your lower middle class.  And then that way the population of every section is not big, then you will bring coders from outside, the rest of your things will come from outside, now we Indians are going out and doing this work, and they are doing it for the rest of the society.  Think the original countries are very happy having us there as they love Indians. Is it like this? After 10 20 30 40 years, this is such a thing that it will burst, so I will end it with one more thing. This is a long video, you want.  These are such long periods of time that will have to be made long to give clarity. The biggest thing I would like to tell you is that you should try to understand that we can never do things in the long term.  Let's see in the short term that right now I want to travel for three-four years, if my platform is doing it then I will never do it. I am saying that you don't want to travel, you don't want to face shocks, this is how they say shocks in our Haryana.  You eat well, visit Goa, visit Switzerland, make a lot of money, do whatever work you have to do, and then take a call. If you have understood this thing, then please share it with this thing. What is your logic?  are you child If you were not doing it, then you will do it now, okay, what should I do, should I not do it, or Ma Ma, yes, your body, your mind, you decide, but before deciding, understand that no one has had a fulfilling life, not till date, but he Vivekananda  ji has done it and Yogi ji has done it and Modi ji has done it and Rahul ji is also doing it and yes yes so you are operating at their level then come on but you are doing a normal job.  go somewhere else  Then this one is not going to give you full feeling, it is okay, you are not operating at this level, if you are operating at this level, then where is the time, where am I saying that there is no need to do it, but look at what level you are operating at. If you are living an ordinary life, then this is the only extraordinary activity happening in the ordinary life, which is life itself. It is very important to serve the people. You will find many who will serve the world if they do not have children. You are busy doing this, you do one thing for yourself and make that person worthy of something, that too is a great service. For Maha Bharti, for Maha Bharti, they do this, they do that. These days, a lot of slogans are made and words are also used a lot.  If it happens, then for Maa Bharti, is that mother not giving birth to a child? Where will Maa Bharti remain? If Maa Bharti does not have children, then a country is not about its infrastructure, it is about the population, not the people.  Lick the infrastructure, for whom should we build roads, for whom should we make jazz, for whom should we make vehicles, for whom should we build schools, if children do not go to school, then these school fees which are increasing so much, look at these also, friend, one day your school fees will increase.  Only the children will stop doing this class, then the children of the poor will not come to you because the fees are so high, then if you reduce the fees to improve the children of the poor, then reduce it a little today itself so that the children can do at least.  Just come up with some scheme, if someone has two children and the other one is also a student and has a brother or sister, then we will take less for that. Incentivize it. I am telling those running the education institutions that your schools will also be closed one day, one day they will stop producing children only.  Will do that class which is paying 20 25 30 4 Haj fee and wants to send its child in that class only, does not want to send it in a cheaper one, that class is now shying away from doing the child. Because of the high expenditure on water, as a society, there should be a debate as to what things we can reduce. Brother, if you do it then it is okay, take a reasonable fee, otherwise people will stop having children because they spend so much.  You won't be able to do it, your salary is not increasing, everything is not increasing that much, your fees increase every year due to Covid, still you don't feel ashamed, no matter what comes, you don't have to do anything, this is on school fees, one more video is made, one and a half made earlier butt  Another half is formed because  It is necessary to shake them also because one gets angry on them also. People like me feel that because children are not being born because of your affair, that is the truth, what is greed, this is a big sin. Incentivize that one of your brothers studies and your sister.  Or brother, even if he is younger, we will reduce his fees a little, that's how it works, buy one get two free, get one free, something has to be done, otherwise your institutions will also not run after a stage, the trend has started when  till  By the time its report comes, it will have matured but not having children. Is this right or wrong? I will not go into this because if the situation is like this, you cannot do it, then you cannot do it. No matter how good the buffet is, you have 25 dishes in front of you.  Out of these 10 favorite dishes, if your stomach is upset and there is severe pain in the stomach, then you cannot eat it. Yes, but I believe that after four days you will regret that it was that day and you would have eaten it, but you could not have eaten it.  a truth But will your stomach be upset every day? It will get better someday, so when it gets better then think about eating. You do not need to say that at that time the stomach is not well, so after today I will not eat, I will never eat.  I will never do this thing. Agreed, you are 25, 28, 30, married for two-three years, do not want to have children, are not in the right frame of mind, in that zone, it is understandable, you and yours.  If you don't have a wife then brother, think about it after two to four to five years and think about working towards that situation. If it does n't happen then tell your parents once that brother, we can do it but we have these issues. Can you help us? Do you want your grandson or granddaughter to become a dhoti or a dhoti, speak openly and have some shame, now I will use the word 'we', elders should also do this, oh your line is closing today, why did your life come here?  Earlier they used to do so many marriages so that they have children and there may be many, there may be many, earlier in the old times they used to do it like this, do it like that, but now the grandfather will take it with him, hey, open the treasure for the daughter-in-law, open it for the son. Give it friend, if you do it, you will get this name, now it is up to them, the government is not going to do it, as long as it does a program, the program becomes very bad, when the government is gutted, it has to be given to the farmers. Now we have to give 000 rupees to the poor, now we have to give it to our beloved sister and this is our kitchen, the government is at the same level, India is not giving the farmers the money to give birth to a child, nor has it reached India to give the child.  There are still 20 years left to provide incentives for birth. In India it is not there yet because the middle class is stopping having children. The middle class, upper middle class and the poor are doing very little.  The upper middle class will never get any subsidy directly from the government, so only you have to see what I am saying to your father and grandfather, Nana Ji and Nani Ji, they have to do something that son, this one of mine is special for you.  Will we get something or something, we have to lure, we have to incentivize, only then we will be ahead, otherwise this story or global warming is a pain for me, it means be realistic, yes, there should be so much concern about global warming, brother.  Sir, there should be a lot of concern about global warming, so watch your actions, what are you doing about global warming? No, I am not doing it today, I am not doing it today or I cannot do it. Don't dialogue, which choice is what? Okay, so please share. I hope.  There must be some clarity in it because it has a lot of layers in it, it cannot be made white and black, it is very grey, this is Khichdi, it is very difficult to separate rice and pulses, it is as if Khichdi is made.  It's difficult to move, ok please share.