Hello friends, this is a clarification video to give a point of view to my subscribers that actually what ever I do and less than a lot of high order thing which I without you know teacher of, brother, by doing this, think about it now recently.  He said that I had made a video earlier by doing Ek Koi Dham-Vam, and by the way, you support Baba who runs Super Station and is another great Acharya ji.  Those who are doing so little and are like this, then behind them it means that you are lacking in brain or you are stupid or you do not know that he is taking it from there, is he taking subscription from here and wants to take it from here, then people like this  If told, I would like to say something clear, I did not support anyone etc. through any video and today I am giving clarity about one thing, dose you three five myself and all every rapper, whenever any person  A very poor kind of person is going to some Baba, is it okay, is he going to Superstition, is he going in a stupid way or is it true that Baba can be only six or four things, he is getting so much by going there, it is feeling good.  He is getting hope, some magic is happening, some miracle is happening, Siddhi has been achieved or not, we will not discuss that too but after draining it from there, he goes away raising his level a little, it does not make much difference to the society because  Which is an educated society which Those who are above all these things are not going anyway. Some different types of people are going. They are going from different societies. There is no direct control on them. You see, this one is of our time and then this one. Now this one who is from that time cannot influence this class, he can only say that either you are a fool or why is Ritu making a fool of him? which has been  Whoever wants to be fooled, they will do it among themselves, everyone is not affected, it is okay and maybe I am enjoying fooling them, for all you know, it is okay, you are getting something so less, the next person is not taking money.  If something is right then Nabu is not missing you. He is not doing anything in your life that your routine will change from the next day. He is not doing anything in your life that the path on which you are walking will change. Change it, he is satisfied, he narrated some story, you thought like this, do this, do that, don't do it, he came after saying hello, he came after saying thank you, it is good, it is not done, okay, it is something like a date, there is also an astrologer like this.  People also say that astrology is nonsense, useless and scientific, knowledge and teaching, I will tell you a lot, astrologer is like telling something, this person is not like Mars.  There is no effect, whether it is right or wrong is a matter of separate discussion, but it is like, if it is also a poison, then it is very diluted. What I want to say is that it is so diluted that it can be ignored because we even use pesticides.  It is okay to eat, everyone eats, but the person who comes from a highly educated institution, who is revered, we call him IIT IMIS, there are a lot of them here, although I do not revere them, that is why it is okay.  But I would like to tell anyone who comes from here why I think these people are very weak in emotional questions, because so much attention is lost in studies that if we do not even know what is happening in the world, then we feel helpless. If you feel like I am doing the same thing to everyone, then let it be so, but it is a fact that when you climb the ladder of IIT and in this, you were in 8th and 9th class, you become a different child, you have a different education and then go there. Reading  By going there and studying, one does not understand that much, it is a fact, it is okay, one knows a lot in many things and does very good in life, I am not talking about that, then when such a person goes to a level and helps very educated people.  Attracts them and then gives them a knowledge which is sure to be a well established institution of society in which marriage is the last holding unit. Apart from this, it will become Anarkali.  There will be no control of anyone with anyone in the society, anytime, anywhere. The actual animality will wake up Pashupa, because there is no marriage in animality, animals do not marry, why are you comparing married people with animals? Living in is also a kind of marriage, in that also you do the same things in marriage, in living in I can get nervous, some man is walking around and a video of him is being made and people because I am we.  People  So a normal man cannot make it, we have to record it ourselves, we have to do it by doing our own work, here it has become an organization, I was told that no, those who are very big in their organization are not with them, no, yes, many are saying ITM. He is I, sorry you and mine, many a times he has to say that he is a startup, yes, it is necessary, you have to do manufacturing, you have to make vehicles, you have to do it because he has a lot of it, this is also a startup, this is a startup, so many subscribers, so much like this  Account So many people ₹ 100 Organization Sanatan Religion This something is private Spirituality again Something is wrong with you It happened to you All these people do consultation with me Do n't clean your bathroom Don't change your bed sheet Do n't know how to cook your own Come on, you can take life  We ca n't keep our environment clean. Dirt around us can't be cleaned. Let's save the earth and save Mother Earth. At least do yours and show yours.  If the body is visible then we will also agree with it, yes friend, you are doing a very good job, war is being confused, because it is easy to seduce, it is always easy to confuse, it is always easy to confuse someone in any video. Also, there is no take away from the lecture, they say that whatever I say, they talk in clear cut words, brother, this is nonsense, do it like this, do this, why is this nonsense, come and speak in general terms. Give because that thing cannot be done, tell me one thing, you have installed speed breakers on the national highway and many other speed limits have been written, the limit is 30, so brother, go at 30, the next one cannot be done practically, neither will you go, nor will you cut, who will go 30?  But it means that somewhere on the National Highway, there is a school, there is a hospital, somewhere there is a public place, if a person applies his 30s there, then a person cannot go through life in the practical zone, then such knowledge which cannot be followed in life, which  The one who cannot butter life, the one who cannot be monetized, the one who cannot spread happiness, the one who cannot create wealth, the one who cannot solve the problems of life, what is its purpose and you caught it in the video because the next man is someone like you.  Chetna knows this, you know this, Vivek knows this, you know what Buddha said, you know this Saurabh said, we don't know anything, it's just that now you are not worth anything, otherwise yes, then we don't even like anyone, our job is brother.  Ultimately this is what you have to do, isn't it, why are you living this animalistic life, tell me because even after awakening this consciousness, ultimately there must be some purpose to go somewhere, I have to save this vision movement and by doing all this, this is a very good movement.  So the world is doing it, the world is doing it, it is not a wrong thing, it is not a wrong thing, but the world is doing it, whoever eats, whoever has to do, will do whatever I want, I am doing it, I will do it like this, take this money, make it.  Whether I am a transactionist or a religious person or a Sanatan person, I am not like that, I am a normal man, I neither call myself a religious leader nor do I repeatedly say that I am extremely private, very relevant, very good thing for all religious people.  Very private think, these things which we should discuss outside, we are not reducing them, I will even suggest this topic in old videos that friends, discuss these things in your home.  Talk about breaking the money of the house and making two floors, then give the basement below on rent, how to earn money, how to live with love, how to have a wife, how to make my job good, do you want to get more resources, what is the little man doing?  You can ignore the one who is doing a lot of harm on a large scale, he cannot be ignored because he will make many people fall into the pit because he is leading towards elections, everything is bad, don't do anything, what to do. Read my book with me, then what to do after that, then go as far as you want, then do something, marry someone who lifts you, then you have made them all fall down. Now you say marry someone who lifts you, she said. I have taken a contract to pick you up, I will not marry the one I picked up, nor will I marry these losers, then my knowledge of you becomes zero. In a minute, I think many times, not by sitting somewhere once but you too are my 50.  you tell the point  Now you tell me, how should it be after agreeing all the points, but this cannot happen and will not happen, I will prove it, all your 60-70 lakh subscribers, all sit down and do not do everything online as told to you.  You should marry someone who lifts you, who lifts me, who wants to lift him, then she will want to marry him by saying that he should lift me, then this person will say that if you do it with me, then this is a cycle of lifting and lifting.  I am not getting married. The ultimate team is that no one should follow the rules on marriage. If it sounds good then it sounds good. Yes friend, we should marry someone like this. Lift me and lift me, lift me a little.  Lift me, no one will be able to get married, because every man does not want to lift me, lift yourself, many will come on your own, lift me, lift me, lift me, get married as John likes, now tell me.  I will go and give you a lift for my practical. If you understand the videos then please like and subscribe us too. Thank you.