Hello friends, this is a deep topic, an important topic, it is very important for the youth, they will get a lot of clarity, it is in counting spiritual narcissistic people in your life, what do you do when you are in counter spiritual narcissistic people, you bill in counter spiritual is a different thing, narcissist is English, you  They understand both the things and are soul free type. They will be those people whenever you will take any question thinking that this is a big deal.  Is he knowledgeable? Is he an influencer? Is he intelligent? Have you read the Gita? What are the Vedas and Upanishads in chapter number 5? I am telling big things according to Sanatan. It happened in whatever place is right, so I am.  Note developing on this, they are also there where I have got to listen, I am getting experience, I am taking it as an example, okay so this is specific locations specific.  It is not religious specific, country specific, it is universal, it is okay, you will find it in your home, maybe you will find your mother yourself, you have made me relaxed, it has not been raised, why should it be done, should not be done, should not cut nails, should not be done like this.  She should be bitten in the attack, this should be done, meaning she is roaming around with as much knowledge as mom has given, mom is giving her the rest, take the rest and you are like my friend, all this knowledge is being imparted to us but it is given to us in school.  I have not taught you, yes, you have not taught me, then what is the happiness of being, I will make you do something like this, and brother-in-law, now that ₹ 1 crore [music] is being sold on this particular YouTube, so listen to everyone, where is it from? Who has written this? There is no need for anger within you to listen to, cool down, relax, that is the right knowledge. With knowledge, you get growth in life, you do not become enemies in life, you get to live with ease in life, whatever comes easy.  Your  It is true knowledge as per nature and the person who himself is frustrated, now I am saying it loudly, I am not frustrated, still there is a smile like hockey on the face. To understand you people, training comes by watching the content of such people. Who has acquired crores of subscribers and grown his hair and I am doing it for you, hey, this is entrepreneurship, the person who is doing it is from ITM, it is a spiritual business, I have many times made a video on meditation, brother.  Everything is business and let it and let it note color but same are you saying ki daan south is organization this is you basically business is called organization in Hindi and this is for you tell me one thing I am my small  Let me take an example and tell you that brother, the society is doing good, you are enjoying it, I am making money on YouTube, I have some courses on my membership, there is no donation, there is no help, there is no favor to me, there is no value to me.  I am giving, I am getting something, the transaction is clear, there is no stress, but you say, give it to the organization, you acquire a car of land in the organization, you make 65 squares in it, you roam in the helicopter, you give it to the organization. You are the one who lives in a five star hotel and meets big people, so if I give you such a life where you have a name in your name, do you definitely have an IT support control?  Musaddi Lab Al Aam Aadmi, you who is my subscriber, that poor guy wants it in his name because he wants to come to him, it is not enough, if I give you the control of property worth thousand crores, then I propose that it is worth 500 crores instead of 100 crores.  Let me tell you that yes, the assets will come, whom will you hire, give all the power, if you remain the main person throughout your life, then you have definitely gone to take it in the name, you have to go up, no one goes up with someone in the name. Whose name may be paid, but whose name may not be there, but that's the same, now I speak very deep things to many people, many people can clean me for the whole life, I am ready to become, I don't need anything in the name, what do I need for myself, everything  Man, even parents say the same thing. What do your parents say? Brother son, what do we want for ourselves, we are doing it for you, everyone is doing it for their own taste, no one is of high moral ground and neither should anyone else.  And keep in mind that I don't understand why there is shame, brother.  Kant said to the people that I am giving you this book, I have written it and you give me the money, why are they saying that this is South, what is South N, by saying that, why is he making it like this? Tell me, this is the fee, this is the consultation fee.  If I gave you happiness, gave you clarity, then give me money, now I have membership, I belong to you, come from me, take clarity and lose, attend workshops, what favor am I doing to you, do you change into me?  You are coming to watch a movie, you are enjoying, if you are not enjoying then your money is wasted, you will never come again, you are becoming such spiritual narcissistic person who will put you down because of your lock of so called knowledge in some.  spare witch is not required youth is not required you should be spiritual son you didn't go to college you didn't get a job after college you didn't get a suitable girl now  If you are not getting anything in life, if you are not getting the happiness of curd, then you see, happiness is the happiness of giving. Today, here in the skull, now we will do something big, we will awaken you by doing something, you are a loser. Spirituality is not something that you can see.  Which is available and which someone can give you, you are a nice human being. Rituals are all there, brother. If we believe in the soul, there is some spirit inside which is called Mahatma, it is the soul, then brother.  If he is spiritual then you are, if you consider yourself an animal, we have knowledge, then no, hey, how did he start studying, friend, and till he comes after studying, you eat and that and he will come, I sir, have read, you are crazy.  He is making the world again because you people are putting so much effort into it, then you also have to get something out of it, did n't you enjoy this big scammer of meditation, now let me tell you, sit like this, blindfold yourself and then how did you feel, take a long breath  people happened Although some things happen in many things, there are no such things, but as soon as you walk on the streets, you are walking on the road drunk, that situation is not there, it is not a matter, that car is nothing, something is going on, it is involved in many things.  It can be used but it is not used in ghosts and there is no need to use it, there is no need to do it, it is today I want you free, it is extremely extremely great today in this world, everybody wants you free.  There is nothing worth living in extra ordinary life, you are running here, running there. You will not get an ordinary life, normal college, normal job, normal children, normal child's school, normal second child, normal life is very great because of this, people will not be able to do this.  Those worldly things that take you away from those worldly things, I am not saying that mad people should run after wealth, there should be a way to run, otherwise you will not get anything, they should run after the girl.  If you are there, then it means that you will be impressed, it is shown like this in the movie, it has nothing to do with running away, it happens by being intelligent, if you are getting things naturally, then why run away, tell me one thing, today I will tell you a simple thing.  I am asking and I am speaking in a very conscious manner and I am giving the names of two people to say that I have not received the money. I am you and you only have to check. The names of only two people are late and you have to check. Both the men. Every child in India would know the name of Mukesh Ambani ji and Gautam Adani ji. The face of these two men. As much as I am growing up with this Baba Gyan, it seems more spiritual to me. Do you think pay attention, don't write it down immediately, first see, visualize Mukesh Ambani. Pick any random post of ji, random video, random, that Gautam Adani ji had just come, that of Rajat Sharma, he is rarely seen in your court, he is not seen much in public space, then that face reading which you give.  Everyone has got money, I am saying that everyone has got it, I am not saying here that you are very established, it is a mistake and Guru ji that you have a lot of knowledge about these things, but I am claiming this.  I am saying that even those who do not have it, you two are the pinnacle of your materialistic self, both of them have a mission on their faces, they are goal oriented, there is satisfaction, not frustration, because if you  Spirituality is pleasant, write it in positive and this Acharya who is roaming around with crores of subscribers, watch his 10 minute video of shouting Shivaay Run and doing this, he doesn't have any quality, which place, which one?  There are six great things that have to be done, tell me at least one great thing, because according to me, there is no great thing in this life, there is no great thing in this life, this is one life, we were born, we lived, when every man started his life.  You are searching forcefully and he is saying no, this is very high, low, see, rising above happiness is low, something is said in Gita, there is a soul, the soul does not kill, the body changes, the body is like a cloth, so there is a need for clothes.  Neither is your Nannu's father producing clothes. Nannu's father only says that Nannu's mother is his mother. Today's big politicians are becoming bachelors and serving is their basis.  But can you become all of them? You can move there and go towards it and for whom are the bands? The country will no longer be a country for the countrymen. How will the country survive if there is no population? Go and see what is happening in Japan that children are born inside.  Children are not being born in South Korea, they are giving money, they are giving child care leave, they are also giving it to the husband that brother, you give birth to a child in 2 years and here Narasim is running a spirit in the name of special.  Very important part of a country but not so easily. It is not easy to leave. He was Soni's bird. He was there when everything was achieved. He was not in a confused state. You need speciality, you have to join his army. First of all, leave your house, stop living with parents, no job for 20 to 30 years, 31 year old motorcycle, take out clothes, good father is raising you and you are conscious, I will give birth to children and I will be able to take care of you.  I will take it and I will become the protector. Father is recorded as the eldest. Mother gives birth to the Guru. Chauth house is seen from the Chauth house. New house in Astrology. For the father, for the Guru, for the religion. I am the father. You know how to be a man, but he  It is very difficult to maintain and run a relationship, Vivek goes to wake up, Chetan goes to wake up, Goes to wake up at the age of 28, when you take responsibility in life, like, take responsibility, look into the eyes of the one who comes, when the baby comes, there is more purity than that story.  If you don't get it, you will go to the hospital on movement. The story of love is not necessary, take care of your wife and children and be a hard worker [music] and this army of losers and frustrated army is gathering and they will do very little in this country.  There is a lot of talk about religion, no one knows much about religion, because if religion is known, then these activities are done in the name of religion, this ignorance will become a honey band in this country, which brings this religion.  They roam around and have to write their names as well. Some of them are okay. They belong to all three religions and all four religions. They don't know who they are. Just like there is one basic thing in Hinduism, Gayatri Mantra, similarly there is one thing in every religion.  It is a basic thing, there are some basic things in everyone, even those basic things are not known to those people who are doing the activities because those who would know even the basic things cannot do any activities of their respect religion and cannot do it and here  One  Then there will come a time which will take you in a different way, you will know the relevance of the things, you will become comfortable in life, you will know everything gradually, do n't put the one with commandments, don't put it in the Atlas Sanatan, it is not in Sanatan, there is no book, do n't put it.  Follow the book, don't keep saying it again and again, you have gone to the post, you have read it, rest of the places are already saying it, you have n't read it, it's theirs, it's not here, brother, it doesn't exist, it's good if you haven't read it, even if you don't believe in God.  Well, it was because this also exists, also believe date, also believe and date believe, whatever it says is also believe, whatever you are carrying, every big way, you have read, this is a belief and a believer is a believer, no matter how strong he is.  And beliefs change with time. Believe systems are broken to break them and to break them and he tweets them. It is very important to understand this, so do not forcefully ask or catch.  Everyone's calling will come. Not every man can stand at the border. Not every man can save the country with a gun. In this country businessmen are also needed. In this country money is also needed. Money is also needed. Soldiers are also needed. Doctors are also needed. Every friend is important. Every person.  Just like every man is not needed to reduce everything, similarly every man is not needed here even for his life, but you have told the one who is not joining your army that what are you doing, I will come tomorrow and tell you to come and join.  you are not loving the country  No, why didn't you take the exam? Why didn't you go to India? Why didn't you join the Agni Veer line? You don't love the country. What are you doing? What is a corporate job? Hey, what is becoming a doctor? What is it that you are busy becoming a doctor? In a private college, protect the youth, who is taking it, ask someone who is doing it, there is interest there too, we will have to go, we will go, brother, we had tried, but the selection did not happen there, what does it mean to have received an invitation?  What has happened is that yes, whoever picks up a gun and stands at the border, that is some procedure, some other training, we all are ahead of awakening consciousness because now one crore people are awake, if we run as many as 10 crores, then what will be left in the country? Conscious conscience is awakening, we are awakening and whoever else is doing less is sitting at the straw stock market terminal at 3:30, the future option tomorrow is Port Reliance display, that is a stepwell.  He is also buying mutual funds. If he is a fool then the rest of the people who are doing less are all mad. Whoever is there to do big less is not a brother. Tell me, what is less, I am spreading, am I, you are confusing, you are doing like this, I can't confuse you, you can't convey, you are confused, this is a big saying, it is very difficult to understand.  It is very easy to seduce and mislead, say anything, that next person is going to get job and satisfaction, it is a basic thing which people used to get comfortably earlier, now they are not getting that, neither are they getting fulfillment nor purpose nor anything else.  If you get it then you just say that I am 222 rat, all the rat, you can fall down from the mountain and you will fall somebody needs you comment check this the day before yesterday but unfortunately  People giving over setting is also like this, so they are not able to understand that a mess is happening because what should they do when they come, they are respecting all the things of their mother's sisters and what are they doing to respect the respect of their mother's sisters. You are that too, you too, don't get married, live your life because if you get married then girls should also do their own thing, boys should also do their own thing, join the organization, awaken your conscience, don't meet each other and don't do anything like this and above all very good.  The way is, you feel very good while watching the disc, you change every time, but every time I stop, because I also have 50 less businesses, my friend, I am not conscious, but my conscience, intellect, I am realistic, connected in the real plane, connected to the ground. Sagittarius again turns on the leaders, there will be peace for a month, change will be fine