Hello friends, there is a cat system, only real happiness is in contentment, there is wealth, so today we will take on this Dilip system, how can we collect anything in our country, when the country was poor, 47 576 movements are going on, this is going on, that is going on.  I am poor, it was necessary to give this narrative that if you keep your needs less, then now people will not say, no, it is right, if I have so much money and my needs are so much, then only then I am rich, I want to say this and I have money.  these a little bit different  I can do this, my need is so much but I want so much money, so now I will have to go to the third fourth fifth order of the deep video, stay connected, otherwise it will happen like this, what is this right now, I am not going, why brother, I am making it so hard.  I am making it thoughtfully, this is genuine knowledge, it will be fun, this much is guaranteed, okay, so you understand the concept, today the system is this much, tomorrow it will be this much, so I will keep my less, hey, genuine, there is a need, brother, old, further illness expenses, so we are in this system. cannot maintain such a system  What is my need, you have a problem [Music] All the jobs on YouTube Look at them, brother, you need so much money to retire, when did you get so much money or your monthly expenses became so much, it happened on Excel. Make this, make this bigger and bigger because the man is in pain, so he listens to them, he is losing his job or something else is happening, but I feel like after listening to this, all the same people are about to fall like a tree. watching otherwise  Someone will have to come and tell me, brother, listen to me, listen to me too, if I listen to them, listen to me too, then first of all, when we will release the problem, the problem is not of money, not of the desire for money, because if you ask anyone in private, anyone will say ₹  50000 ₹ 5000 crores, what is the problem, the problem is that it will go to me to earn, what is the problem here and most of the people are going to earn so much that  They say that we reduce our wealth as per our wish, because where there is so much, then why is it your problem, because if you go to any foreign country, you see people swimming there, which we get to see. Some are cycling and some are doing other things and simili life is going well there it doesn't seem like there is leaving one job and doing another. In our country the thinking is that we Indians have to perform well, you say I will not do it 40  Will be ready, I am ready to do it, Malik.  Fire him from the job, I will come on Saturday and Sunday, then the culture has become bad, brother, sometimes when we want to escape for half the time, people say, let's go to a foreign country, let's go to the country immediately, it is not support infrastructure, it is not about air, it is  Not about pollution, these are not issues here, our country is very best because if you go by saying wrong reasons then people will say, this is not suiting us.  The country is blessed but there is so much stupidity and stupidity happening in our country, so many people are not able to understand those stupidities, they are not even trying to correct them, but they reach them and such accidents happen to them, as many of our brothers and sisters are sitting and me.  You are listening and you can also comment, okay, he has not run away from the pollution of the country, I am telling you, it is not that much and he has not run away from it, it is like this, Bhabhi, pipelines burst, they also come, inflation is very high.  This is more and there is no less in other things there because the population is less there, if it is Friday then Sunday Banda went to live his life, went 100 kilometers away, I don't know what all the kites he is flying are he doing to us?  We don't understand how to reduce things like this, we have to reduce them like this, that is, how can we do our program on weekends, so let us release that there is nothing wrong with money, don't reduce the needs, we have got the life of a person, don't reduce the wants, keep them.  Who wants this fickle desire to end you in 20-30 days? These cry early in the morning that go to WhatsApp forward, spent the whole life of their parents through the night, got married to the good and the bad.  Have done it, there is trouble in that too, a child, a child, Dokra, if you release the war that is going on today, those whose marriages have also taken place, the parents have spent more, have to go to school on foot, we would have crossed the river like this. We quit our job, then he got married to your aunt, then my decision is very much theirs but still they have more fun, I am telling this generation had the taste, sitting at 9:00 pm on Haryana Doordarshan, I am watching the children in the family, your children.  There will be memories of that time and those who must have been young at that time, according to the parents who are listening to me today, it had its own fun. Now here in Netflix, I don't understand which country it is, you say, I want to watch this, they say to me.  this has to be seen  He says, go to Amazon Prime, then go here, this series came here, then say, take this hot business start, then take this, take that too. I came to know that if someone with Anil Kapoor watched this one, then this  Take this, take this, how many, how many, now I too, we also want it to be like this, friend, I want less, I don't understand which mobile phone to buy, it is practical to say that I want less, keep it, if it is not a solution, then the solution is this. Only you have reasonable desire and not genuine desire. You should have a desire to travel, eat good food, wear good clothes, this is a genuine thing, do not reduce it, you should have a desire in clothes, you should have a desire in your gadgets, you should have a desire to travel, you should have a desire to eat.  This is the basic life, you are eating less from the rich, why are you fooling your mind, I mean brother, every thing is toxic, isn't it?  If you add water to Coca-Cola and its color becomes the same and you drink it, will you get intoxicated? Will you not get intoxicated? Because you are fooling yourself, you cannot make your own, I am saying this, it is foolishness to say this, you want less choices when you have more life.  Come in, wants cannot be reduced, it is necessary to satisfy desires, you have, your child should know that brother, how does it feel to eat food in a five star hotel, how does it feel to sit in a plane once, this is what it means  How does it feel to travel? How is a good mobile phone? How are good clothes? I am not saying that if you have bought good branded clothes then I am definitely going to buy them. You are doing such and such to increase your desire, but brother, you are doing so much.  You should have the desire to put on a good perfume, buy a good phone, even if you have finished your life even after wanting so much, then you will have to sit in the forest and mountain, I am saying this, I will go there and sit there, please do it with your power. when she sits she is so  If you don't have power then people remain confused because you see one next to you, he is not reducing his desires but he is looking for ways to earn money and do more because in India it is said that if you talk about money then there is one generation.  Those who are above 55 years of age become moralistic because why should they do so because their shop is being closed, they do not have a choice, they can now say to themselves that we have reduced our wants, why did we close it?  brother you 6870  She is a 66 year old woman. You go on a tour of the religious circuit, whatever is yours, you go in your nice Innova car, you travel by air, what is the use of becoming rich without doing anything, it is by forcing yourself, no one can do it.  Also call your loved ones rich, I am contented, there is wealth in contentment, there is wealth in contentment, I am also talking about wealth, neither are you looking for rich nor in contentment, you are looking for contentment in wealth, which is more important, wealth is in contentment.  is the line  What, do it by making it a more important question, no friend, in a society where war stops questioning, progress will end there. I come from within every day and try to shine some light. By saying anything, I am giving the choice of good or bad in the comment section.  It is not good to put it because I should know the SIP, don't wear it, outsource it on rent, content is being created like this, it means that it is going in the direction, it means fine. Today you are capturing the thought process, this is the most important thing where you have captured the thought of war and good and bad videos will come made for you people, now for some other time, the country is our aspiration and young.  There are many people who give useless knowledge. More people are coming to give clarity. There are more people who are motivating. There is no need for motivation. Motivation is needed to get up in the morning to do something in life.  You need motivation to do this. Hey, you were born as a human being. This is your great luck. You did not become a dog's child. It is okay that you did not come into the human vagina. What else do you need, meaning something in life? Do you need motivation? Do I want to do something? Motivation to do something is rich, my wants are less, Papa will wake me up, that's what I am doing, so do n't say no in the morning, my wants are less, I do n't want to eat breakfast, I don't even want to take a bath, I don't even want to see sexy, I do n't even want to get married because I want to.  No, he doesn't want to get married, if he doesn't want to get married, then why should he cut the car? If he doesn't want to cut the car, then he has to do this job, then he has to do this too, he is going on this and I will try to stop him, okay brother, being normal.  Having normal design, as they say in science, multiply by multiplying, or someone like that, like a rule, if it is not working in 90% of the cases, then what are you sitting with, even a closed watch shows the correct time twice a day.  That is also knowledge, no no, you are saying this vehicle, this stop it shows correct time, these times come at 6:00 pm, let's stop clock syndrome, this is fine and lot of people travel from this van, that is brother, it is not like this, you are one  A thing is true 98% of the time, 99% of the time it is you, now you will ask 1% and say, this is not right, and something is right only 1% of the time, two percentage is okay, you will tell that, this is okay, I  Mental model has been taught in it. Mental model will be found in the green play list. Please try and people will come to answer. I hope your enjoying the content. Please share and like and if you are not please subscribe.