Hello friends, this I will use the word nuisance and nonsense should stop. If you are with me in this and agree then write agree in the comment section, if you disagree then keep disagreeing. Recently in Noida, we have seen a lot of things happening in Noida. I don't know if there is any issue with the dogs in the societies there, what is the problem with this child, again a video has come, what a very disturbing video and it keeps coming many times like this. All the dog lovers and keep dogs, it is a request to all of them that please use the stair case. Now, if you live on 40th floor, I know the stair case.  If you can't use case then please use passenger lift or if you can't use that too then I request all of you who are my subscribers that if you see a dog  Just don't go in that lift, just go that brother, you are a bastard, you go with the dog, I will come later because how will an animal behave in close spaces, that animal is an animal, very much human behavior, we cannot predict half the times.  These are such times, we don't know what is happening with the animal, what is going on in its mind, what is happening with you, many people think of you as a son or daughter, right, those who are dog lovers, I am in this.  I had made a video earlier also on the psychology of a dog lover. If you people want it again, I will tell you about that emptiness and what mental and those issues remain, they will be separated, Ketu and all is fine but here I am trying to be.  Like scientific, if it is okay, then please, this dog owner gets your dog slaughtered. How many injections does a child get? Nowadays, maybe it has reduced but it is a matter of so much pain, why do you do it, then what are those people?  They will say that the dog was registered, but today I don't understand that if any incident happens in India, then we will find out whether it was registered or not, as if registered people can be strictly controlled, that is, on everything.  This will happen: CCTV camera was installed, it will be visible through CCTV camera and you will sensitize it on news channel but say CCTV camera stop a dog from bytefence call out, RWS need of societies. To you know, do something about it, reduce it a little, friend, they do it in other countries also, oh brother, I have already told you this in those videos also, here the middle class is fond of dog rice, they are raising dogs and keeping dogs.  Not meant to be in confined spaces, buy a farm house, buy a big house, keep 50 dogs as you wish, you will live inside the flats and all your hobbies, the Nawab's pals are mine. I am a little emotionally hurt, that's why I have to use some strong words and some dog lovers may feel hurt, but more than their hurt, I am worried about that child's hurt and not about any other child or elderly person or  If anyone has any such reason for biting a young person, then there is less issue because anyone can panic, it is a child, a child can panic, sometimes what happens is the dog is coming to you normally.  He will not bite but if the child panics, he shouts something and does something so that the dog panics and he does something like this because like there are so many people who are dog lovers there are people who are dog haters also and they also  Aegist and they may not like it is like veg and nonveg thing happens na bhi late aar to bhaiya de every buddy aegist nobody can say or not this is the butt of food  Nobody wants to be in your face, it does not mean that even if you eat non-veg, nobody wants that, you open a butcher shop in front of your house, do you agree with what I am saying, those who also eat non-veg, brother, you don't.  Want means if you do it then that is the same thing brother I suppose if some buddy is not a dog lover now he has to live in this world he can't just say that brother  You can do everything to someone whose dogs mean that brother, he will not listen to his words, but he should also have some rights, not everyone will have some rights, just like a vegetarian will have rights, right, you went to a table like this one recently.  One came and this could be cultural issues, two were meeting, there was a merger going on, there was something on the table, one made non-veg, the other came, he was hurt that why didn't you ask, no, we do n't deal with you, so he was a different person.  It becomes a topic of discussion but what I am trying to say is that we have to respect everything in today's world if we have to coexist because these things will happen further, I believe again and again that man, I am saying that tomorrow I  So I will get the elephant, the baby elephant, now you will stop me at some stage or I will say no, I run horses, horses are not allowed in the society, I cannot keep horses, now Dwarka Express, a society is coming.  There will be horses also, I am telling you that it will be a horse farm and all this will be acreage, the society is very expensive, there are flats worth Rs. 10 crores, okay, where does it stop, can we keep lions, otherwise, dogs are the law.  What are you saying How long can you keep it Something needs to come I personally feel there should be a law What is wrong Where it is told that dogs cannot be kept by  So and so se less wala s in this less space means you can keep a dog in a one room house, 12 people and one dog also means think practically, some rule should come out, no dog if dog it is something like that if  If you don't have space to keep a car, then you will buy a car and keep it. Yes, then delay must be the law. Do you know how fights happen in Delhi? Do dogs also have rights outside the parking lot?  If there were human rights, there are also dog rights, so the dog rights people cannot say that if you keep it, then you are eating it. How much is this animal able to roam? Dog has been the great friend of human beings over a period of time.  This was denied, he used to go for hunting, it was for guarding, the cattle that you had and when those wild animals would come, then those dogs would wake up with their barks and then those men would get up and  It is historic, it is all that, no one can deny it but see the content and the spaces in which the dogs were bred and nowadays many exotic species are being created, many laws have come in foreign countries that you cannot do this, no.  Can you do that? Which is that dog which can't breathe? What is the breed? I do n't know the name, but it is found in Gurgaon and Delhi and here you ca n't breathe like that.  If you have kept it, then beyond that you are committing another sin, but no one will discuss this. Even dog lovers have some meaning, brother, you should also be towards the society, na der aar sam peop hu aar pag pag pag hota hota, perhaps se koi is right.  His name is there, there are some people and cigarette lovers, he is a cigarette lover, he smokes 10 drinks a day, he smokes only when he loves, otherwise why would he do such a thing with his lungs, then it became his law that brother, you should not smoke in public spaces.  It has become a law to smoke wherever you want. Okay, so can we do something here or not? There is no limit, anyone can keep any number of dogs, they can keep them anywhere, they can keep them anywhere. Can take them anywhere, can make them do anything, their meaning is that they keep spreading filth, keep picking them up in the lifts, keep picking them here, keep picking them there, don't care about anyone, they come out silently in the dark nights, they do n't even open their own eyes and they keep making them do it. And then silently they go away like a wet cat inside the entire society. You are giving them 12 12 Haj maintenance expenses. I mean brother, why late, there should be some checks and balances, I don't mean dogs and they come to fight like this.  I am saying that if you comment too much on someone's child, he will not fight but this dog lover has so much love for them, they do not love their children, you can say something to their children but you cannot say anything to the dog.  The dog which can bite you, which makes you feel tons and what is their worst thing, will say nothing, will say nothing, I have seen such women, now no one is gender shaming women, even children have seen some who themselves  He has no weight and no strength and his leash is held loosely and as soon as the dog does something, I can tell just by looking at it that it cannot be stopped, it cannot be stopped because he is a strong man and if he holds it then you  r like that  Well, just like they don't go to the police or those people who check, so you are like that man, that guy is also strong and in that way, he is holding her in such a lewd manner that she doesn't even come out of here with his leash like this.  She is held here, she is stuck like this and is held by the hand, then you still think that man, there is some check balance, they also know that these are dangerous ones, so they have got that here, there is nothing here, they are rotating like this.  And you will say sorry, your dog has bitten you in a minute, you will say sorry, this means in India the car will be reversed, you will touch it, then you will say sorry, after that you will say sorry, then he will shout and then he will say, why should I give up my life, will I be touched, sorry or take it.  00 Now take the same thing, what will you do with the dog's bat? Tell me, if your dog bites someone because of your negligence, because ultimately a dog is a dog, brother, that means that, that, call him Tommy.  Call it a dog, give it any good sexy name, it is a dog, I had to make such a big video because brother, it is not being discussed, it just comes in the newspaper, it is done like this, someone has done it, isn't it just an issue or a religious threat?  This one is in danger, that one is in danger, will the issue remain the same or can there be some other better issue that brother, humans are in danger, those dogs are the dogs, who manages them, so I am not talking about what the government does, who will go and tell the government? These are street dogs  They are stray dogs, their management is increasing, all this is your corporation and whoever is in charge, they are failing like anything but many times a man thinks that come on, the street dock is in the street, I am living in a condominium, I am living in a society.  I am living in a flat worth 5,10,20 crores. Am I not safe there too? I have accepted it outside, I do n't know what the government will do, but I am taking my co-lifter in one of my OCs.  Friend, the dogs are running away now, where should they run away, tell me, at least brother, this dog lover is not going to follow the rules because I am not telling you, there are some issues with dog lovers, if I say this much now, then I know that I will never teach you.  In the webinar I will give you what issues and what emotional issues are there and do you need someone to lick. Do you have any issues around your wife or children whose health is good? Today I will tell you openly, leave it and what will happen next.  By making commentary, remove the emotional issues. Children are not having it, they don't want to do it, children don't listen, it's loneliness, it's okay, you've accepted it, it's okay, it's not the responsibility of others to agree, is n't it a disease of the rest of the society? If you have so many issues, isn't it?  Live somewhere, there should be a society where it should be written that dogs are allowed or dogs are not allowed so that people can be clear before buying a house whether it will hit us here or not.  Don't buy a flat, there is a lot of choice of flats, you yourself, I am telling you this, when they go on leave, I am telling you one more thing, what torture happens to the dogs also, they leave them and go away, you tell this, a dog.  I have kept him in the flat, he has gone away for a day or two, he is barking and will also become ferocious, he has not gone out to urinate, has not gone out or is doing there or has not got food, has not got water now.  you gave him your  Kept in the premises, now he has so much brain that he has to bite his boss or bite the neighbor. They are also kept from behind and are in the same condition. Are they taken care of? Those who leave the children of human beings.  I do n't know what the condition is there, CCTV cameras are installed there or I don't know what oaths and promises have to be given and I don't know whether a man's heart beats there too or not. You can imagine what will happen with the dog, now you understand what I am saying, you have to go for 28 days, this is a menace to you, you have to discuss it in the society, you have to say, brother, what right do you have to keep a dog?  There should be something, if you have a draw license then you should know how to drive a car, there is a test if you cannot see with your eyes and if they give you a license, then before keeping the dog, someone will ask, where are you keeping it, someone is keeping four, someone is keeping two.  someone is keeping one  There should be a limit, there should be square footage, there should be premises and there should be some consent of other people because you will keep the dog, I will keep the lion cub, you tell me no, if you don't want to keep this lion, it will be too much, why who am I deciding which act is being imposed?  You can keep a horse, you can keep a donkey, you can also keep a small cute donkey, it means what is it and what I am saying, keep cats, keep parrots, these are all hobbies.  I am not refusing people, I have respect for them, but I am saying that you, this affordable housing has been built, it has a density of 150, the rest of the density is also increasing, if you keep this and that in it, there is no place for humans.  Because these people do not calculate, now I will become a state person, but still I tell you, the maids have also come, the hawkers have also come, the drivers have also come, there are many people, the crowd is very large, the lift went on like this.  The lift is going and is not available and then you put a dog in it. Now if I ever see a dog in the lift, I don't enter it. I am telling mine and I will also tell you that if you see a dog in the lift then you should get out.  And if someone is bringing it then tell him no no no again and again I am going out, I am not telling you that you don't mind, you are a dog lover, your time also has a lot of value, the truth came after adopting a dog, now you should know.  I'll do mine later  I will take it, you do it like this, you go first, I will take the next lift, I will go from the CDI, I am a better option because any dog ​​owner is on the key floor, I know that he cannot go from the CDI, but these people on the third floor are also not on the second floor.  Those people also go by lift, this one also has to take the lift only and this other one will not even go on the lift, because if you want to know the dogs, then what normal brother you have talked about and these classes, you have made meds.  For what ever reasons, I don't enter into it. I am not a classist, I am a practical man. For what ever security reasons, I have done the coming and going or what ever reasons, but the dog will come with the sir. Why is the dog no less than the sir? Tell me, raise the issue It's an issue and it needs to be resolved Every buddy has a right Like dog love has their right  But there is a limit to that right, it is not a free country but this free country is for everyone, it is not for you alone, it is for us too, it is for others also, so that is the responsibility, rules and regulations should be written for all the dogs which have to be checked. Whatever their system may be since I'm not too much into veterinary science I really don't know but whatever their system may be it should be this thing to complain about  Late friend, you tell me if someone hurts your child and goes away, Tom Deacon Harry, by mistake or knowing how big a person becomes, he will not come into the society, it will not happen like this, it will not happen and it should happen, I am saying it should happen too.  There is no big thing above the safety of the child, it is fine in life, but if the dog does something, then why nothing, brother, who will answer, what will be the loss, what will be the compensation, brother, tell me, the cost of car parking is Rs. 100 rupees in the mall.  go somewhere  So many times people hesitate, take money from them to keep the dog, you will give this much money if you keep the dog because your dirt will be more, you will pay more for maintenance, if I don't have a dog, you have a dog, I will accept the maintenance.  If I am giving you then you will give 110. Let's start with this. It is very practical advice. Make the degree of difficulty. Otherwise, the country is free. You can go anywhere you want, in Gurgaon and Noida.  Why do you have to live in flats and keep dogs? You are a dog lover, you go friend, the whole of Rajasthan is empty, the whole of Gujarat is empty, India feels so dense, population, population, you get everything in India, enjoy everything, there is some pain, that is why I have made this and Those who are resonating with this, I am saying sense, execution can be decided without being confused, run away, no no, discuss, discuss, discuss, discuss the breeds also, this  The dog is like this, it is like this, it is like this, because even the cute dogs come in different shapes, which one is okay, which one is not okay, let the discussion be late, it happens in civilized society, it happens in western countries, it happens in outside countries, rules are passed. What has been done in them, you write what is there in your knowledge because brother, that society is very much like that because there it is not only a human being but even a dog's full rights are protected there too, those who follow them only.  The countries in the countries, which we call like this, will be there, there is no need to be more people than the people, we just copy the rights of the people, that brother, this has been defined, there is only so much, there is more than this.  No, here we have to fight everyday, so please share the video, subscribe the channel, like it, thank you very much.