Hello friends, due to financial influence finance financial financial influence, the energy of many youth is being wasted on this thing, that of young couples is being wasted, many of the middle aged people are also wasting it and what is this thing which makes them say that it is okay?  You have to note down your expenditure and download apps for it and complete it. You are wasting a lot of energy on this. What should you do? Why should you not waste energy? What should be the solution? What should be the calculation?  I am going to tell you one more thing in this, I am going to tell you one more thing along with this, that investing in mutual fund is not going to make you rich also, if I had put that on top then people would have thought that it is clicky, so I did not put that all that.  I will keep it in the part and explain it in a very sweet way. Please understand that you have one Tankha. Let's assume it is a common Tankha. Let's accept how many. Many times people feel that if they tell that Tankha then people will  I wonder who has this much because the audience is connected everywhere, yet I take courage and accept it as a salary. In a city like Gurgaon, lakh rupees is a common salary. In other cities too, it can be Rs. 60-7 thousand. It goes up and down but lakhs of rupees are talked about by a 30 year old man who has been married for two years. Now what we are taught is to keep a lot of expenses in mind, so if you keep all the expenses in the bank.  If you are doing it from Rs., then what is the need to note down, you paid the rent exactly like this, after that you bought clothes, gave food to the maid, you also have Paytm-in lakhs of rupees and the expenses are around 1.25 lakhs and 1.5 lakhs. Brother, it is like this, you will have to save 10-20 thousand, otherwise what are you doing? You will have to save this much minimum, do SIP in mutual fund as much as you want to save, now you will say, if you want mutual fund then tell me.  I was not rich, so when did I say that I am rich from mutual funds, then I still did not say that mutual fund investing definitely helps you in not becoming poor. It will not make you rich but not investing anyway will definitely make you poor. Okay, so this.  You have to understand that you will not go up but if you don't do it then you can go down but what to do and what to understand and I will also explain its logic so on this  A lot of energy is being spent, a lot is shown to each other, there are fights between husband and wife, there are issues in the relationship, there are expenses to be made, many times the wives do not even know how much the husband is earning.  And everywhere else just put money in the account and spend the money from the account itself, you will understand automatically, don't waste energy on all this, in two to three months you will come to know what.  What is the maid's salary? Your expenses do not vary every month. You eat the same food, live in the same house, live in the same city, the distance is the same, you have the same petrol, the payment plans do not change. Energy is saved on things which will not be wasted and energy has to be put in earning money because one has to become rich through that. Why does the middle class never get rich by investing in mutual funds because whatever they are investing is 10 20.  Hajj, they also actually call it their savings but it is not savings, it is only money for future expenses, like buying a car, buying a house seems too big, then people said, remove the house, go on rent only, it is so big.  Then our life becomes miserable, it seems that we are not earning anything but the fact is that whatever 10, 15, 20 Hajj you are saving, whatever is yours.  You have earnings and these are your expenses, so whatever you are saving, these are also the expenses like painting the house, getting the child's school admission or going on outings or buying a car, these are the expenses between Rs 50000 to Rs 2 lakh.  It is only among these people that the piggy bank breaks. Which mutual fund owner's piggy bank does not break every two years? The one who calls himself middle class, the one who is slightly upper middle class etc. is that yes?  He will keep on running because he is focusing on increasing his income. He is saying that this piggy bank will not break. Today I save 10000, then I will save 20, then I will save 30, then I will save 40, maybe then I will not be able to save 50 but that much.  40 40 saved, but I will not break the 10 that I was saving and the piggy bank that I had opened earlier, otherwise they will earn money for a long time.  You will earn money in the long term but most of the piggy banks are breaking. Lehengas will break at the wedding. People are buying lehengas worth one lakh rupees. The hydraulic lift is coming. Such weddings will also take place. There will be a video on the wedding. Lehengas are coming on the hydraulic lift.  The dust is coming here, the joining is happening like this, the stage is being built, then they are getting up from somewhere like this, something is happening from behind and that means ask their money, it means weddings.  I for one am saying that there should be a trend in every marriage, Dhalla Dhun 's income should be disclosed without insulting the society. Society should know that brother, this Dhula's salary is 0000 and the bride's salary is 0000. Whatever it is, both of them earn 1200 and this  See how 60 lakh 50 lakh are being spent here because it is the parents who are spending it. Hey, not the parents, son, we have taken care of so many people, son, we will have to do it.  So this is also the truth of life, this is also the same thing that was being told about energy waste, that we will pay very close attention to our monthly expenses, throughout our life, we were taught by the same parents who will spend those four hours in four hours. People often say that the wedding expenses are so much, who is spending 40-50 lakhs on a middle class? Hey brother, give me a set of jewelery and that too the lehenga, everything will come in the cost of the wedding, whatever you are giving, that too.  so about marriage  The expense is only for food, I don't know how to eat even that much, although people have made the system very expensive, the whole system has become expensive, but the fact is that throughout your life you have kept track of fifty-four eighty-eighths, which is better than your wife.  You could have eaten, you could have sat, you could have experienced and then you came and did it like this, then why were you keeping track of it, why were you wasting so much energy, if you had to fly then you would have never done that in your life.  so it was in this Energy ji gives a mindset of scarcity. I am not at all saying that if it is worth Rs. 1 lakh, then if we do not pay attention to the expenses, then our expenses will become wasteful. How will that money become wasteful?  You can do this. If a person with a salary of Rs 1 lakh does not use a credit card, then how can he spend unnecessarily? Tell me, the money is being withdrawn from the bank itself, otherwise if it is not there, create an emergency fund, then do this.  Take and count your expenses, what is this, this is a very manipulative thing and unfortunately this has been going on for the last seven years, when it started in the beginning, we assumed that we should have financial literacy, this should happen, but tell me friend, any financial Look at the influencer, it is still the same thing, he will say what you should have, you should have a six months emergency fund, okay then you got to know, how many times will you tell me now?  Regarding this and in the emergency fund, if one's parents have an emergency fund, then what is the problem? If you have too much emergency fund, if your health is insured, you have life insurance, then you have an emergency fund for your living.  Luminati World, which runs this society, has done this to scare the people who are employed in the society by throwing them out of the jobs of Expenses. That is why this situation has happened. The latest thing happened is that a 45 year old woman died while working in HDFC, Lucknow.  What is happening inside now, that ca na subst, that was going on case but man 45 is also young only 45 ko so you can't say it is old 45 me woman working while finishing the bank off that taala talash picture kaun tha  C. Aamir Khan used to talk like this in Mumbai language, he has gone off, meaning people are getting off like this here, friend, they are getting off while walking, meaning I feel scared, who will go off when and who will be off at what time?  If this happens, then how much do I have to spend all my energy or I have to pay attention to how to earn more money. And it can be earned in many ways. I am one of the women who are earning money on their channels by doing unconventional things and doing conventional things.  It is the same in a way but people used to think that they were unconventional but gradually they will become conventional that by starting a small business from home one can easily earn lakhs, one and a half to two lakhs in every business these days. What is the listing and venture capital even before starting the children and I have to go here that how I will not become a billion dollars means people are not happy and satisfied that brother there is a job worth 70,800 thousand lakhs and 1.5 lakhs where people are sacrificing their lives.  It is better to do some work of your own and that work will never bring you Rs 2 crore, you will never get listing but you will earn more money than salary on a sustainable basis and it will increase.  If your salary will continue to increase more than what you were supposed to increase in a year, then it will be quite stress less and many people can start but they have to do one two by four, one two by four and after that then if that much is not happening then  Then I don't have to do it or I overleverage and then after that tension happens and then that work gets finished then please stop wasting your energy on this mutual fund because by doing SIP, you will get this much, you will get as much as you want. Do it once and then stop as soon as you get to know it, I do n't understand one thing that you have given the paper, you have given an exam, you have given the paper, the man comes and checks once or twice, everyone knows how many marks you will get.  It remains that friend, it is fun, it is my time, but one paper has second paper, the other has third paper and the other one has fourth paper, so I have to prepare for the next paper, keep checking in the same paper, how many marks will I get, that is the paper, the result has been given.  Whenever you are in a month or two  It will turn out that we will come to know that so many will come, so I am thinking that my 92 will come but somewhere 95 will come, let's see who will come, friend, it is a rough estimate, now prepare for the next paper, that is life, started SIP of mutual fund, now after making that 5000, if  By growing so much, it will become this much and after growing that much it will become that much and at how much it will become as much as it will become, it will become that, see are you happy with it right now that it will become this much, it will become that much, you will not be rich.  You know that you will have to work to earn money, if it becomes so much then it will become so much, it is the criteria which the middle class has in their dreams, so Mukesh Ambani's children do not need to work, they  The amount of money you will get in your SIP in 50 thousand years will be more than that by doing SIP and compounding in 500 years. So these people are already sitting on it. Do you know how much these 500 years are? Okay, so this is  Don't work because they have already done so much then why do they go to do this work Why people are you no financial influence means going on this route and people are still going that way I don't understand I am surprised  If you people are surprised then tell me in the comment section. You will find webinar info groups. You can take membership of the channel. I break a lot of misconceptions and take it to practical level. I claim this is more than me. I am not telling practical things, I keep asking you people again and again on Financial Channel, put it in the comment section, I am thinking of a new stand up comedy in the new year or winter, keep comedy stereo type, will abuse and speak dirty, and that's it. If someone like me does a sit down comedy like me, it will be a comedy that will abuse badly, then you do n't know that my separate channel will not work, however, if I do it on my normal channel, then people like it.  Either tell me brother because yes if I keep telling like this then you tell me there is no need to open a new channel because when I open a new one I will not leave the finance on such big things like Seven Mistakes I Did in My 20 Five Mistakes Too  Avoid in 30 I did this, you did this Hey, who are you, the God on whom one can walk on the feet, what a great work you have done in life, no, no, I have made mistakes, so what happens people, I have done many things.  If he makes mistakes then people think that he is teaching very well, he has made mistakes and if you have reached here after making so many mistakes then you can also reach here, this is me motivating you, you cannot reach, life was very forgiving, you are doing mistake Mr. Ankur.  Warik ji, his name has to be taken because he is the champion of making these mistakes and has misled 50 lakh 60 lakh people into the misconception that he You made mistakes, don't do them. Hey, you could have saved yourself by making mistakes because life was forgiving. I am not at all saying that you are lying. It is okay, but today 's war cannot learn anything from your mistakes. Today, you do not even have the opportunity to make mistakes at that time.  There was so much opportunity to make mistakes today, chach again this thing chach society you come from how your parents are, some are not allowing you to parent today, no one will ever get that answer motivation. I am telling you this and I do not use my personal example because there is no use if you learn anything from making mistakes. If you make more mistakes in life, you will lose all.  The confidence is all nonsense. The first mistake you made is that the money is lost. The second is lost and then there is no money. The third is that your friends are telling you that if your parents and people around you are telling you that you could not do it.  Munna could not actually become Munna is a fact. It feels good to hear these stories because we will hear the story of a survivalist who did it like this but the chances are still 99 but you cannot make too many mistakes. There is not much scope in your life.  If you want to perform somewhere in life then that is that if you want to go to the international cricketer level then you will make mistakes in the first 10 matches and then you will be out. Yes Ranji you will definitely.  You will pretend that you were talented and there you will suffer for your mistakes, that's fine but you will never go to the big league because life does give opportunity it gives at various times also but it never gives endless opportunity it seems to us like this  It seems that we have that self- confidence from within and that is not lost on everyone. If I make a video, if one of my videos gets spoiled, two of them get spoiled. Let it be three, I have a good past record, mine is good, but brother, if you ask Akshay Kumar ji how many hit pictures he has, his total hit pictures have earned 5-6 thousand crores, not close to a billion dollars, now see.  What is happening to them, they are saying that I will keep trying but brother, ask that Vashu Bhagnani whose office was sold, he got shaken in Chhote Miyan Bade Miyan, so this is something like we have too.  Understand that now let us watch the video, it goes from somewhere to somewhere, if you get stuck on the line, then so much of the content is explained in one, in one it is explained that its 50 lines are the life lines of making youtube0 but that would be like Kaun Banega Crorepati. One, two, two, three, four, everyone has one, but they are limited. If you are very lucky, there will be a little more, if you are unlucky, there will be a little less, and most of the average people are sitting there, but brother, there is a limit, not limitless, so it is okay.  Like, Share and write in the comment section. Thank you very much. My relationship course is being launched after Diwali. Those who want to enroll for it can visit whatsappwap.in.