Hello friends, this is a very important and serious topic and it will liberate the youth, it will benefit you and youth can be people in their youth, even till 35-40, this is a very important topic for all of you, please watch and listen carefully. A biggest reason for unhappiness.  I am going to discuss the biggest cause of sadness in the life of youth and why I had to make this video because it is triggered by Diwali. It was Diwali.  It was Diwali on 31st, I was extremely busy, I was flooded with a lot of consultations and this and I was very busy doing that and now I felt that it is very important to tell this through a video and those patterns were seen earlier also, I tried to address.  I tried but did not say so openly, I did not say so openly that brother, this is the region, many people think that there is no population issue in India.  If people have become other wise, I don't know whether India would have become a happy country or the reason for our unhappiness is population or brother, it is pollution, now you have heard the video, I will tell you after a minute, just guess, it is pollution, it is corruption.  Because these are the irritants or traffic jams, okay unhappiness is happening boss job no no nono brother sir very amazing video is going to happen, I will do a little role for a couple of minutes  I will take it. If it is a thriller movie, I do n't tell you in the first scene that go to watch that secret movie. Someone like me, some friend of ours says Kajol is the killer, meaning the same finished movie is fine, it was a secret movie in 1998, watch Kajol is the killer. Go picture Bobby, don't give Kajal, now you guess who all are, what are the reasons for unhappiness, I have also told you four or five things, conflict over job, value of money.  No, understand, and I have become a hit on Diwali, and I will liberate you, and I will tell this, and the society has to tell this, and this has to be explained, and everyone has to share, do you agree with this, then that also has to be written in the comment section. Participate The biggest reason for unhappiness of youngsters and youth of India is their own parents Parents Indian parents of 1950's 1960's They are born unable to be happy, they are not happy with their life and they put everything on their children. The child took a plane from Bangalore and reached Delhi after pushing his way to Haldwani. And the parents were still not happy. Many fought. In the midst of a fight, I am one, now this is not an imaginary thing, I have done many things to many, I have done many things, but I could not do it because there is a limit of time, but the common pattern is that after Diwali, many of these losses have happened. Not happy with the son-in-law, not happy with the daughter, the daughter is angry, the gift is not right, people have accepted this much because I am an astrologer, also it is okay, many people are connected with me, good Guruji, I gave Lakshmi ji by doing this to Lakshmi ji.  He said, now omens should not be given like this, gifts should not be given. Those little Indians who are mothers have no knowledge of religion, neither of astrology nor of knowledge. They should ask everything about their next generation.  We have to love in life, whether it is son, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, and we will give them the will to come across, he is the champion, I am like that, we are professionals, we can call the bluff of any mother, sister, etc. in two minutes. Ok Bhai Saheb, you are the one with little knowledge. Madam, you have spread the raita. I am addressing all the mothers and mothers in loss. You have no knowledge in your family. I will test you. What should one do if one does not get 15 marks out of 100 in that test? It is a bad omen as soon as you say one, that is why these people have ruined this religion, these rituals and these things so much that the next generation will  Because of them, religion is in danger, what they say in politics, it is other people's religion in danger, it is because of them, religion is in danger, today I am making a video very openly, my feelings are coming out from within for the society.  I have affection from within, my business is going well, if the sorrows spread in the world, they will come to us only. What does it matter to the doctor that everyone has an upset stomach? He will prescribe medicine to everyone and take out a prescription. Eat bad food every day, have an upset stomach every day. Come.  And take it, stick it, stick it, we are consultants, what do we have but still we are also towards the society, I consider my self as a social, not only a social observer but a social.  The reformer was also Vidyasagar ji, Sir Ram Mohan Roy, everyone was whipped at that time and at that time, still I would say that it was easy for him because he was educated, people in the society were educated, those who I am saying today were even more educated than me.  There are people, you may not be knowledgeable but you are definitely educated and will say who are you, it is not easy because if you are roaming around a lot, then parents are causing you.  Unhappiness And I 'll Prove It To You And I'll Tell You What's Happening C Parents Are Supposed To Be Like Chargers Mobile Chargers The Battery Got Down You Took Charge From Them Who's The One Who Downs The Battery Your Boss Job Traffic Pollution Money Relationships Targets Goals That  So they are sucking, they are hitting, but you come and give accommodation to your parents somewhere like this in mother's pallu, father's in it like this.  Someone should sit after doing this, someone should give coolness to the country. Just imagine, friend, we have made Diwali so big that we should celebrate that festival together. And what are you going to memory lake? Do you know the ticket rates spent on an across the country flight? What would have happened to you?  How do people go in the train on Diwali The very fact Some buddy came to you from the other part of the country to meet you And Itna Itna Madam Itna Sir Ji Jo Baithe Hain Parents This is  How you failed, all such people do not happen like this, I am at 95, I am also telling you such numbers, if it is among your five, then brother, you are that other wise. The domestic conditions at that time were probably such that they had to become like this, the region too.  I am telling you, understand carefully, even if it is a little long video, it will liberate you. The generation born after 1947, their parents were slaves because of the country, if you are someone born in 48 or 52. Even at the age of 55, 60, 65, his father was born before, so perhaps there would not have been any father in the age of 47 to 18. Well, most like, those people were poor because the country itself was poor and they were not even educated, so this generation.  She might have been educated and had done relatively well by working hard but she did a lot of bossy on her parents and her parents tolerated it with a smile because by default setting she was more educated than them.  They were earning more money than them because the country was progressing because they were born in 1950 1960 they were working in 1980 90 when they started working and earning money they were better off then we all know this is how India progressed before liberalization 991  Before that the entire country was poor but now the children who were born later are not very poor.  Financially well off then their parents may be more educated, maybe even earn two rupees more but their parents do n't get impressed like this, don't teach us so soon, we have attitude in our attitude, this is Amitabh Bachchan of all the love.  They are there and they are acting like Amitabh Bachchan of Bagwaan that great injustice is being done to us, we have been exploited, we have been looted, we have done so much to our parents, oh so much to our parents.  Did it because you had the ability to do it and the country was poor, you had four paisa, so you did it, now what should your children do, you have money, you show us the opinion of money, we don't want money, then what do we want, we just want some respect and  I need just a little time, so you came to give me some time, poor Halwani, what happened next, madam, they are listening, so you came, you were a boy, you came to give time, you also brought a gift along with you, why did you bother, why are you angry about all these things?  Married life is full of toxins  Who are pouring it on the next generation And now they are united They were not united in their whole life They were struggling this generation to give due to them I don't paint anybody black And something they went through their struggles Like every generation before them has guns and  After They Have Guns And Even After Those Who Are Not Yet Born Will Also Go There is no one in the human race who has not struggled Those who were born at the time of World War, those who saw World War One, World War Two and all, what should they say? Poor, those who saw Faiman and saw everything, they will say that we have come in very dirty times, gray depression is happening in America.  Yes, there again, we saw World War One, we also saw two, we died, we grew old, we too lived, it's not such a great shakes, but it's okay, but the fact is that there is a lot of toxins in the relationships.  What needs to be addressed and called out am I right do you agree with me this is happening and we have to resolve because Indian parents especially middle class parents are causing so much of damage mental damage because what was there in their life good food fed mental  They did n't have any food in India, so feed them good food, brother, eat desi ghee, brother, eat churma, brother, eat dough.  I am talking about Haryana, eat fruits, someone in South India would say eat idli, eat anything, whatever healthy thing is spoken, nobody talks about mental food, mental health, that is being talked about now because we have crossed that roti. Kapda Makaanwala State as Status as a Country and We Need to Discuss True Things and These Things See Aapko Bahar Vaale To Chus Hi Lenge Can You Change the Traffic Can You Change the  Infrastructure Overnight Can You Change How Your Boss Is Going To Treat The only thing a person can wish for is their own parents who have created that brother, you listen to us, give us pause, give us coolness, you recharge the batteries so that the world can rob us.  The world is being looted outside, the parents are being looted, that is why the condition of the children is very bad, to the extent that we even hear these things, you know these things, I am tearing them apart in threads.  I will explain in my relationship course which will be my iconic starting on Saturday 7 PM 9 PM I want most of you who are dealing with true things and issues to join that course because I don't want because my consultation fee is more than the course  Fees and the course will be for 14 15 hours duration over Saturdays from Saturdays end  Recordings Will Also Be Given So That You Can You Know Your Life You Will Understand My Life What Happened Why Happened Because Lot Of People Have Not Sorted Out Their Trauma Did Trauma Only And They Do n't Even Know That It Is A Trauma Do All These Things With today's parents, tell today's parents, by doing something like this, today's parents, that is, the youngsters, should talk to these parents.  What is trauma? Trauma narcissism. What is narcissism? What is Pacific Race? What is that? Do you keep saying good, eat good, drink good, sleep. Oh brother, you have lived such a life, ate good, drank good, had good sex, now nothing is happening to anyone.  Neither getting married, nor having sex, nor having children, nothing is happening and you are responsible because then don't start the whole course on me here but I hope you.  Understand, there was a lot of emotion in me because I had a lot of experiences. After Diwali, many people came here, now you will see weddings, the wedding season will start now in India, you will not see it, even in weddings, people got angry, this does not end in any celebration in Indian settings.  This is the reason for misery and we are one of the unhappiest country in this world because if you see this on the Unhappy Indian Index, the number comes down, very angry.  It climbs, you tell me, a country like Norway, Denmark, there the sun comes out half the time, there is so much cold, I don't know anything there, I don't know that they are the happiest and we are here because we are in trouble, Pakistan is also above us, we should be ashamed of this and this is what I believe in.  This is that our number on the index has actually just been raised a little by someone and ours should go down a little further because what is actually sad and should not happen is that here all the four seasons are ultimate, there is not much here.  Whether it is winter or summer or rain, all the seasons are mountains, forests and waterfalls, we are a blessed country as far as geography and everything is concerned, God has been very kind on us, we have spread this within ourselves, nothing can be enjoyed from us like a function like a wedding. I want to ask today, before I stop this video, there will be weddings, have you also attended the wedding, who enjoys the wedding, the girl 's boy's song, his two friends, who are all, more than half of them?  Relatives are close, they are walking on egg shells, lest someone gets angry, someone might get into trouble, someone might become an issue, the sensitivity is such that one doesn't know what it might be, if it is a distant relative, they do n't come right these days.  Weddings are coming now Wedding season is coming It's better that you learn these things The disease has spread at the Padme level We require lots of people too  Help People Sort This Out This thing coming out of my tongue feels bitter, bitter gourd juice comes out, it's okay that you have put neem laddus in your mouth, but brother, this will clean the blood, do you sing agree with me  I am the first of all and it does not seem that I am insulting many people and many become personal that you are your parents, I am a Guruji as a person and I am a Guruji at home also. I am fine but I want to tell the rest of the society that this is a big problem because you people have not figured out what the actual issues are. People are extremely selfish these days especially the elders. The biggest people I see are Today 60 65 70 equally selfish 75 year old more selfish than 70 year old 80 year old more selfish like this  It seems that friend, how will you get salvation here, your behavior is your end, no one can call out, why can't I call out, some buddy has to come from a domain like me, some buddy says that I am Guruji ji, I am  So I would say, brother, but a child cannot speak, yes, how did you say that, you have bad values, how can you speak like this, this is this bluff, you will be called out, okay, just getting old does not make one wise, one does not become wise just because one's hair turns grey.  One does not become knowledgeable, one should be seen in the words, one should be seen in the impact, okay, if the impact is not good, then the intention has also gone, okay, many people run away from this, my intention is not right, I don't know what is your impact, and  Impact is what I felt if it is not ok you stop doing this erotic what ever you are doing your intention went to the stove but  Who will teach the people how to spend, water, come and learn for free, that comes from the newspaper for free, that also goes in the dustbin, understand one on one question recording in a structured way, wo n't there be any change in what is outside here and what is inside these two ears?  There is a war going on in between, only that has to be calmed, if it is calm then life is very good, you just have to go to understand it, then you people are in pain, then come and learn these things because I am tired of consultation.  Consultation fee is much more than course fee. I do consultation only for 40-45 minutes. So brother, better enjoy 15 hours and learn everything and then help people further. This is my message if you are interested in RC Relationship Course to the  Number given and register for that and thank you very much