Hello friends, a new excellent topic, Tu Badal To Nahi Jaega, there is going to be a lot of love topic, there is so much original content, there is no story on YouTube, today's era of cut copy paste, the ship of mutual fund has reached the youth, mutual fund is right now, Tendulkar and Dhoni ji too.  If you are coming and telling me, brother, it is absolutely fine, new content which will actually impact your life, please share, like and subscribe if you have not done so yet. Boys only on Applicable Same note Girls I bill tell you This video on Applicable for voice Girls also have to watch To awaken their awareness, Aware is not applicable for girls because girls are never told the dialogue 'Tu badal to nahi jaaye'  It is not said because it is non-fat, if the girl does not change then the creation itself will not work, the girl has to become a woman, she has to become a wife, she has to become a mother and the program goes ahead.  It will work but the boys are definitely told, who has to speak, why do you have to speak, what answer do you have to give, you do not have to change, because not changing is celebrated a lot, then you will get full clarity on how you are a channel for war. 18 19  If you are a 20 22 23 25 30 35 40 year old boy then please listen and forward the video to your parents and also to your friends because when the society says in totality  Only when someone learns and understands, he will move ahead and in the comment area below, you have to write only one thing in this video, nothing much, agree with your thesis or agree or this agree. If you can tell the reason for disagreement, then it is okay to write advice.  So that I can get votes, please find it in the comment area that it is not like I would have brought such a topic of my own, then let us start, who will be first, this will be your mother, never father.  You will say mummy will remain or some female relative will say baa uncle mummy or mummy and this will be an auction, there will be an engagement around your marriage and you will not go to Badal, this is a simple innocent statement, it causes huge problems in marriage, this much experience Marital Corner is telling if  Those mothers who are listening to you, please listen, I am also sir, you may not want this, but where is this psychology coming from, the loss of control, mother, you are here.  If he does n't change, he will remain juvenile, then how can he take responsibility in the future, he is getting married, it's n, it's n, Jai, it's n, celebration is on, Jai, that little baby of yours is now going to get married, he will become a father tomorrow, this is what you want.  Chuku baby is not for me, it is private for me, let her change, let her change, give her a dog even on Chhotu, the girl who has come, the girl who has become a woman and further she has become a wife and  In the future, when she becomes a mother, she is completely mature, which means that in the next party, she gives you completely mature material and you keep your raw raw. She also has to learn this language and also has to understand. To understand people, you have to change because she is very  Boys feel guilty that if she is my wife, then I will give her time, go out with her, then I have come back from honeymoon, now I am going to the mall again, then I want to see the movie, her mother and mother.  look at  If a boy is getting married then the boy is getting married at the age of 25, 26, 27, 28, 29. 17 to 25 or 28 years, until he got married, that 10 year period was giving him a lot of time.  If you were not doing anything to ensure that he gets a job, gets promoted and becomes responsible, then it is very wrong to say this at the time of marriage. Boys should not take any blame for this. You will have to change because there is a lot of difference. Those who are in the Juvenile State of Mind of the Mother, want to keep him in this state because only then he can be controlled and manipulated, Chotu can also be manipulated whose mind is like him, the man who is on your mind, you cannot manipulate him. Can do is a very big factor, now what is there in this, many of my videos become like this because speaking against many things in India is a big taboo, mother is smart respected because still the population there is less and Indians All the content here is ours, these are the creators of our content, Chuda 's knowledge remains in the middle, brother, we will have to give the original, who has to speak in English, who has to speak in English, some mother of English, Sunny, have you thought that if you just visualize, you will not go to Badal?  From the age of 17-16, the clouds go without asking and they give notes, this thing is our emotional baggage and emotional drama, this is the war, we are getting clarity in Ramayana.  Many people are liking, very good comments, there is a little request, subscribe a few people in your friend circle, big two, I will get fat in this video, after this video, my request is that every person will cross, I will tell only because he will like the dub. If caste is not a thing, then tell me who else would say such a thing to you, then it would not be bad, it would be some friend or relative who will have another auction that you have lost a big job or your story has been set or your story is of some romance.  Money has been withdrawn, such a scene has happened because they want to think, because they don't know that their relevance is going to reduce in your life, thoughts are the same, you don't have to stick with, I will tell you one thing and after seeing three points. First of all, I want to tell you that in our country, not changing is celebrated, this is the biggest mistake, changing has to be celebrated, it is a dynamic world, everyone is exactly me.  I am also going to give three tips as to how you should work on your mind, how successful you are, you have bill, you leave people home, you initially started, if you do not give, you bill not rice, if we have told it in movies or in normal, then it is selfish. It will happen, note it, it will grow, if he is your love so much and you are his love, then collect it, if someone is your friend, your relative or someone who wastes a lot of time, toxic negative cry.  Dhumal is a human being, so just because you used to waste time with him on a stage and after the stage, when success comes in your life, a purpose has come, you have to fulfill it and more relationships come in your life, then you will not give him any love.  If it remains then he will say like this, you have become a cloud, but is this a change, but is it a color or does it have to change, is it a right, he has to spend time with him, he does not know the story in life, he has nothing to do or maybe he is earning money from his story.  the rent is  There is rent for shops, there is something else of yours, there is nothing of yours, then it is said that change this n bed think, we have to remove youth from our mind, change it, good think, what you are three is back if you are exactly D  In whatever aspects you are not rich, where there is no growth happening, it does not make any sense that whatever you value for yourself, your value for humanity is fine. Those who are good, this is your door. Walls also go you in debt good position No one is saying to leave them No one is saying that you have to do complete 180° overall but certain things will change and they have you change if it is change it will give rise to stagnation Nothing ever gives me happiness and this is the problem that like when you retire, many people because they are youth on clarity but you also check their clarity. 5560 U Hit Doze Age and New Note Changing clouds are no more, similarly foolish people are doing less, mother, or your desire is not being satisfied and job is gone, money is gone, relevance is not there, that too is a problem, you will have to see or you will have to leave.  And now if Dhoni is such a great cricketer, now it is IPL, then his name is like everyone's favorite, if he was playing Ranji or before that in his locality, then that cricketer's name is  Being together can do that for you. You can have a progressive life ahead. You are going on a trip, you are going everywhere, you will talk sometime, you will talk nicely, you will not talk like this, you will also have food and drinks, love will also remain, memories will also remain.  But still you cannot be like him in his life anymore, this is the thing that many people who are not achievers are achievers inside and in the society there are more achievers inside because achievers are very less, not one person out of 100.  If you are doing it then the belief system of the remaining 99 remains the same and we do not have to change it because at least three people have come into your life and they have reached a big position in the story and from there you can fit their jugaad.  So you will go, neither should he change in this sense, nor should he change for you, but you have no control over what he is doing, he should not change for you, meaning brother, you used to reduce us like that, if you had given free time, then you too.  give this date note  Possible You Have You Released From You Wickham A Famous Doctor Name China Consultant Name China Lawyer Name Symbol Chart Account Brother Bill Lot of Your Circle Must Have Been in Your Circle Long Time Lot of Friends Relatives Everybody Bill Be Brother Rule Se Ki Yaar Yeh Mera Free Me Ko Ko  Give consultation, ok, he is my friend, give it to him friend, this is a very poor man, give it to him, if you have 50 people, everyone knows everything, then 50 of 50 become 50.  Everything in your life has happened, what achievements have happened in your life, then they will read those patterns of leaving you, just because you will be a successful story, then you cannot give a break to anyone, you will not give the same amount to everyone in life.  The messages could not have been relevant but you have relations with your boyfriend, your wife, your children, your parents and his siblings, you will still have to make an effort to find time for them but understand them too.  Brother, that issue does not remain and who has the most right in it? There will be a video made on that later. Ok brother, who has more right, who has the most right when a man goes to whom, in that, parents, wife, children. Brother-  Sister lives on Railways, there is also a merit list of them, if you want video, then someday you will become cloudy in future, you will have to change and there is no harm in changing, if you are not cloudy, then you keep on standing, it is not a great thing, every person has to come in shapes and sizes.  I also have to change the bill late.  D video with you three small examples only you doctor say this people take lot of pride in I am fit I am that young write it sounds good but if you are married and you are not attracted to women of opposite sex then You definitely don't need much to look so sexy, because you work hard, you look like a very young doctor and you are 40 years old, every patient who comes, I have been such a good person, I am openly telling you that I have been there before as well.  I have already given it in the hits but I am telling you that it is very beneficial. Okay, people consider you more than your age, but to attract the opposite sex, if you are going in a plane, there comes a pilot who is very thin and young, 25 26.  Of the year and the other one too, if it feels the same, then neither does it happen, nor does the second one happen, a little bit of the penis is sticking out, some hair is white, some hair is flying and a little bit of that experience is there on the face, it is also a little bit like a fat ball, but that.  You  That's it brother, in 150000 hours, it seems that he is behind me only this much and if two raw people go there by mistake, a pilot or the one who is fit goes to the gym, then the man feels that it is practical, you need a doctor, you need a lawyer.  You do not want any professional, nor do you need a little china on his face, now you have not changed for him, he looks the same as he did at 26, he looks the same at 40, so he is in his immediate friends circle.  So he will keep him bigger than Chaddha but professionally he will lose out. Practically he will lose out, a little bit will have to be changed, okay now he is strange, now Shahrukh Khan looks like the same as 25 years ago, 30 years ago, although all these actors are very maintained.  But still, on your even change and date change, it is very important to change or not to change, if you have a choice, then don't hesitate in changing or do basic things.  The belief systems that are of humanity are the good values ​​that a human being has, they are not fit for change, so there is no need to argue about it, but anything in everything else, because it is such a dynamic world, it is changing so quickly, the secret here has become artificial. Intelligence A Gaya Tag Technology What was there 15 years ago What was there 20 years ago There was no internet 20 years ago What to do now If you are not changing then you will have to change When the world is changing  Everything is changing, so why won't you change? If you ask this question next time, it will not change, if the clouds will not go, then please forward this video, it means change will have to be done and those are emotional issues, these are the ones with daughters-in-law. Coming here, I have to tell you clearly that the relationship does not break because of one coming and the other coming, but brother, time is 24 hours, so there is no big deal in it, everything has its time, the woman also has to see that when her husband also comes.  it was  His mother had also said the same. Yes, his mother had also said this and he used to do this half the time from here on out and with me, I am also like this. Look, women will have to have a big heart. If your husband is told, what will he do to his mother? You will not go to the clouds and spread the same relief in your life. If you want to spread the same relief in the life of your child, then it is your choice. You should tell your son, Son, now you go to the clouds, now the one who will lift your raw vest will not come like this, take responsibility.  Take it as yours, keep it, take it cleanly  Otherwise, the next one came and said that your mother taught Lakhan to Lakhan, Sudha, mother of the son, should be at the list when he is getting married, do some course on the dam, brother of one or two months, cooked a little food and drink.  Do n't have the trouble of being late, do it, keep your society, now honorable son, everything is done, as much as I had to serve slowly, it is done, now you will have to change, if she tells him on time, he will not change.  Lat Saheb, he will continue to study like this, there is nothing in his life, there is a little mother, there is a little mother, the second wife is coming, why will she serve, it is important to change the society, it is necessary to tell, how should the video be made, I will share the practical thing, whatever I will say to the heart.  She will touch your life and improve you, you will do it with an open heart and keep teasing, you will remain in the disbelief system, my friend, you will entertain me, if ever he wants to say something, then give you the biggest loss. Message Don't Do Date Take Whatever Help You Be 90% Agree With D Content Also Agree 100% Very Good Please Write In Comment Area Weather You Find Something Out Of It Do You Like Sir Topic Are From Topic Being Made On YouTube They Want Sach More  Topic to request a jaate jaate to subscribe just give a minute or two, haven't watched the video but will have to say the channel, it will take effort.  It is not so easy, I told someone, no one subscribes and it does not even cost money in such times, but what is it, if you do it, you will get the notification, you will become him, you will become sir, you can see the content, see the playlist of mental model, very green. Its play list is very lustful, but the videos are excellent. That content is given to you for free by going to big colleges and squeezing the knowledge out of it. And if I convert the same thing into a tree, then its price will be very high.  If you go but it is being shown for free then people are not appreciative then find the one in the playlist of this channel. Very few people come for decision making of mental model, that is the green playlist, give it a try and watch it anytime. Like you do in Netflix by listing all the videos on the portal, it will take less time than one small picture, but you will get to understand it very well with 17-18 videos. Thank you very much.