Hello friends, this will be a late video, there will definitely be a little bit of higher order thinking, but you guys have now become my subscribers, so the name of the topic is Understanding and Acting on Contradictory Advice and Contradictory Advice is something like this, this is what my friend is saying, but this is this.  This is what the middle class is unable to understand because the middle class forces morality into everything. Today I will explain this thing with three excellent examples.  I am going to understand your life because this question is asked many times on my content and if you do not understand this thing then you will be deprived of the high level knowledge of life and will roam around confused in life. So the name of the channel is Clarity.  But I am giving you this clarity, listen carefully, I will tell you under three examples, I will tell you by taking the example of my own examples and those who live with me, so that you can understand it well, I have to say, brother, preparation for this.  Don't do it, don't waste your life in UPSC, it is a useless thing. Chase is less and there is no benefit and even if you become it, there is no such thing. I have to say that you all should prepare for this by taking the form to clear Prelims. Even if you are not clear in Mains, you have become an expert in Prelims. You can neither solve big answers nor check them, but you have become a master of Prelims. Now you are training others in Prelims and earning a lot of money.  Yes, why are you bringing morality because Bhai Saheb, you were saying, Sir Guruji, you were saying that not to do it, now why are you saying this, you are preparing for the people, oh brother, this is life, this is life, this is our life.  By doing it with brain and intelligence, by doing it with discretion and conscious mind, please see for yourself what is easier, staying at one place in Delhi, giving coaching, making your own YouTube channel, giving knowledge to people, solving prelims papers and you are the master of that.  You Paisa Kuto, marry such a girl, hers is a different subject, yours is a different subject, the colors of the sherbets, the water of the sweet ghat, the sherbet is completely ready, water and sherbet, you are comfortable, this is shakha life and this is what I give concentration in real life. What is happening today is that I am a consultant because of my M Apne Jovi, my YouTube channel, Sangola Sutra, this one of mine, this game, if you learn how to make you a consultant, then it is to give you knowledge. Yes, but you are being constant, it is teaching you, so you can give this thing to others and charge them, the ultimate team is there too, so for this I am telling you like this one.  The thing is that stability is very very important, so both the advices can be given. The consultant is giving the best advice to the one who is sitting ahead, that if I have the scenery management sitting next to me then I will give him the best advice.  I give you advice on how to suck the blood of people below you. Hey brother, he is sitting there, he is the boss, he is having his consultation and after 2 hours of this, there is a harassed employee from the bus, which is called consultation, he is told how not to suck blood, how to save you.  This advice is to start understanding the meaning of morality and understand yourself that life is a game, there are players in the game and you should come to play the game. If you are a coach then you can help someone now.  Joe McCullum, who is a resident of New Zealand, is coaching England on how his father kept winning the test matches by hitting sixes. Hey, you are from New Delhi, now I am in a test match. There is a test match between England and New Zealand. You don't have to do that, you have to give your devices, this is the second advice for you, I always tell and that should be honey, boy- girl marriage, you know, merit corner in marriage is fine, marriage resolves the troubles in marriage. Please, many people think of me as brother, please get our daughter married, I don't know what kind of marriage you are, but yes, I am not that person, that is okay, I advise people, it is okay for a boy to marry a boy, I have to tell him too.  You marry a girl who [ __ ] because you know that she will [ __ ]. This is my second example because you will understand on multiple levels because wherever you say, the brain starts conflicting and starts switching off even though it Great knowledge is being gained by resolving the conflict a little. A little late video is being made here. Stay connected here. What have you ever said? Listen, you are facing a conflicting thing. You can be any party, you have to understand what it is.  Because what does he want for the next party, what training has he got, it will help you, otherwise everyone is getting training, in this world people at every level are bringing knowledge, so the advice to the boy is that you are a brother and a girl.  Marry someone who works and earns money. If she doesn't work, then she earns money in some other way. She should have talent because there is no other noise that how will she live in the house, will she contribute anything or not, but this thing is noise.  Is it true that if you earn money then you may not ask for your lipstick and polish, it will be beneficial even if you don't give something directly, it will be beneficial at least you should understand what a color is. It is difficult to earn money and girls.  I advise you that you are like this, I am a luxurious boy, I married her, why do you want to do less, then find such salvation, then find such a place where father-in-law is fine and lives away either. I don't think both of them should have different advice, power is there, the girl can be told to marry someone who keeps you in her hands, keep you in her hands, keep someone in your in-laws who keeps you in her hands, what is the problem and tell them that you are absolutely in her hands.  don't keep  What is the problem, then both of them have advice for different parties, so what is the problem brother, the girl's side, now am I pro girls or pro boy, why brother, boys will be told, you find such girls, such girls are good, told girls.  If you go then find such boys, they are good, this is the only advice, now those good boys, find good girls, good boys, find stupid girls, good girls, stupid boys, that combination will keep on going but advice.  It is conflicting but it is best for both the animals, so the boys still have to see that if they feel that they will be misused like this and everything for me will happen like this, then it will happen, then you should marry a working woman or a simple one.  It's such a thing and tell her brother, no matter how much my salary gets, you will do this, now how will the house be run, we will figure it out differently, okay and how will you do it then you will follow your mother's third example, I would have given this to you many times.  And in this you people will realize that this is not possible. If you apply your mind then I give advice. Meet these people who are more intelligent than you, more mature and more successful and do not interact with losers. Then the advice is very good to hear.  But is it so easily practical because this advice is for everyone, but for example, you are here and your friend is a loser in the circle, then it is okay or time.  Waste is famine, less is mature, does not mean they do bullying, okay, so what I am saying is that you should not interact with them, you should do with your butter, now for the butter that is yours, you have become lower, why is that with you. Will understand that you don't want to do it because you want something from yourself, then this one would also want this so because give it also getting something you understand so whenever you are getting you pay up and give something to you some physical Seminar Wegner Online Teaching Coaching Mentorship A wise man, because a wise man also becomes equal only when he too has a Zen, so we have to leave them, we have to leave them, we have to leave the lazy people, we have to leave time waste, we don't have to leave the whiners, we have to leave them.  Have to leave only those who are like this in the relationship Rakhi and come to you for relationship advice Do nothing Leave came with great pride Bill help you my friend no I  I am a consultant and I bill just Rs 5000, whatever your defending is on, I have a special rate, okay, I too, you can start from the bottom after learning, so the one who has a genuine problem and you had to be considered a genuine intelligent and then you have to pay the money.  Will give, they come to distribute fukra, don't you just give 50 knowledge to them, don't follow them and you have to be the same again, there are many such friends, relatives and circle. Take them out, take them out from a distance, you speak directly, as soon as you come, you are a friend, you are an acquaintance, you are a relative, you will go away automatically like this, then you move forward in your life, then this is a cycle, in this you become selfish like this.  So, this is the biggest cry of all, don't be selfish, those who are not worth anything, tell the same stories themselves, brother, four, do it like this and waste your time, and even if he does less of his own business, he will come and waste your time.  as soon as it happens  If it doesn't happen, tell me what I am telling you, then I used these three things as an example of how you can live with the advice that is contradictory. This is the consultant, what happens in situations like this and sometimes, I have given my knowledge to which America  You gave your weapons to other countries, you had to fight with them too, this also happens sometimes, the country to which you sold weapons does the same to you, but the person who produced them  He knows what his cat is. He is a guru who is a consultant who knows things at a high level. He knows everything. What is that cat? She is an aunt. She did not teach the fox to climb. He taught everything. It is the cat who taught everything.  But when the fox came to attack the cat to eat it, the aunt asked the cat climbed the tree, did he not teach this, did he not show the whole thing, is the caste correct, so this is the advice flow to you.  From de real people de bill say this think this time this think you have absorbed ki yaar for me which team do I belong to but this is the advice he is giving now now I have to say don't do government job these people are in government  We have to prepare for the job because if we lose the opportunity to get a government job, then this coaching will also end. All of them are saying, become a tea seller, become a tea seller, become a tea seller, whether it is hey brother or drinking tea from the tea seller.  took this  There are people who are preparing for their competition even at 3:00 to 4:00 in the morning, their papers are being checked, test papers are being shown on YouTube, the paper is being prepared at 4:00, so when  If there is preparation for the paper, then the ready person is standing outside, so he will come after completing the paper, so even if you are next to him, there is one who will give him egg bread, that sir, a system is also going on, now if those tea sellers become egg bread sellers, then brother, it will be fine for them.  how come this too  So these preparations are needed, that's why the tea seller and all the programs are going on, so every friend is necessary, every friend has an advice, then nothing will ever happen to the band, but we will keep giving advice, like this, it's okay sir day.  All the tea vendors have become tea bags, the whole world, if the world wants, then who will come to drink? If I give advice, everyone has become on YouTube, then all have become YouTube, who will come to listen to us, okay now we understand, but it never happens like this, okay then advice.  Always  It will be given, I will not tell you, if you have to open YouTube also, then I will teach you all these things further which are done practically. If you enjoy anything else than my videos, then I feel free to write that if someone has enjoyed something like this.  Hey, this is a fight, it is not going to make you the king of a startup in an instant, it will get ₹ 12 crores by shipping it to you in 30 years for 10000 rupees in 30 years, there is nothing like that, the story is not going to come, wait and see. Keep that in the economy which you will never get, if you get 12% then you can get 15%, you will get it for 20 years also, I don't do anything like this, I know what is cold coffee and what is milk, ok, many people are content with cold coffee.  I want to know that you have taken this much milk, you have added coffee to it, you have turned it into a mixer, now that milk has become this much, that milk is not big, it is only this much that is awake, so when we drink it, we will turn into mustaches, but after drinking that, we will know about mine.  If I am successful then please type if I am successful then please type if I am successful or if I go to mug these are the things if you write then this kind of thing will give you more public recognition and gold. You will know what to think and how to think.  I am telling you how and what to think, it is hard, but when the reality of this hard has come, then I am asking to hear very good comments, that is why I am a tree consultant and tree seller. I do it in that  I started taking out things from it, it's okay, take it, okay and like the video, thank you very much.