Hello friends, today's topic is very original and fresh, understand this compounding and change your life, I am going to tell you how to make something else, which you have never heard in your life till date and after listening today, you are going to benefit a lot, one is compound interest, right. Everyone knows that this thing has become a flood and the benefit of increasing it is also. You all understand this by compounding OnePlus are you giving power and they all understand one place only choosing. It was real estate, you have taken your house, you have tightly taken all the financial influencers, everything is on YouTube, now the youth have gone to change a bit, as if they have started showing the real estate, as if ego is financial, they are also showing the real estate to Akshay Srivastava, mine is so much. Now you are a one-time person, what was the need to spoil one thing? Now you are showing it again. I never say anything about stocks, I am very invested in stocks and I came to stocks uninvested.  Wealth in stock can be created but really state is something very important. I am telling you that by choosing a good city, there are many benefits of living in the city like they come with stability, children's schools do not change, your maid.  Many things do not change, they become constant, due to which a lot of money is saved. When your wife got a job, you just got it, you said that but you will have to choose from the city, you say that whatever I am getting growth.  I am not getting a job, I will not change the city, I will stay in the real world, I mean, I used to do an advertisement long ago, that is why I am saying that I will stay in this place, even if I am getting 20% ​​increase there, I will not go.  I will stay here and want growth, I need money because we don't see compounding of other things. Compounding of relationships. Children go to the same school and do 1st to 12th in the same school setup. So many people compound their education.  There are government employees who come and go on postings a lot, they keep moving from here to there, they keep changing cities, their children are not able to reach the story. Today, if they settle down with a house and then the husband keeps roaming around, then it is a different matter. Adv.  The child is studying from a good school, he has connected with the teachers, his studies are going well, the timing of the school bus was adequate, he knows about the commuting, life is very set, we do not take these things for granted when we If you uproot it, it  Low set true great cost, these days you have to repeat the same story again and again, it costs Rs 1500-2000, the cost of TV is only TV, this TV, that TV, connection and water, you calculate it, it is a very small thing but it is also your time and energy.  What are you talking about? I will invest the money in the furniture. Youngster, okay, it is a relief. I am telling you as per the life situation, when you become a master and your wife is from the city.  This comfortable you comfortable parents comfortable family comfortable you know the people know the city know everything why many people in Delhi have progressed like this I know so many people in Delhi who have eaten the bread of living only in Delhi, the story has not gone only there. Today you kept doing something like this, you went here and there, went like this, talked like this, did networking, made their life very good with ease, ask them what they do, they can't tell you, we bought something from here, sent it, first I  I used to do less, then I found him, now it has changed, now Delhi has changed, now this has changed, I did it that way, then I did it that way, and the man who is moving from here to there to there, has nothing in his hands.  If you think then what happens after that? Interview Class Family IF YOU BELONG YOU SACH AND YOU ARE SACH YOU IDENTIFY WITH SACH FAMILIES Child has gone to study story Husband is doing story job Wife is not staying Second child is reading story And every one  compulsion of  The story is that if you can't live together, then the child will go. You live in a big city, you are building property assets there, you can see the rent, you can see and build everything, why would your child go? But for example, you are a North Indian.  If you live in Gurgaon, mother, or if you can, then if your child gets a job in the private sector, then why can't he get a job in Gurgaon? It is only a company here, no, why would he go to Bengaluru? Yes, the one whose court address is not there.  The story can also go to Bengaluru, it will also go to Pune, it can also go to California, it will also go to San Francisco, the story can go but whoever has his own base has tightened it, this is called selecting and base people, I do not know Rome, you match and are the ones who progress.  But nobody's bill, because of this, no one is benefited by telling you this. The more you move around, the more you are kept light, only then many things can be taken from you, power is there, remember, experiment, you definitely get this freedom, sister, it is your base.  And have a house I'm not saying you don't have to and Rome Rome de world I'm not saying you 2 months 3 months 4 months Don't reduce the story Don't project Don't cry in the hotel Don't wander around Have N Base  C Joe Dee's Film Star C Joe Dee's Businessman Mukesh Ambani Ji Can Stay In D Best Of D Place In This World D Best Place In D World Date Everybody Bill Agree And That's Not Even Inside His Mumbai  Do you need petrol or Jio center is on and want to stay there? You can also read the story. His mother works a lot in Mumbai, so his children can go. They will say, Papa, I don't want to stay here. Is it so great that Adani ji Ahmedabad?  It is very important that you have the best in your life, whether you are rich or poor. I have explained the equation of life very well in detail. You can take platinum membership. You can place it out and know how its compounding effect is achieved.  of  Your parents should also not go too far, your child is being delivered by your wife, we are with you, your relatives are nearby, your friend circle is your ecosystem or you have created an ecosystem and you are not leaving it.  They are living a good life, they are living from an old money family, they are living and giving a lot of money, middle classes will never be found because the middle class will be made to serve the society and not even the middle class itself.  So, isn't it those whose children will go here and there and will work for them? It is your children of all the businessmen of Lal ji who have to do it, either you will be fed this same thing or they are not going anywhere. You tell me where Amitabh Bachchan ji's son lives.  They live nearby, what little property do they have that they ca n't go to different places? Jain, it's okay, there is shooting in Mumbai, so we live there and that is the system, but look at the rest of the people, I told you the story of Mukesh ji too, World.  It's not the best place Lee also has Rakhi on properties, you understand and learn from someone, this rich will never come and tell you that this is what they follow in rice and this is what helps and this is what helps and please bill always tell you live your life live your dreams like this They will say leave your life and leave your dreams and what are the dreams that these people have shown you in the world and that is why I am showing them to me. I will never consider the rich wrong.  That's fine, I have to say that brother, we have reached there, now if you don't want to learn after reaching there, then you can't declare him big. Those who understand what is there in India, they have to read very little. Singh is changing in India, you have become an idiot, now understand.  I repeat my point again, in India, it is a very difficult task to make this person understand that he has made you a fool by doing this, has he made you a fool by doing this? Will he agree or not? This is a very difficult task because when I told this thing, the middle class got so much trouble in this.  The system has given good training, which you yourself have given up to Rs. 1.5 thousand, it does not happen like this, why brother, why can't you live in Udaipur, why can't you live in Rohtak, or if you have changed the city, then stay there for 10-20 years.  A new system has not been created, it is okay, it is not working out, we are gone, whatever civilization we have done, we will do it like this, yes, Harappa civilization was Mohenjo Daro, Mayawati was destroyed somehow, something like this happened.  And people had to go but didn't happen every six months people went to the banks of Ganga, if it was so much because agriculture was dominant then only those cities should do it in time. Now again when an industrial person came, where there was industry but those cities were there.  Now this is yours and all this is gone, so these cities are going like this, so now they are yours, so whatever you want to do, you do that thing, I don't care whether I am big or I am you.  in small I have to come, I belong to this place, choose the land of your work, you will understand the government system there, you will be with the people there, you will become it, every time when you change, you have got adjusted, it will drop you off a lot of your mental energy.  Brain juice, it makes you irritable, man, take this when you go to Gujarat, you don't know how to drive there, people keep spitting, cars run away, it doesn't make a big deal, everyone shouts about this thing.  I am telling you and you will be outside, you will feel very strange, what happened, I did not come to reverse, I did not come to park, I just can't drive there, we drive slowly there and everyone does this to each other, now I am so  I am telling you a big thing but they don't make a big deal of it there like normal with the fact that it seems that North Indian does something, so I don't know how much noise he will try to create on this. Look here in Delhi, what would they do if something happens. yes every time  When you change your place it bill you out of lot of energy and start from scratch in life then find someone then say hello to someone then make something it's not I think bill not need you else where you people will say no no  This way is the bill, you don't know, learn color, I am very like me, this is also very widely, I have travel time, even after travelling, I get color, brother, it should be from low base, right? Who said that no, whatever months, months, whatever should be from your base, you should have a house, which should be a city, whatever is your base, your base is called headquarters, like after that, you should visit the foreign country, visit South India, see the temples, see the business, see the colors, see the food.  Eat, meet people, do less, but it is necessary to survive by getting up and down. You can do all the less anyway, so this was given in a new perspective. This was given in great detail in the happiness course.  It is given that if you want to go and see it, then you can also become a consultant from him and there is no need to give any stipulation in the Happiness Course because it is Ultimate, you will not get any such old knowledge in it that you should do it like this, however, it is not like that. Okay, so you can watch that too. How did you like this video? Please share it. Thank you.