That Hello friends, the next class of Stock Market, today we will understand Sher Antivirus on Stock Price Farming, by just doing this absolutely true, all the terminology will be reduced to half. Stock Price was a pimple, it looks as if you will buy someone in the limit, this bike does its code, it comes NSC. On the website of National Stock Exchange, the name of the company is its price on the Bombay Stock Exchange. It is seen that the share is worth this much. Okay, now it includes something good morning but noise and running but body. Very simple.  Things: How much profit did the company earn last year? Divided by number of settings. Videos We have already learned what is the market cap of a company. Stock price in total number of shares. The number of shares of a company can be any number. It can be as much as.  The promoter wants that I have a company worth 1000 crores and I am definitely sharing one like. This is 10 lakhs rock. If you start less, if you start less, the price will be higher. If you share more, it will be less.  Let's get simple, so we have understood the price, there is nothing much to understand about it, now on the earnings six which are GPS and how much time I made profit and how much was left, so if in the cases I earned profit of Rs 1 lakh and  Mere sher hai hazaar to GPS ho gaya fennel ki profit divide net profit different number options, now nine ips we have come to know and I am on the share and this is a running per share option according to the share.  You can calculate this trail in twelve months, if you can then you will get it very easily, you will get it very easily from all the apps that are available and from all the sides of your friends, but you should know this. That this is the thing, now this piece is nothing in the dream, GPS has come to know, even the price is nothing in itself, but Dubai Begum is something important, so what is the meaning of price to earning, if a lion of ₹ 100 And it has a running price of ₹ 10 years, so Hundred Divided Best Antivirus Vikram Stand, now on the new generation show, people say that if there are less trees then it is a good thing, if there are more of them then it is a bad thing, by doing this they removed the black tea spoon, it is not so simple that things  Understanding that less is good and more is good in bed or more is a commitment, it is not so that you have understood that 1 minute is 1 matriculation, you have a world, there is a lot more to take from this, then company rain and whatever is there can also be that.  Arvind, not much, the price is also low and the price can be reduced, even in Bigg Boss, there are some issues of corporate government and the GPS was introduced last year, but now something like this is coming in the system in the next 12 months.  If this will not be good then the market is going to bring down its price, then there will be many new investors in it who will memorize the next P virus of C. If the time is right then I will take it, so there will be a pressure in it.  And it gets added to the G federations, Pinjio drinking technique is pegged, in this there is growth forward and backward, so how much is the growth of the company? If the PY of a company is 20 and its growth is cent at 20, then 20020 is one copy of this dam.  Guru, this is also considered if daily employment is good or less then it will reduce but if there is growth, if there is a show on TV, if its frequency is 20 and  If its growth is decreasing, then you are your favorite, if it is getting corrupt, then it has become Bigg Boss. Being more is not a thing in itself, we want growth, so now we have added the flavor of growth to it. Now whenever generations are compared,  If you have to run two companies, then two companies should be in the same sector. Otherwise, is there any comparison? If you are running a commodity type business, you will get every single digit company, steel company, iron company.  Another company took out iron and quality, made it a little cheese, made a little more batter, but you cannot do it at less than SMC, you cannot do it at less than paint, now back in Enfield, its marriage line will give you 50 60 70 80 90 always.  It is the same and you have to do it at less than the rest. If you are given to the bank at book value, I will tell you that value separately. Friends, I have described the situations as if we were our gods. Let's take the name book value, what is that aspect of the price, when I cover that sector completely, I will tell you, but you, this is the tiles of SIM sector, so in the tiles, one is Kajaria Ceramics Kishore and one is Somani Ceramics Hair.  Now when I do PY on less, I do it in the same sector, in which sector, how much is the average of the leader, now I will know, more is less, this is the biggest thing, very important text in the car.  Maker's comparison cannot be done in class. This page will be perplexed after seeing the marriage yacht of Industries. Look at this amazing demand. So whenever we have to use Bigg Boss, we have to see its historical key also.  Of the same stock as his historical PC from Asian Paint is so much so now he is trading above this historical speech on average for so many years and is completing will give some  The idea is that there is only one matriculation in itself, there is only one risk, only hold the tail and put the filter of marriage lines that in dieting, you people will get all these things, now I will teach you all the languages ​​as if it is a new thing. Actually, I am talking in Hindi and English but when you will know about this thing then only by visiting that site you will understand what to do, gradually as you watch the video, you will get everything for sure. I will tell you from my side.  computer laptop and it not from top to bottom  It is falling because it wants you to work hard. According to the old Indian Guru Ji, Money Gyandev, nowadays everything is found in the group and how to structure the thought process, what mistakes are being made, how to approach it, I will tell you step by step.  So today we learned that Pira this source is important now the price of the share is the price and is the pace. I told you that the team has given this rough smoothing and the final thing to the bike. This is the only thing. It may be more than that for some reason. For some reason.  The leaf can also reduce, you know like we reduce the BP, the unity of happy BP increases, it reduces but every person changes now, so he is also an example like this, okay, you have one, everything is on that bridge.  There can be no treatment, you will have to learn other things, then after drinking the good thing, put a pad also, see the growth, you will get only this much link, for that you will have to work a little, you will get the PY very easily.  Growth you put and calculate your that view is your one above below this it is always above if in some company is always above many times what is for a twenty per cent growth in HDFC bank marketers willing to pay a premium student to that  If they do not know about Kotak Mahindra Bank PSU Bank UPSC Bank, it will pay a premium, then there will be a separate topic about banks, I will tell about it later. Let us take the example of Asian Paints.  So Asian Paints will always be commander happy because of being an industry and is market cap and rest of the people will be there but their speed will be less because the price increases with the brand too.  In this way you have to understand that if p10 then it means that I have invested my money and will withdraw it from sleep in 10 years, then the market will give him the profit of 10 years, that is according to the trend of his market.  It's been 10 years, I have slept at many places, many times, which were not listed, towards the heroes etc., they had got more than a thousand rupees, then there you should get the idea, and thousand years means you, they are doing so much, then they When there is so much exaggeration then why try this secretly, Inspector Darshan Singh like to aaye ho paye been able to explain is different in his head to all of you, there are further videos also in this  There will be different types of resources and we will do different resources. If you guys are enjoying then write MB GB that yes sir, if you are also finding it difficult then check out the difficulty. I will try to explain all the things slowly and easily.  I am trying to tell you guys that Anees is a journey, he should also watch his old videos, he will jump exactly like this, then it will be a little difficult further, if you watch it in the order, it will be very good, thank you Hey A