Hello friends, understand this basic think about leadership, leadership is a very very misused word in today's world, okay, so here I will tell you about it in the job, especially in corporate, it is okay, leaders bill, make you leaders, give the leadership link, this leader date leader word also. I am here to give clarity to the youth because no one gives it, not even political correctness, but someone has to give it here.  And why is this triggered because brother in law was some video going in ITR and something or tweet going or office of CEO of some company ok brother these are the children of today who are employees, these are so many words I hope you understand ok they are not  Great flower is ok and they are not showing other gratitude tu de employer keeping job mil rakhi hai tere ko kya aur chahiye jo khate hai na we marry only once love only once  and do only one job, date think in 2023, it is okay to get married now, there is a lot of love happening and jobs also change, okay, so in today's time, there are jobs and marriage, so I would also agree that only one should be done, okay But in the job, they did not tell you this thing which I am going to tell you. In the big part of leadership, leadership in the corporate world is only about coercing, motivating, fooling, giving you carrots, giving you less money and making you do more less.  You can go inside anything and then when you misuse and abuse it, when you don't keep the song like the song, you suck, such songs suck and someone said it's okay, normally people don't do it, but the people of Haryana will know what North India vs. song say, kiss the song.  Or what is this D advantage? Okay, they throw the song away like this. Okay, they throw it away like this, so many people don't want to make a song. Leadership will come, something or the other.  You will hear that it will be dynamic and full of energy, but that sir will benefit the institution and it will be beneficial for the shareholder if the company is listed. Who are you doing so hard? There are many such good banks which have given 15 to 18% interest rate for the last 18-17 years for 20 years.  If returns are given then they are darling of the share holders, it is okay but they mean keep life tight. Tell me which of the employees of private banks are in the government ones.  I have also kept a lot of my own, okay, all this is fine these days, the bank employees are so sad, I will make a separate video sometime, if you are listening then tell me, especially what is the meaning of the government bank, we, the public, feel that hey.  He is not doing anything, it is lunch break, so he doesn't do anything, his condition is very bad, I will make him in very bad condition and if you are doing something for the government bank then please do an award if it is okay.  come home from family to the big city and  If you have rich parents then it is okay to leave these jobs and now many times people say to me that my audience is different, I tell them again and again but now they come from a different level of people.  When he says, he treats us like this, he ca n't say that friend, you are very poor, you are my audience, he makes the latest sound, he does it to me himself, although I am not there, but I can't even make a video from anybody, you are the other big one.  There is also advice, those who are intelligent, those who have content, that is my tax audience, my audience is Datsun, I am the thumbnail, I am English, my audience is English speaking, English understanding audio, although I come inside and talk in Hindi, but I want the audience which is small, it is like that, but we  How much should I tell you, let's move ahead. Okay, in leadership, stories will be heard, you will be given motivation, but you should not follow any track, whenever you see someone's feeling for you.  If you are being reduced then see that you are being exploited. This feeling was a feeling. This reduction of country's wish is patriotism and one half is the department because they have stolen the saree from the military. In the military, all these things are just a necessity. Adverise, there is no necessity.  Because there is a match there, can you give some money to me one day, what is the value of human life, how much is it worth for the country, so all these things are needed there, Goodlas, do you come or come on you?  TURN AT YOU THE BEST EMPLOYEE YOU If your name is on the board of the best employee, then something like this is going to happen in your life, remember this thing, the next time whenever you are given leadership capsules or  If we are to be called a good leader, then that good leader is the one who can fool as many people as possible without releasing them. If they rely on you, then give them a note. You are a good leader. Now I know this, elder.  Because I also used to do all the corporate work, which I left because now I am batting like Musaddilal. Well, they are the big ones, because from their side, there are these stories too, watch the game, story is life story, listen to it.  A little bit, a little bit, I understood a little bit, I didn't understand it, some people liked it, some people liked it, life is a story, you are also a story, we are very fond of science students, all that scientific stuff is just a story, we don't know what is true.  what a lie  What are all the stories, some are going on with the mother, some are going on with the mother and there are many who listen to the stories, I too am going to listen to the stories, okay and the whole world is going to listen to the stories, you too are going to listen to the stories, Banna, more stories  I have to enjoy, there is no joy in the story, there is no logic, there is no peace, it is not sustainable and wherever in life, when it is necessary to do something, then remove from the environment that which is not necessary to do in life. because in the morning  Half of the people have become so concepted, first of all, it is okay in the bathroom, I am not making it with my mother and he is like this, then I have to say that, I am an astrologer, here it looks like this, friend, yours is sitting in the 8th house, yours is also not left, okay relax. Everyone is relaxed, now in my video I will bring so much relaxation and happiness that people themselves call me a detective, don't be addicted, friend, addictive note, these good words are fine, don't make me.  By activating the video, it is negative, this is my power, I am going to give clarity, the name of the channel is also based on clarity, I am giving you clarity that wherever you do this, where you do not get money directly, you tell me brother, give me money.  Give me respect, I do n't need it, it's okay, this useless respect, I put my name there, I will make you a trip, your company will go there, they fool you so much, they say in the corporate, it's okay, we will take you to Goa and there.  There will be a conference where they start in the morning and drink till the night, then at night they get free packs of liquor, those who drink liquor drink as much as they can, after getting up in the morning, the conference starts in the morning and those who drink a little  There are satvik taxes and neither did I get to go out nor see the sea. Do this from morning to evening. Select this slide and say this slide. If I wanted to play gray, I would play only in Gurgaon. Wherever there is a corporate office, I would  By doing this and that, people have gone to the world of desires, they have their clothes, this is this, you say this and how do you know all these inner details, it is a relief, that is why I say, I am number one brother, I know all the details of everyone, tell me all the details of everyone.  It does n't even happen with you that the leadership organizes that they will give CAT there, idiot, it's okay, there is a budget to reduce everything and as soon as they are told, they will sit there, they ca n't even run away, or go around the house, or anything else.  We will listen to them and we will juice them all there, do you think that my coming and going is free, I went to Goa, this conference is like this, it can even give a pain in the stomach, Shakti, I will go there and I will get a lot of benefits, no.  The advantage is that its message is right and the story is also being given a carrot, please release it inside the company, it is a practical company, like I tell you, they do less for Lal ji, which is not a very big company, it is not organized, that's it.  so much money  By the way, you see, the employees don't go there, that person has been working there for 20 years because brother, he does n't know how to do any Shobha ji, your salary is money and bring it, take it and take it and take it, and the responsibility is big and take it, this is a direct transaction of money.  You have done this by running around in the corporate. There are only 400 departments to spend hours. Advise, they have no role, they have done it well and they do this, you are the only one.  You are doing a job, you are doing so much for free, you see these hypocritical videos which are shown forcibly and that live, see the training which we are like me, my eighth brother avatar is fine, in future any stories you will see will be pale.  So that you can do their slavery better, okay, why have I done this? I laughed that Guruji, the employees are under a lot of stress, come and do them a little like this, you can bill them, you can't say date, friend, so that  You Hold them tighter when I say I will come, they will leave your jobs and run away. Don't call me because I am a cloud. Okay, I have come this way once, once I am mentally clear. I am a D employee, okay. Note cup increasing, otherwise.  Don't know, one trillion, you trillion, 3 trillion, do n't know how many trillion dollar market cap, there is no economy, companies stagnate, reduce, even fall, even end, so that means IT is of weight.  Going up is okay so I said friend, first you extract the juice from them then come and tell me that it adds juice to them so that they can extract more, I will not do this less because my advice is not temporary, my advice is permanent, company will also have reliance predicting.  No and you bill c n you people who are making my old predictions consistently, how am I coming right and articles come, one more prediction and I am telling you three.  After a year with this tax, the strength of these employees will be greatly reduced; people in the company will reduce their own tax, you will go in the structured way and do DK for 40 hours a week and they will do 160 hours a month, you will do only 30-40 hours, their tax will give you money.  You will get the same amount if you duplicate it in different companies and where there are 100 employees, there will be 12 14. These 12 14 will contact the remaining 88.  There won't be a system on rules, that bush laborer, say less, but everybody should be relaxed on the debt bill and they should move in this direction. Already I think, whatever consultation I am giving, I am giving it to the startups, this is what I am giving in this tent.  Follow the employment because if you get an employee, then I am not reducing it, for that you establish so many processes, dog, if you keep this pickle, keep it good.  It is not necessary to keep it less, they look at it less and tell that you have kept it less, you keep it in every house, you have to do it less than the plumber in the house, you have to do it less than the electrician, you have to do it less than the carpenter, then you have to do it less than the tile person, that every You come and say brother, look here, what is your rate for installing tiles ₹ 25 ₹ 30 ok ok, this much is done, how much will you paint 10 15 20 ok, this one is yours, it is like this, there will be a similar system.  This is good and whatever, the tax people are listening to me, your job is in danger brother. Okay, so after doing these 4 or 4, start learning some more things, your job will go first in the next 5 years because What you are doing is accounting, some software, some tax is imposed, some cleaning tax is imposed, less will come, there will be flood, the money will be accounted for by doing contractor content, it will be done, there is no need to do unnecessary motivation, pay the money of the one who is less, if there are 19 less taxes. 20  The one who made money for 20 is happy and the one who made 20 is happy, I gave the value of 21, it was less than 19, got the money for 20, gave the value of 21, reduced it so much, this is if the place changes and it bill changes.  IT Bill IT Bill Start Changing No I will always tell you that you will publish the article in three tax months which I have told you, when you will print it then tell me on the date you want. D first time hair and give it to me and you will enjoy that brother, how do you know before the original slap, blind tax wale charg, if whatever picky people have heard of me, then write it down so that I feel that yes, you have awakened someone, Jag Chowki. What will some of them do, what to do now, think like this, think that it is three-four years, you do not have any retirement, now you also know that you are passing the time in the same way, if your tension is not too much, then there is no pressure either. You know  The sales person is taking pressure, the marketing person is taking it, the rest are taking back hand people and are running away, you don't do anything about it, okay, you take more pressure from me, okay, then that time will come now, he is India head. They all roam around in such a way that they will not remain so retired, it means that even if the entire company has a thousand employees, then if 50 or 4 were misled, then 50 per bill will go down to 4, people will stop doing it. If there are thousands of employees on leave of 46 and they reduce the IT bill by thousands and also do the bill style by only a few employees who are doing other functions of the company, then this is the changing environment, you have to change, it will be dynamic if you do not change. With Times Give It Bill Less Ahead En Route Shop And You Have To Do What I Am Telling If You First Move To Economy Side  If you go, then it is very good, you are doing a project through the company, you are doing it to someone, then you are getting the attention, this is also like a small enterprise, I am the only one, mother, so friend, when is this the company's work?  To do the platform, you come and take my direct commission, why would I give so much money to it, if you are getting only ₹ 2 lakh, on top of the project, the charge is on the basis, it is okay, then the charge is on the family basis, so you are directly connected here. all clients clients Keep yours, 24 people, take out yours, you will start from 5 to 6 lines in the beginning and now those who have got these jobs know, now the employee who is roaming around, does not have a job, he will not understand the things about the present.  They are understanding what is the matter and that they are not able to find life balance, they are getting unhappy in life, I give them advice and they follow it directly, they say, it is absolutely right for me, so much.  Well, everyone is so happy with me, they are so happy with me, I have their number, so the company is bye bye Tata, this would be a betrayal, the name of the company is a corporate company which is working for its own profit and by opening your own company in your name alone, you can reduce your income.  If you want a wish then it is not treason, ok do n't take it from the story, it is normal corporate and capital world thank you very much