Hello friends, great topic, UPSC result has come and there is big clarity, you are youth, very good video, keep watching till now, what is going wrong in it, we will discuss it on the ecosystem, what strategy should you adopt, we will discuss it, future of UPSC.  But we will discuss and I will tell him one more thing, I will not tell him the truth tomorrow but such a secret which no one has told you till date, no one has told you about this UPSC and whatever is the preparation for all this, there is such a truth in it which  India needs you, do it like this, then tell those who are preparing for UPSC, in whose house you are doing it, whether you did it or not, it was this, even if you are not doing it, then this will be a big topic of journal knowledge, it can be an issue for discussion.  Please do spread this in the group and it is a request to the subscribers to please subscribe and those who are rational, if they like what Vijay says, then subscribe to the channel and those who find it a little problematic should subscribe.  Those people please write in details. You used to prepare for UPSC. If you want to write long question answers, then we can also write this line by doing a little and here I will discuss a little about Vikas Divya Kriti ji and also about Avadh Ojha ji.  I will discuss, I will discuss on both of them, they also have some important things which I will tell, so let's start with the first 4 women from which some pattern is seen and some conclusions can be drawn, we will discuss that later when I will be in UPSC. If I talk about the future, we will talk about it. A lot of parades are being held. Do you understand the parade? How did you get through the parade? I got UPSC, I got passed in 8th, which arrow was uprooted, what a big thing you have reduced, so much congratulations, India's war youth is getting wasted, GDP journey.  He is doing it because Sir, there is a parade here, you are going to the Chowk, no matter how top you are, the girl should not pass the prelims twice, just look at the beauty of the straight exam, you will do it twice.  Appeared in prelims and then it was Tina Dabi ji. If you know, earlier her name was quite famous. This exam was conducted for her too, when she got the head of reservation in prelims, after that she topped and after that she topped absolutely clean.  If you take support there at the top, then this is the pattern and there are many things in the exam which are not under control, I will tell you what should be the strategy on this, but I want to tell you what is going wrong, IPS is everywhere on social media. They have spread so much on social media like arrows have become in a pumpkin, so much has been spread, department action should be taken against them, there is a woman wearing a saree, she is getting out of the car, an officer is going fast with the file, show him the meeting like this.  The biggest bureaucrat of our country is getting late for Anonymity. Even the Prime Minister says that he is a government servant and keeps his fingers and lips quiet. Reduce the dream. Well, reduce it and whatever the media has to do, it has to be done by Twitter. In that, government policies, government programs or whatever information you want to convey to the people, do it for that and not to promote yourself. You have to promote yourself for the sake of promoting yourself. You are so fond of making it on YouTube that you give up sitting on the rod. Hello friends.  Let's start, who is believing that this fame of force is being taught by these children, you will never see a very senior officer and an experienced officer doing this small thing, but no, I have some suggestions in this.  I will also give you some idea in the election, I don't know. If you get an idea, look at this. It is being told that she was an IPS officer and then she got coaching from here. Now this is a big question. I have to ask a question. If you have joined IPS then you have to give this exam. Why is it being given? Listen, what is wrong? The video is going to be very good and questions from UPSC people should come. Whatever I am saying should be asked in the form of questions. You have given the exam, you are an IPS.  Gone or IRS went down and went down to A-light and then you go to the job and then you are just preparing, there cannot be such a person who can do the job perfectly and then get cleared. How many people are there?  The lower group also appears in Group C and then they keep on preparing. D. Government has to be very clear, so when I got hold of Government, then I got hold of it. If you think that you have more talent, then you give too much to the competition. If you look carefully at all the people who came and take out a list of them, how many were engaged in the old government service, this is not even a story, they are not being trained here, they are not getting any job in corporate, they are in government service.  Whoever or whatever you want to train in your home, it takes time to understand him also, brother, this is less for you to do like this, here you are making him understand less, he is preparing for his coaching and then he will die in two years.  Tata bye bye I don't know why this is being allowed. If you have become an ISC, then who has accepted that you should become one, but while you are in a government job in some other job, this is a big thing. Now people will say in this, this is a fundamental right, this is the law, the same article 15.  And whoever comes, it is the government, the government is all cloud power, if you want then you can put a cap on it, it is power, first of all, please limit the number of attempts, please do it thrice, brother, I am enjoying this together eight times because youth is busy. Because the one who is not directly learning youth employment and is preparing, he is a BG, he will come and do something, otherwise it is okay for 22 to 37 years, now the Indian economy is going different, now this is the time to keep them so stupid.  If it is necessary then this is something very important if you see others promoting on social media then you have to complain further if Prime Minister [ __ ] Politicians do all this then  It is absolutely right, he has to contest the election, brother, if he has to be re-elected in 5 years, then he is not lukewarm to himself, he will not go, who will vote for you, tell me, we have done this, we have done that, so this is their loss, how can you cook their loss?  It seems like you are a government servant, don't do that to the government system. Since when have you been famous for yourself and have you wanted to contest vote elections, is this too big, what happened to this line, were social media told to allow handles, do this?  Advise, you should not be loud at all, you are privately on your WhatsApp, on Facebook with your private family, is anyone of yours like this, because people have said that because if he has become narcissistic then he has said for less, in doing this for the government's nation.  He had said that it is fun to get one's photo taken everywhere and to glorify oneself and Sir, all these young officers are doing it like others and others are kissing some drivers, some do not do it themselves, one half of them is kept by some.  Now this thing is going on that if someone makes a video doc of these then they will say yes, what can we do, tell me, Dum Sahib or Dum Sahib, are they reducing the story a bit and if someone is bitten by them, then do they want to show the scenes from the movie? You mean like the collector shown in the movies, sir, I will also tell you about such a collector in more detail, which no one has told you till now, and you all must see it, so what should be the streets, what should be the streets.  If you want to prepare for UPSC, definitely do it well for 2 years, take nights, after that start your work and keep giving exams and that too after one stage, if it is done then it is good and if not, it is very good. Do it continuously for 8 years 10.  Don't make it a thing of the year, I am going to tell you about its future in UPSC, if you check the data very carefully, Vikas Divya Kriti ji also just told that 54 Hindi medium students have been selected from there. Being selected does not mean that Hindi medium people have become intelligent, it means that now more people from other strata of society have started coming and some other strata of society have started getting disillusioned, not even giving the exam is very good. This is very good, this UPSC should be on the lower level, those poor people who suddenly get selected, that they will also know and when they will know, they did not tell me anything, I request with folded hands that today I never  Don't speak in any video because you have to tell me the thing and watch the video only after listening to it completely you will understand what I am saying, what is there to say, what is there to say, what is there to say, the coming of women, I am happy, the future which I had told.  Future of UPSC: In the times to come, more women and girls will come, it is not that they have become intelligent, it is not that they have become intelligent, I am saying that Handwriting Divya Kriti ji said the selection of girls.  This has happened more because the handwriting is good. Hey, their handwriting will be good last night. Handwriting of girls is always good. Compare, you boy, the date is agreeable but will you be good in this exam, that is why after getting selected, everything was bad in the previous one. Talk on logic.  I base 90% of the things on Divya Kriti ji, but those 10% issues are the same as anyone else's, because she can talk very well in very short spoken lines. But later on in the middle they talk like this, if nothing happens then it will be translated, if you continue for 10 years, if you do not become anything, then story or story, you will definitely become something good, this is a big deception, story will become nothing, you will become maximum story master ji, you will become someone else.  Also, the job which is not available in the government is a big problem. Tell me, this is wrong. Tell me, if one trades in futures and options, then it is so big. Those who do not sign anything, they have demat accounts and directly agree to it.  It is written in it that how will you get it, will your husband go, what are the rest ratios, do your intelligence, they are to be written, they are different things, not to be read, everyone scrolls like this, they come with the terms and conditions and then press submit, but why are they not telling this here?  Why are they not telling that IT is very risky, think risk reward ratio is like this, no one is going to become an arrow in the pumpkin, no one told me about those things, I will tell you Awadh Ojha ji is like that, he is a star artist type and he is a star teacher type. Many people in Patna had written in the comment area of ​​one of my videos that he studies a lot, does well, has nothing to do with studies, he speaks on his own.  That sometimes it was less here, sometimes it was yes, sometimes it was yes and again and again, it is good that if you got more money, then learn from them, learn from them that UPSC is a gambling and the losers continue to earn more money because they are attracting new people to gamble.  I am teaching you to understand what I am saying Vikas was engaged, why didn't he leave them and come, the appointment has been made and that's what I will tell you while parading and saying to a girl that what do you say now that in 258, the secretary will become cabinet secretary, how can you say, what is the ratio, what is the chase.  And if it happens, what will happen? 23 out of 58 are going on. In the middle, everyone forgets the struggle in between. Posting at a small place, posting from here in three months, posting from here, posting to children 10 times.  Changing school, this whole package is not even told. Brother, why is this package not told? Why is only a small package told? And you will get such a big house, you will get a big house, for how many days will you be here? 3 months, 6 months, 9 months, 12 months, 18 months. A scandal has happened.  So you will be fired in 6 months, for this you want to become one of the small lions. Who has seen you say peacock dance in the jungle? Don't glamorize it so much. It is a job, it is a job. In the coming time, you will be in lower class.  People will come, people of poor people will come, then you Bablu, what problem are you facing, I am not facing any problem, it is a very good thing, I am predicting in the future that this will happen in the future, now you see many boys of rickshaw pullers will become girls.  And there will be more girls because girls have the power to wait, now boys don't have the patience to start, so what is a girl if she doesn't prepare for it, does n't do it even 10 times.  If she becomes a housewife, then what is her time? Do you know how many women there are in the middle class in India? 9% of the women work less than 91, so less manage the house at home, so either try to manage the district.  Otherwise, there is a house to manage, there is something like this that girls used to do Vikas Devi, girls are very good, they will be selected because they will manage the district, because which girl can manage the house too. Which brother, 23, 24, 25 year old, which girl manages? Girls don't do anything, they raise their heads every day, we know that you watch all my videos, I am not there, I give the balance to someone who is my old friend, they know in some Write dog HPA, write something in dog, but let me tell you why this is being said, girls, if you do good at home, you will manage the district well. If you manage the district well, then the country will also be good.  If he manages then he becomes the Prime Minister then not everyone is like this, isn't he? This logic means he is so soft spoken, he talks so lovingly and so well, then it seems that he is getting everything right because no man can do such logical things from here to here.  Then there is no one here to talk nonsense because everyone will catch hold of it and say, look at this, this is excellent, there is clapping for it, when in the exam, you are also the teacher, if the question is correct then you will get marks for it.  If you go for the wrong question then you will not get marks. If you go for the wrong question then you will get deducted. What is there in this thing? Now the children come to Brahma and give them development. They are also doing a very good job by coaching those who cannot crack the question.  We will do it but there is a catch in that, tell me that the boy who has cleared PCS is a girl who also has to take the interest test, if she has cleared prelims, then it means the date day after tomorrow, this groomed fear definitely needs a little polishing, then it will be good for you and you. It is an investment, your result will definitely be good because you have taken the good one, are you doing it wrong, are you doing it very well, but you have to understand it completely, you took those people and then the result from them became good, the result is good.  If it happens, these people are not being given any subsidy since then, brother, if someone is working for ₹ 100, then this ₹ 20 will be spent here, so for that, they have to earn 100 from someone, now they have to earn 100 from someone.  But if Question Academy is a model ground and which is also the model ground of Vikas ji or Awadh Ojha ji, then they cannot say that children, after the third time, we will not take only three attempts, will you just make these people go?  Can't say, everyone's taste is the same, 10-10-15, keep attending or keep coming again and again, repeat match, repeat match, repeat match, repeat match, no, this time we missed number two, oh so much.  There is competition, everyone stays with only two marks. There will be very few people like this in the exam in Prelims because those who are so incompetent are not going to give it. You will not see this in Prelims. If someone gets 12 marks then everyone will get 9395 97 105.  Topic of 110 and then your general category in it, this category is getting the curd of mind only in 15-20 marks, everyone knows this and  UPSC also does Marks Plus like this and it looks like this and every time the paper changes, your pattern will change in two-four years, then again tweet in the story, then you have endured the pattern, only then I have been there for two-three years.  You have come out of this think, you became an expert in it, you saw everything, something changed from fat, someone else became it and most of those who are already officers, keep it at level A because they have a sense of despair, I am employed.  An IPS officer is already familiar with this, Sir, he feels a little relieved. He has done zero notes on the job. His personality has improved. An IPS officer is sitting in the interview. Now you have to give her number. All ready.  If you are an IPS then what is the number dog? You have already been selected as IPS. Now she will become an IC. Keep playing this. What is the purpose of the whole country? To prepare the people. If Puri says it is worth Rs 40 thousand crores.  This is the only good thing in the economy, what is not good in productivity, there is also alcohol in it too, there is a government committee which makes a lot of money, the good thing is that these fantasy cricket people, dream11, this, 11, this, that, this is a very good thing, they also earn money.  This means that they should be promoted for the country's productivity and also for war. There is a thing called 'I Bill and With' which I had said in 'Which Nobody Bill Tells You' and this is because I opened up a bit.  I can speak because I know that in so many 19 minutes my patience will be less but those who came here and listened and understood then please type, I heard it in mains and if I understood it then it is S and those who enjoyed it after this then MG Listen carefully, in childhood, we used to play games. All the children of you people had to play games, in which the elder children used to play with the younger children. Some kind of system was called, if you remember, remember the word, small child, when it came to the elder children.  I told him to play in the middle of  I used to go, its raw, so the cup was small child in good humor, he will neither get ice nor his pick, ok no he will be out, nor will he be in, neither his numbers will be counted, nor runs will be counted, nothing, nothing will be counted, he would play.  He will keep playing or she will keep playing and he is singing this fear, it was raw, like this, now inside this system, when I will call these women, women, I will account in the previous tabla, irrespective, you belong to any caste, women are anything, women are behind.  hee money  Caste is what brings them forward and the rest are those who are behind, whatever categories are running for you and those who are poor from Tabla are also coming inside Sony, there is no reservation, nothing will be yours, you are raw.  Bill less and relaxing five years, this has been cut but very big and big people know this thing and do it with a big base, see there is no one to tell the thing because no one will tell, I will create a platform in the coming time if you all support me.  where this truth is revealed  It will happen and God will say that if any officer himself comes and says that brother, there is nothing here as you are thinking, there are less jobs due to which everyone is less, the country is less and no one is so great, now no one is so great, no.  But he makes the country, hey brother, he goes in 35-40 years and you, Babu, do less harm. The politician makes the country and runs it and it is the people who select him, this is just a policy and makes tomorrow this chaat secret too.  tax power  Artificial Intelligence is also tax power. If it becomes everyone's base then we will become the head of the government. We outsource less. DC will remain as data collector. DC will remain as DC Bill Note B. District Collector but Data Collector will monitor who got the benefit in the government's schemes and how much benefit did not happen.  There is no input from him, zero creativity, you see these people, who is taken, how people are taken, who will look big in speaking donkey like a donkey for 15 16 less hours.  Vishakha Nandan can do it by saying 'Lay Shabd'. Like Vishakha Nandan, one can slouch for 15-16 hours without losing one's mind. This happened in Haldighati on 20th June in 1576. So what will we tear apart in the future by parroting all the rattas of the country so that one's mind can be destroyed?  Don't think, listen, we want such a man, here you want to become such a man, zero creativity, nothing, you can't implement it from your side, it doesn't mean much.  Not only that, everything is being done by outside consultants, the consultants are doing it, our consultants also have a lobby, there is an ecosystem and you know, some 15 lakhs, 2 crores, 3 crores, I am telling you, this is the best time to be a consultant in India. LEARN D TRICK OF D TRADE NOVA SKILL SET NO SOMETHING IS REQUIRED ON THE FOREHEAD NO DEGREE IS REQUIRED YOU SHOULD COME DOWN AND YOU WILL BE SORTED AND THIS IS MONEY WORK  Dhaba's government is running all over the place on consultants, hold some department, all the constructors are a good thing, not doing evil is a good thing for the government because they have the knowledge, they were selecting the car, they have nothing, relieved, I am telling.  If you have heard the PM's speech, if you have heard it inside the Parliament, what more can he say, then you will run, if you hear it, then Google it, Nobody is happy and impressed with. Bureaucrats in this system become eyes of politicians but everyone becomes something, nothing happens in actual, then decision comes, only two are less, either try to point towards corruption or else be completely cool, you have seen it.  Is real serving is and starting coaching by resigning who is Gaurav hai who is one type please serving is my ko nahi karni aur d he wants you to make a big deal out of it which he should  But I have made a lot of sacrifices for Haj benefit, you don't have it because there is no shortage of disappointment in the job, but brother, you came thinking that if you got it, now it is a disappointment or else continue here, keep fooling yourself, keep appearing like this to the world,  He is a week student who can only memorize, his creativity is zero and on top of that, his parents do not have the money to do some business or study great things in life.  Do this, this is a service for those people, now all UPSC and government jobs are available, now people say no, middle class is not for middle class, middle class is still four-five percent in India, what are you talking about, you earn 50 thousand.  If you are middle class then don't consider yourself why do you stress yourself brother, how many will come below 5 lakhs? So you have, you understand that no one will have the power of oil and that power is concentrated even today.  It will remain at a higher level and I cannot tell you more openly than this. I will tell you after 6 months how the Illuminati is, they have just made you, you are raw to reduce them and you will keep roaming from here to here, and they belong to some people and they have always been there.  We have been following the same system, we are following the same system, check the full names of all the scenery officers, I am just giving you a hint, I am just running all the tricks and there you will become like this here, till then the country is far away. Such  Will progress from 3 trillion to 10 trillion in 15 20 years, so much money, so much everything is to come, you will just keep getting irritated on this job, you will keep watching from the witness that we were the calmest intelligent and this money has been useful, this money has been useful, it will be set.  I will make a king, I will make a king, Awadh ji should say that a king is not being made, there is no king, there is no king, an old time clerk level British clerk, think something.  It is not in his hands, there is no power in his Kalam, there is no power inside his Kalam, what will be said is the king, the one who is a politician is the real king, he is the one who will speak, if he does like this then the Kalam will work as he will say, whatever he will think, the Kalam will be like that.  Only if it works, it will be at its best, the one who should not write a copy shot, the secretary will write just that much tomorrow, this less artificial tax power will be given in 5 years 2029 because of this which is now the dispensation, next time I feel like this They will win the next election too and next time the system and this one will be made such that sweets will not be distributed on this ban in 2030, this is my prediction, what are you talking nonsense, sweets will not be distributed in 2030, normal things will be distributed, it is okay here.  Gai chal ok very good nobody bill best nobody bill do de clapping and de cut off andar prediction bill also note ko very hi he and keep coming either If you make the paper easy then it will be removed. If the standard of the paper remains the same as it is now, which is very high standard, it is difficult, it is difficult, it is okay, then there will be a difference in the quality of that thing. If you have to analyze every year, then cut off. Do a square analysis when the people of Hindi literature will start coming into this i.e. why can't the people of Hindi literature come, then see that when the Hindi literature people come then they will not be made to run anything, look at the system because there was a system, many years will pass for the IIT people.  a little something  They used to go and share a headline of 'I am' that a man left Rs 30 lakhs and he came just to listen to that one news so that I am explaining to people an argument like mine, so people can forward the article to him. Look brother, this is  Chhath worth Rs 35 lakh has been spent or is it just mud for that, based on the data, how many women will pass the total in the coming time, now this is a good thing, a good thing, a good thing, do it, but they will not have anything, I am telling you carefully.  What  There is no article written, no one has told me this, raising this matter somewhere, sitting, coming, getting to know each other, a lot of honesty, people are very close, extremely close, they speak the truth, now I cannot speak by taking their name, but one day my feeling is this because  Regretfully, whatever I say, people can say in any way, we have to bring them together on a platform and tell them the truth, government jobs are not out of the country, government jobs are on the 10th.  The first job after 10th number will be of a banker or someone in finance, third, fourth or fifth, the job that comes after 10th or 11th number will be there, you don't know here, this is the caste of the country, even 75 years ago Indian Civil  Service is the biggest, even today it is the biggest, so the progress of the country is not something to be happy about and whoever is making it has got a job, minimize tomorrow, make achievements, do something practical to take the country forward.  Show me Shivay, what is there in not doing what you do, it is like doing it, the one who is fooled here, you know that I am the champion of Gurgaon real estate, water here, India, put the motor here and come out, here it has fallen, take out the motor and take out the water.  Your achievement is this, you have to humiliate me every time, meaning I have taken out water, I can roast as per my wish, I think, do you CD performance, I do n't know any music, there is no editing, there is nothing in me.  so if this  If everything goes, then I don't know where to go but there is no more, I am this, then that, I am in this, I will get stuck in this, one people, bill, come, am, this is not, you attract, subscriber image of alloy, you attract subscribe is doing absolutely right and the child It tastes so good that if you are looking for a son, if you are getting married, then you are preparing for it, but it does not mean that you should keep waiting for yourself for 10 years. It does not mean that if you  If you get married, your husband will tear into your book. Keep preparing but on time, I will request you all, ladies, do not leave your normal life and he will spend your time sitting on the table and chair while preparing for this exam. There is nothing brother, neither money nor power nor respect. If I had all the three then would I ask a stupid question. Do n't tell me who told me further that brother, the salary is in coaching.  15 More money is used for double the work than what is given to the children. Well, it is not for the money. Yes, it is not for the money. I also know, then who is there for power and respect? Now tell me, power, respect and money are these three things.  If it is not there, then for whom will we give money, respect is not there, performance is not in your hands, you can never come and say that it did not happen because of me, because actually it is not because of you, there is no power, policy and if something goes wrong.  If the clipping is there, then you don't even care, you don't even know, and half of it is not there, your respect is very pleasant, the rest of the place is also like this, for the one who got trapped on the spot, the police is very helpful.  It becomes a big thing that the one who has gone fancy and whose challan is being deducted, if some scandal is going to happen, then if you get trapped, then even the doctor becomes God, if he has done the same for you and he is the doctor and you have a waiting list, laugh.  That person grows up in me And the small people in the rest of the department are respected a lot, compare them with this, the train that runs is neither in their signal nor in its signal, I don't know how many people's lives are in their hands when they change the track of the train and this  Railways will not even know about this, what do people do in the planes that fly, they have to sit in ATC, the people who give such short 150 planes and different flight levels and give different directions and they stall them in. For landing and so on, you see planes flying and landing in every dead minute, but you don't even know it because they have three nanny's, right now they are making fun of them.  Let's show that he is sitting from behind. In the controlling de lines of so, people, every one literally takes it, it is not on the cusp of it, no one keeps it on a live stick, he is tormented with the comfort of it, he sits and picks up his.  If he does less or does less, then he is not criticized, then this video will be one of the other incidents which is true and all these coaching people who have fooled him because YouTube, social media is a very powerful thing.  This is a very powerful thing, you can influence him in any way and there is no one to do it like this because he will say that he will be on financial YouTube, why should I mess with him, anyone will say, I can also make contacts.  I too have the content of my daughter-in-law, I have the content of astrology, I too have the content of real estate, now tease me AK, there will be a fight here, he said, everyone will share together and eat what is mine, become everyone's guest, whose country it is.  It is free, it is democracy, everyone is sitting openly, tell me, your sweets are useless, my good, your good, you will have to give clarity, all of them here are like side effects, they are also going behind like a rat.  I do n't know when 10 years will pass, I get 25 WhatsApp messages every day, I have been preparing for 12 years, nothing has happened, you Baba, tell me what to do, ask the one who was training you, my  Our brothers were inspiring us for the last 10 years that either I will become a kid, he will do it, and if nothing else happens then there will be experience and then what will happen to him through experience, what will you do after gaining experience.  72 There are many people sitting here, what will you do? Tomorrow is the war. Please, if you do not wake up now, then you will not be a partner in the ecosystem that will create a lot of wealth in 15 years. Whether you get selected or not,  If yes, then it is good if you cool down and reduce your losses in a hurry, but if it continues for 10 to 12 years, then brother will not be part of the story and if mother also goes, which is 0001%. Even then there is no arrow in the pumpkin, despite this D message being made, nothing is happening, the videos will remain like this in the future, if you want, take out the thing inside then tell me the loan and if you want, some officer can also take it. Also tell me, only then Shanti will go to the post, then Google his name and check that he is the right person, first then that right person will say that yes, you are speaking Tiki and people should check themselves, nowadays these people are also like us.  Due to the pressure of the video, you will be on plane B. He has gone to talk about all the coaching staff, thankfully at least one achievement has been achieved by Allah, at least he has now gone to tell his students to look at their plane B also there is a plane too.  If there is no plane then it is not there, if it is not made then what will you become then B. Now look at that saying that if you don't do one then you will be expelled from PCS. Hey brother, in PCS, your question is asked something else, the PCS of Rajasthan is saying wrong.  You will emerge as a local person from Rajasthan. I have read all the exams and have prepared them, that's why I am telling you right now that he will ask for the exam from Rajasthan. The one from Haryana cannot take out the PCS from Gujarat, because he also wants to set his people in the same manner.  Yes, there will be tweet in the paper, what you are studying in UPSC, friend, after reading the pattern of UPSC, if they tell you that you can remove PCS with confidence, not a dog, because PCS people have beaten their fathers to remove them in questions.  If he doesn't know about it, then he might have to pay state tax, so for those suits you will have to study separately, it is not so easy, put South Indians behind and show North Indians ahead, they have kept their local language as compulsory tax in many places.  So there is some mandatory paper or question or its customs, color, tradition, if their questions are asked, my history is so good, but I have also gone and picked up their papers and seen that the story is such a local history, this is what we have never seen.  If you haven't read these kings, then haven't you heard that the people there know about the studies done by their state government, which is their state government board, but I have explained this whole thing in detail, please watch this thing because you can watch even a 40 minute video.  Even if it is, share it and tell someone, brother, you should watch it completely, only then you will get clarity because it is not big to hear the counter perspective in 40 minutes after taking 10 years. Thank you while walking.  very match