Hello friends, this is a bit deep topic, try to understand it well. The name of the topic is: Was your childhood the best period of your life? You can pause and write the answer because it is on this topic, it comes up in many consultants too and you also come across it in conversation.  Today I am going to tell you a very deep secret, play with human mind or which is my experience, practical experience of doing so match of consultations, many people say Those days of childhood take a lot of risks and you are like some times. Okay, what was it like in childhood? If you like your childhood very much or would you have done it further that your time has passed.  If you feel very good, then you may be in depression right now. The past should never feel very good. Memory is good. Okay, this is one thing. Bed childhood is one thing. But you have to say that it was the best time.  That one thing must have come, childhood was average, good parents but decent, everything is God, sometimes I used to have teeth, parents used to fight, there were spices like it happens in homes, there was nothing like that I have trauma, there was nothing like that that I knew about  No, how messed up the youth are, I am relieved in this childhood, you have seen that picture, which one was this one with Manjulika, Bulbulayya with Akshay Kumar, the issues of childhood issues are relieved. That was an extreme movie, let's make it as per the movie, but those who are having issues are the shoes of all of us in India, everyone is walking with more or less, this one, you have to watch it again and again if the story comes out of your mouth.  It is not happening and you are not hearing this, I am of your identify with the subject which I have just teased type ID because if this is happening then you definitely need someone's help. You have heard this again and again in your childhood.  You can't go because your present is so bad that you have been going since childhood, this is a difference mechanism, you are doing it, it is happening, but now if you feel like this is happening with you, with your wife, your husband. Maybe this is happening with your ₹ 700, I have seen many women like this, 65 years of childhood, there is caste in acquaintance, friend circle, relatives, everything is in the form of consultation and I am like yours. 66 Air Road In 12 years, you had happiness, not in between, there was no happiness in 12 years, 13 years, 14 years. What about your 24 years, 30 35 BK, child duty was best before mother, then you have to do something then childhood.  If your present sends this note simple date your future has to be better then your present date should be  The goal of which human beings you strive is, you know butter, peace, clarity, peace, meaning, you tell me when you did not know how big the world was, that period was your best, now you have gained wisdom in life, you have gained money, you also have clarity, you have control.  What control do any child have in the life of 14 years, 12 years, 11 years and 10 years? Parents send money to school, they have to go there, then they wear the clothes given to them and take the food that is prepared for them. She has some control in her life, it's okay, she does n't have to worry too much about Giri, who is worldly, but looking at her life in one way, it is helpless, everything is going according to her parents, today she has relatives.  If you want to go to a wedding, then let the child also go. If you want to go to a party today, then go to a movie. If you want to go to this one, then it means that the mother of the child is not always like this. Okay, sometimes when it is the parents' birthday, then they give something like this, but  The teacher in school is like this, homework has to be done  You will have to study, that is, okay, childhood is this okay but you have to enter it in childhood. According to me, childhood is such a thing if you look at it, especially in teenage years, like you see, there are teeth here, yes there are teeth, sit up and sit as far behind your parents and in the world. No one in your life ever suffers as much as you read in teenage. When you grow up but you are still having a good period, that means you are in a good condition, actually a good condition and you can please change this bad condition.  Accept it, discuss it, discuss it with people, it is very very important India, look at the topic I am running, you are seeing all the unique topics, you will not find the story on the whole YouTube, please, for this it is probably called clapping from 10. Please give likes and please spread awareness in your friend circle. You should also do a little social work and also forward it. It is okay that nowadays you know how the atmosphere is on WhatsApp.  How has it been and how will it be in the future? Moving in these elections, leave that thing behind, don't you, this is a lesser thing, do this also a shortcut, it is yours, which is like this in the family, in childhood, perhaps in the days of your youth, perhaps in the days of your employment, many elderly people are like this.  He is busy in his job Venice is childhood what time and basically was in your past so it is possible date you are 60 years old and no you are saying when  I was 40 when I was there al Adhikari one I by the way fear this is a different syndrome was date and whenever syndrome please uncle ji kindly come out of date you no anchor date your life is very nice today also that you have achieved no interest  No one is listening to what I want you tell the world is and what is me subscribers is this brother nobody is interested what was yours good you have to make your present good and that Smiling will be visible on your face. It will be visible on your face that how is your present now and how is your present now. Your future is formed by your actions. Stay in this paste. Don't be depressed. Never look at old albums. Sometimes look behind photographs and these things.  Don't run behind so much, in making memories in life, we become so much that these are just these happiness, beyond this, I will never be happy again. Take 150 photos now and then keep them, they never develop.  That and then he crushes the phone, crushes the mobile, destroys the hard disk, does not keep a backup, does not have photos. Earlier, we used to take 36 trains and used to take photos and those photos became stories. Today, we are 36000.  Take a photo and we don't see it in reality. A separate video can be made on this also. You have to always remain hopeful for the future and if the present is not good then first of all accept it, right now.  So because sir time, I also don't know the same, but the current fox, keep it now, do n't step, you had good food in lunch, we have to arrange dinner also, dinner is Khichdi, but you are not very antis in Khichdi, but Khichdi. Add a little tadka to it, make it good, take papad, chop some onion, chop green chillies, take some lemon etc. Take one spoon gram of desi dal, then that is khichdi. I am telling you on the basis of example, okay.  Hope you are understanding that khichdi also looks a little good. G caste works hard, first dish was very good, there were many dishes, ok, now you are getting khichdi, ok, so this can also be cherished, date it de most again and again.  I don't need to remember it and that one was good, it was gram, it was that maybe your teeth and teeth will remain the same, okay, so make it exciting in life, make khichdi exciting, maybe in the future, you will get porridge, okay then porridge. Put something interesting in it. Ok and check out its recipe and smile. Ok because this is very important. It is very important to have fun in life. The aim of the channel is that I ask everyone, I am having fun, it is fun, these people are having a lot of fun.  It is said that if you are enjoying your life, if you are having fun, then you are doing something wrong, it is okay because that money should come, the pleasure and enjoyment should not come just from the fact that I am seeing the release, that is dopamine.  Because happiness is your sustainability  It should not be that I drank alcohol and enjoyed it. I drank alcohol and talked to my friends about the pleasure. For that I need alcohol again and it is possible that I may not get both from friends and when I don't get it then my pleasure is a default setting state honey.  You just need to know the things and left and right people are becoming mockers, they are running away, they are getting sad, these things are happening and you are seeing this, there is a joy in it too that you are telling others and  He is still not a mother and he  The idiot is declaring that you don't know anything and you are doing it in his name, then in all these things, next time please, when it comes to childhood, remember this thing and tomorrow's match, this is also a note, best welcome, this should be kept in life.  Live in such a way that the last breath you exhale is your best time, your state of happiness in that time is a constant strike, if you step back then you will not get salvation, then I will be here, I did not go with the ultimate.  When the ultimate is said that brother, this is the best, then there is no need to come again, here this time is saved, I will play the reset game again. Okay, so I am not making this Sangolese formula, I will pay it to youth on clarity.  Because if I go further, then those things will become related to conscious intellect and discretion and they will become a little difficult. Okay, I am a little wary, this is more modern, so I will not talk much about these things, but I definitely gave you a hint. A smile appeared on my face.  Tell me, is it okay and it is like childhood, I hope from you my audience again, childhood is not the best, those who were saying that no, childhood is very best, it was the best, those are the best days, no no, children's.  Time is not wasted. It is okay in the life of a healthy individual. A child's life can't be. B. D. Best time it can be a good time but not. D. Best time. Pest time to aana baccha hai I hope.  You people will agree, I am talking about the best time. Childhood can be a good time and it should also be there. Periods should be ensured that the childhood of their children is not only good but it becomes the best, that is, then their future is over.  Meaning, if what you did i.e. when your parents were living, you were under the control of your parents and the life they were living was the best, when you got the reins of your life, it was not the best, then it means no story.  Is it a failure? Parents as well as you have to understand it like this. Hope you all enjoy such videos and can understand. If you can understand and enjoy then please write one complete word A N K O A. I will not speak code.  If I enjoy, then I tell him that the creator says, yes man, if you understand this and enjoy it, then we will make more, ok, thank you very much.