Hello friends, this can be a life changing video for many housewives. If you identify with this then please keep the ID below. The name of the topic is What Indian Wives are doing in this dear one. An aspect of bringing of children and a little aspect of the general environment.  The video is late, please understand further. I would like to address some young women here because the scene that has become a citizen has already become a scandal.  I will say the same words to him that what has happened to him and he is in a lot of pain. I do property consultation and such consultations which involve conflict management. A big pattern is visible in the houses. The pattern is visible in that society also. You tell me, have you seen your patterns in your house or not? If you are a husband then please give this video to your wife. If the man is listening to you, he is young, married, now the child is 2 years old, he too must definitely because  That you will not make a mistake, you are fine and those whose elders are also there, please enjoy, it is okay to share with everyone, if you are a match, you identify with this video problem, this is the women's time, when children are born, an environment like this is created.  It is said that the woman turns her relations more towards those who have children, they are more likely to come and go and meet and greet, which is a relief and the one who is at her husband's house is not 100 out of 100 in all the houses. Such stories do happen, so if this is not happening in any house, then you should not spoil it so quickly, it is the base rate effect. For example, if I make a separate video for any advice, then what is there in it that if uncle ji and you ji are okay?  Is it true or ba-ji type or does she not marry those who are her husband's family, but if there are reasons, then I am telling you what the consequences are being borne, even though the Supreme Court has said that women have the right in property, but especially in many houses.  in North India Where women want property, it is okay, then they say, brother, you took it from the Supreme Court, then go and take it from him, what am I saying about this, I am saying that it is good for women to have relationships, one take one, give one, give everything to the brother.  You will get uncle ji, respect is there, there is a relation, otherwise they will all like you, now the property here, I have to come from it, uncle ji, you are who you are and grandfather ji and that property has to be accounted for, here you have made your differences, now the differences are there.  to do  What if there is only one uncle, there is only one person, his heart never beats for his nephew, for his niece, there is no love, there is no respect, there is no respect, then tomorrow it will cost my life to fight for my rights, you understand my point.  What can I tell you, I have been trying to build this relationship from the beginning for years. If you can't make many songs then at least don't get spoiled and these women are doing it and they are not getting any benefit. I am benefiting them because ultimately.  So their relationships are for benefits, disadvantages, benefits and disadvantages. What else are my relationships like? You have maintained them in your home, like maternal grandparents, towards maternal grandparents, towards maternal uncles, my own, my love, love, have you ever got a suit? North Indian, this has been a lot of trouble, I mean you think this is so true, tell me and forward the video, I got a tax suit, sometimes you got 500, 1000, 3000, sometimes I got half a shine, got some. Sometimes I come and get something on Rakshabandhan, this is a normal thing, shouldn't I get blessings? Ask for mangoes and bananas and then see what you get. Here you are here, you mean, you are creating poison type relationships. Women are doing this to women many times. What happens is that I sound anti-women, sometimes I sound a little pro, sometimes I am the last one, I am the mirror of the society and there is no point in mirroring it, here it is clear cut, you come for a walk, talk on the phone, say happy birthday, do this.  Happy Diwali  You see this and especially when people live separately, many times they do not live in a joint family, do they have a job, this is the house of the in-laws in which I have an asset and one brother is reducing where else he is doing the union here and that.  Do not make any effort to come closer, good relationships are formed only when the woman wants, this is also a fact, man cannot decide, he can cry, can show bullying, can shout, can make noise but cannot make noise because the children. Of  There will be an orientation, when the mother will cry in the name of her mother, then the children will not love the grandmother. They will say, 'Grandma has troubled my mother, she must have done the same, I am not saying this is fine but how much has she done? How are you doing, you are my uncle, I am my father, I am telling you that these relationships are from this side, if their elder brother will not talk to them, some will not like him and the relations will go away, should they know that I am of this side that the cost is  See if you have to invest. So why is it made this versus this because then what happens to someone because why does one cry because I do a very deep deep analysis, some woman is 62-63 years old and her husband is gone, right, she is a widow and has a child.  Is she okay or does she have two children and now she is being harassed by her in-laws regarding the property that we are not getting, this is on the face off and is very sympathetic because yes, the woman.  When a woman's husband leaves, the society gives her the property on the default setting that she doesn't have a husband, it's okay, but when you give her the whole and the whole two and the whole two and the whole because that's why this happened, that's why you reached here.  If yes, then I have come to know that Parini is not such an innocent person, I had never thought like this, so today I am telling this to the young women that today Guruji is telling you that maybe after 30 years or 40 years, do not do this. Brijesh I am not this  Why is it that it is very Dhanesh and at all this is not possible many times, it is not possible, there is no divided attitude among sister-in-laws, you are beautiful, I am beautiful, I am from a rich house, you are from a rich house, the attitude is relief, just like there is no divided attitude between saints and sages, you know relationships.  Some people are like this, it's okay, but you can keep a cutie, what is the need to keep enmity, it is necessary to spoil her so much, this is my message to you, now I have never believed that a woman is like me.  She will feel the same in the elders of the family as she will feel in her husband's family. This cannot happen, cannot happen, nor should it happen because it cannot happen. I am not even from this story, but I am from this story. Brother, you told him this.  90 and 200 have been given, the number has been given, please make it 40 here also, make it 40, but don't do 40 on this side because if you do 10, your children will get out, so I don't have anything to do with it, as much as you want from here.  It will take 20-30 more years in India for boys and girls to get equality on default setting. It is not there yet, certainly not in 2023. If there is a married woman of 40 years or 45 years and she has a brother, then you should see and  You are in North Indian setting, it is okay, then you see what is your status, then blindly women are told, in Bihar, eat roti of in-laws' Ganga, make your own tashan and in-laws's gun.  To show this bad attitude, to show Nisha to the in-laws, to control or excess, that too, all politics goes on, but it is dynamic, my father, my brother, I am fine with this, this is yours, ultimately, many people like this.  You will feel sexist further brother, my caste associated with my surname will be caught and pulsed. The Khapa Panchayat person is talking, no, I don't even consider him a big person in the Khap Panchayat, the story is fine, you told him.  But anyway, I am trying to make you understand that it is a 30-35 year journey of money because you don't know where your in- laws were going, when the highway was built from where, where the value of which land went, which acquisition.  I do n't know where the life will be, whatever story it may be, you were not giving them the feeling of two, then look if not when not ready without you, not ready in the consequences consequences, then it has to happen if  The problem is that when I was young, I became a hero a lot, then keep being so, then say that brother, we are the kings and in reality, my father is the king of the royal family, the king is our family, so I am nothing, then be very clear, don't cry, then 62.  Do n't show sympathy again at the age of 63, because what have you done for 35 years, you will have to suffer that, then whatever the court does, keep fighting for 20 more years because the decision is here.  Do you know how it is in India and then whether your children will get married or not because at home, uncle, you have to go to the court, there are issues in the marriage of children there, you know India, many people want to get their children married.  If we do so, then how will the court be held so that it does not happen to the next one, because that person will be considered bigger. When how are courts run between brothers? How are courts run between brothers and sisters? That thing will be considered bigger because why is that thing considered bigger?  What is his logic? His logic is that  Friend, these people have no shame in fighting among themselves in the court, due to blood relations, our guests will also go to area 498, which area is this, because what shame do they have, they have the number of a lawyer, they will fight against us in 2 minutes.  Will give money whenever it is not our own, then that thing is very serious. In marriage, in India, the first thing that is seen is that it is divided among themselves, where will they earn from us, there are so many lies of brothers in the house. Rakhi is not even a matter of sister-in-law or brother-sister-in-law, because some fights do happen but they remain within the family, until the society did not find out, everything is okay, but when there is a caste in the society, please find out a little.  Do the same among yourselves, even if you are adopting a surname, even if you are not adopting it, you are a member of his family, your children have some similarity with that family, you may understand it as kingdom type or whatever.  Chotusa, whatever is his account will be there because when that pumpkin will be cut and not distributed properly, then he will cry a lot, either check that there is no pumpkin, then we pamper him, he is poor, then it is okay, then it is okay, then advice.  K will not give you always something, my friend, it is the knight of humanity, this much means okay, this is the scale, this pan will remain heavy in your family, everyone understands that you are a husband and if 2 K is inserted here, then  Here, add 1 a, that's all I am of, I am not of this, that by picking up the celebrity, it is happening in two and then when tragedy hits, it happens in the homes, I have seen the girl's brothers helping so much.  Don't do it, it is a fact, if you want to write the story in capital letters then write it because it will come into the society and will be spoken by mouth, don't take further blood relations because when you talk like this, you run the rescue just like anything, nowadays children are very mean.  please sort it out quickly Because yes society is modern, society is modern when scandals happen, society goes on the old route, it is your society that changes night after night, if something goes wrong in life, then it becomes very rude, suddenly it is like this. Very stylish one, then understand this how good relations are with your husband's family if you can't have good relations, have functional relations, what is functional relation, Namaste ji, Namaste dear Panaji.  Happy Birthday, yes yes, it is a functional relationship, it is okay brother, if there is some conversation, then that too can be done tomorrow, you too can do it tomorrow, there is no loyalty but there is a relationship, do not break the relationship in this D message, I hope I have been clear in understanding this.  It is okay for the people, please share this thing, these issues are happening and the men who have two wives who are looking after their wives, please because the mistake is being made by you and in how many houses it happened, see now the big people.  Check yourself, what did your mother say and how are your current relations? There is a fact from father's family that many people are estranged. How many people identify with you? Please tell me. Thank you.