Hello friends, it is a very practically relevant topic of today's time. There is a lot of clarity for the war. If you are a parent yourself then listen to it because it affects you too because you will emerge as the character in this video and the direct youth is 15-20 35.  The name of the year's please listen topic is what do you do if you are on family criticizes you on a constant basis and you face a lot of criticism. This is happening a lot in this family and many people are worried about it, so I will try to give some clarity on this. Okay, you have to see if criticism is happening with you and if you are a parent then also you should listen.  If both of you get some benefits then just see where this criticism is coming from. Is your choice of subject being criticized? Is your job being criticized? Is your boy or girl being criticized?  What is being criticized about who will choose for marriage? Is your daily routine from the time you wake up till you go to sleep at night and the way you like semen, what is being criticized is it coming from a genuine concern of the parents or science.  Parents, they don't know what you are doing, it is not correct, it is not wrong, it is absolutely right, you have to see what should I do, what should I do, do anything, you have to look simple, I have a lot Cases come for consultation that yes parents do like this, they do like that, they are very upset, we don't understand this, we are treated like this, they do like this, age is so fast, 24 graduations are over, it's ok, we have been facing such pressure for last 2 years.  If you are not doing anything, then I say, friend, why are you in so much trouble, why do you live in your parents' house, then you are completely silent, what is your sense of entitlement? If the talk is giving good results, you will have to say clearly that you  You will feed, feed, give birth to children, see, your duty is till 21 years, do 12th till 18 years, do graduation till 21 years, spend 22 more years, do competition or some exams etc. after that it is not your duty, after that it is a favor, you should also do a favor, children.  But the child who seems to be the one who wakes up in the morning, the child who does not wake up on time in the morning, who does not have a daily routine, who has only direct friends, then when  If you are facing criticism, then check the quality of your friends. Are they good friends or are those friends with whom you can move ahead in life by doing some education or doing some small business? Are there any friends with positive influence? Parents have full right, full right hand is theirs, it is not about criticism, where it is not cutting date, we are called aage un parent, tu ek stage pe karni padegi aapko bol bhai tu  Rent a room and go. If you don't have the money to pay that rent, then at least take it from us. We will do some bathing, cleaning, cleaning, eating and drinking in our house, so how to do it now, I mean, now I can't say.  That I will not give you bread, then you said it yourself or I will not wear your simple clothes because it seems to him that she will pick it up and put it in the washing machine, so if you look at the criticism here, where are you coming from, if the criticism is new. Due to the generation not knowing about the new things from their parents, they are trying to get into new jobs and they are trying to do well but the previous generation has taken the things which you have understood you.  The child is doing this, what is the source of knowledge and whom is he seeing? Do you understand his language and his aspirations and what he is doing? Try to understand.  If you want or you have made your own name plate, if any relative or child of your brother-in-law, brother-in-law, uncle is doing this, then you should also do the same to him and he had done this at least 6 years ago, on this day, every year, 12  The market place is changing very visibly in a month and in 6 months, the market is changing so dynamically that perhaps you such a parent does not know what is happening, well he knows what is happening to the next generation but what to do.  If they don't know, then this is a tricky situation where the whole family will have to come to terms, they cannot criticize each other. Look, the children who are becoming completely useless and are hanging around, then they need visual treatment. This is the American treatment of the parents. No, they pass out in 15, 16 and 17, then they keep taking education loans and stay outside, we have made you till 23, so make the cut off lower than 23.  At the age of less than 23 years, if the child is unruly and doesn't do anything, and you don't feel that he is going to do anything, then first of all get him out of the house. Even after leaving the house, you yourself are free, you yourself are suffering at home too.  He is good for your health and for him and if you have this brother who knows what will happen and what he will do, then you will see him getting ruined in front of you too. There is a chance that if the situation gets his way then you have it's very Indian parents.  Of Did a lot of tricks because ours actually beats us for a long time. This is not the same but you have the gift system for the children and if the parents are criticizing the things which they are not able to understand then please try to understand them, this is how the job is.  This is the future in this, this is how growth can happen in this, this is my plan, this is the message, I am thinking, I need your help here, you will understand communication, but understand that and parents also need your  Are you getting tension that what do you mean by your source of wisdom, where is the copy coming from? For you, you criticize this. If you are finding it too burdensome, then tell me in clear cut, you live in the house, I die every day.  Or if there is a need, tell me brother, we can't raise you, we don't have you in our life because I have seen that the heart keeps beating like a man, the father gets eliminated a lot for the child and the father becomes such a villain. That boys are special, girls have a slightly different system in India, that's why I am not giving the example of many girls, but this happens to boys, the father becomes their enemy and that is very bad for me because the father has very genuine concerns.  Yes, but he is not able to tell and explain and his manner ranges from rudeness to ignorance. Dad, if it is okay, then the same dad is listening. If you are listening, you can send the video to each other. Depending on, then you have updated.  On what is happening you just can't dissonance person child like you do it see it do it yourself without if you have not told him anything you have told him everything you have done everything he is the one who is useless some new which are rare cases such children are  But it is 5%, which means they may not have clarity in anything or they may not know what to do or above, please open, you are listening, you have some good suggestion, brother, do it like this, please open, you are fine.  If you have any, then please think about these things which I have told in this video, please write on the comment section and communicate with some love and love, then this is the best way with this family date, this is the largest thank you.