Hello friends, this is a very special video with a special message, you are the young mother out there, I have a very big audience, the name of the youth channel is on Clarity and normally Kaif, many times I make the boys angry because they feel  He is a big feminist, talks about women, today I am going to tell you a truth and this is a huge deficiency in your young mothers, there is no one to guide them, so today watch this video.  It will not be very long to watch but it will change your perspective of the story. Listen carefully every parent because it is for men only, it is for boys only, but if you are a woman listening then also listen to what Guruji is going to tell the boys in the story.  If you are not telling anything like this then it is okay to comment. Mothers are watching, women are watching, girls are watching, I am almost watching and if elders are also watching then tell your children also. I am going to tell you about these things.  It is important to listen carefully. Father, every wife needs a strong husband. Mother does not have a choice other than being strong. This is in the pursuit of equality. Women are ahead in competition. They should have the right. Those who are in the world are out there and women are not equal in this.  I will not say that you are good or women are good, it will not be discussed that I and women are different understand the world and no one can.  No they are not different they are different and they bill not get in here batting in you I am very troubled because of butter my wife will be yours if I am there then tell me who wants to marry Anam no matter what  Anyhow, anyhow, I import from Everybody Wants Every Girl Bill, so this is a big big difference, there is a very big difference, in the second thing I want to tell, this thing is not a story, people know that my  To show strength, what mistake are you making now and what is that one emotion which is missing a lot in the youth now, I will tell you about that also, so stay connected, I am not going to make a very long video, but listen to it carefully, it is a very deep thing, men.  She knows that I have to remain strong, it is okay, her concept seems to be that it is right to insult women and sarees are useless, this will also happen in the western world, it will happen in India, but now no one has seen her like this.  So, if there is such a big sample in it, take this sample only and take it as the truth, then I cannot explain it to you guys in the audience, but what is wrong, now listen carefully, strength, the man wants to show that he is strong.  I am but never show is not explained in Hindi date strength notes also son if your showing strength it is not strength strength is felt heavy lagin repeat strength is felt  Bye de wife strength of character preservation He is seeing what the youngsters are doing, these songs are coming in badi-badi gaadi mein chal aur yudi songs aaye hai bhai tera dollar ki gaadi hai yeh woh aise karke kuch nahi strength nahi hai No, it's all nonsense, they bring the car on hire or for 20-30 days, look at the registration number, there is nothing, they have good Puri show and they have relaxation in it.  I have done this that we will become stronger, we will write something on it, 50 boys are running around, so just by adding two leaders in it, it became like this, they did not make anything of their own, they also made some songs of their own strength, this is very great.  And it is visible like this, you are also seeing it on social media and there are a lot of them, they do not have any strength, this is not that being strong can be if it has glasses, woman has the strength of a woman, other regions on the highway headache, you can understand.  What are all the reasons of a man, I am not in the mood today, I will not earn money, an auto rickshaw driver, I will not go to the doctor, he does not know that he will not get money, even a laborer cannot speak, you do less in IT, we do something else, you are more unwell.  You men can't do this, you wish for money, women every day, power to go that I am going like this, I am going like this, mine is that, mine is this, men do not have a choice, now if you are born a man then learn to live it.  Don't run, don't cry, I will teach him a lesson, I will teach this, I will teach him, being a man is a lot of responsibility. Running has not been given as much as others and is being given now and will be given in future. Ladies, do not put one thing in competition. One thing is very good.  You have to understand that you are different and money, you will have to wish and woman bill always want you my up d social channel social letter you are here then this woman you should do mine that you want to do it, you should not do it then cry  Don't If you don't like this one, then increase your level. In the process of increasing the level, the train is also a Chhath caste. Remember this too, the level kept increasing, till the age of 33-34 years, all those girls who were fine went away.  Same thing is happening with Airtel too, I will tell a separate topic for them sometime. This one is for men in messaging. Sometimes you just get the one. I go with you when you are Airtel don't. Livers become successful, this also used to happen for the second one, if you come from contribution also, then that girl will be more joyful for you and in that, if you reach a higher level and go a little further down, then again every man comes because every man hits the pick sometimes or the other. After that it comes down a little, it will not make much difference to the woman, but if you think of changing the pick again, then it has come as per the PK and is the same high value mother always flowers in the relationship become richer and her  Attract on the basis of money. Attract on the basis of money. In your fortis, that relationship does not last because those women came into your life always for money. Women are always there. We will know on the next episode or if you want what is this high value woman, this is such a woman.  Who is she and you have to go after a high value woman? How will you define her? What will happen and whom should you marry? I will keep adding it in my videos. It is a very big subject, there can be 25 videos in it. So today there is one emotion that I had to tell you guys and that emotion is locking inside the war and boys have that emotion, yes, can you gas, is n't that strength, is there anything else, can you gas?  So pause, if something gets right then be very happy, don't cheat because I will tell you in 15 to 10 seconds, pause now, what is the one thing missing in boys? What is the thing in young boys?  What is missing in today's family and what should not happen is that you write down that you have attended and I will tell you after seeing that you do not have the power in you. All these things that I see today are the lamps that have passed on me or the lamps that are about to be extinguished.  The finished lamps are visible. I also reduce the amount of oil. Motivation is a different thing. This motivation is not motivation. There is clarity here. You are clearly told that you are not motivated. 84 lakh children have been born. Birth is achieved after vaginas. Okay, now I will not make astrology, but if you look at it anyway, you are a winner anyway. There is no need for any motivation for this. If a human being is born then there is no need for more motivation than this to eliminate everything.  For this, I stay for the parents of the previous generation, if you catch a child of any four-five-seven years of age, there is a lot of GST, drive them away here, don't do this, don't do that, don't do that, this is not right, that is not right, don't do this, this  What will happen, what will become, this will happen, while doing this for 20 years, everything is taken away, there is no life on the face, they live for two-three years, what were they doing for three-four years, after that you will ask what should I do, should I look for a job again?  I should apply, you many people tell me you tell me there is a lot to do but he won't find you sexy because you want something sexy and he eats his momos, drinks tea and whatever is ok so I hope Bill Wickham more you find a date  I am finding a new channel of mine, if you guys have not subscribed then please do Guruji from Gurugram, it is a very good channel and the response is new, there are some channels, subscribe, find them or I will try to put them in the link. Story.  If you see it then do it, otherwise find it. Guruji from Gurugram is great, it is good, different topics have flavours, if you have n't done it yet then do request me, that means if this is the one then it is different flavours.  You should be excited about something, there is something to be done, there is something to be done, you will make a face like Suman, just about things which will take you to place in life, the more you have the ability to add value to the lives of others, the more money and recognition you get.  You do n't want to hang on to anyone, you should have the ability to add value. Like the share video. If you have not subscribed yet, you were watching such forwards, then please subscribe to the channel. Want to take membership under which there are some workshops. In the coming time, I am going to conduct a decision making workshop. Within this video, there will be a mega workshop in One Math and whoever will be my member, on this clarity, IT becomes free for him.