Hello friends, what is the single most important think which you need to protest, I am giving clarity to the war from among you, this clarity should spread all over India, it is very pragmatic, very good video, it is going to be a good video and you must watch this one.  I have to share some videos, don't do it and do it. How much do you agree? You enjoyed it, you liked it, you got clarity. Please do mention it if you see an attack in the society today.  If you look at the Indian society and the Indian system, what is happening? This has happened in the West also and their Raita has failed. Now that thing is coming here and I will tell you very clearly what that one thing is.  If you can do gas then you can still write what we have to protest which is in our hands, for this we should not depend on anyone, neither on the government nor on any external thing, we have to depend only on ourselves. If you are today If you look carefully, this is extreme  Feminism, this is something ingrained, you know, the youngster would know everything, I demand that the movement has launched a huge attack on the institution of marriage within the society, first it was from the country, India, Pakistan, then Thai, it is from both.  Okay, then divide in the name of religion, after that in your community, divide on caste, you know, political party has grown, power has come, power is caste ever since it came.  You already know that politics after Mandal Commission. Okay, so divide on country, divide on religion, divide on community, cast etc., after that, now the most dangerous thing was that, but this one is the most dangerous, divide on gender, boy, girl, man.  And woman, man, woman, boy, girl, by girl will do area 498. Hey, this marriage should not be done, no, what is the benefit of doing this, tell me, when the most important thing for you is your family, which you should produce.  It comes out of the institution of the family. It's okay, until the family is broken, nothing can be taken out of you. There is some institution of elderly women, you tell me which one, until those elderly women are disillusioned.  Well, till then we cannot invite them to their family, where they are theirs, then by inviting them there, slowly and gradually, they get everyone accepted there because it is a decision-making woman who has to be separated from the family. So called respect, relevance and all those feelings are not available. If his heart gets broken then first break that heart. Many have been targeted in the war. What have your parents achieved? Parents do not let you live inside the house, so what now?  If you do, then you should remove them from the family, the family itself has to understand that to remove you, there are many people who are sitting aside to instigate the children in order to remove the woman who is the elder of the house, all these are meant to instigate the men. Corporate command is also successful till the end, corner office, come on get de promotion, come tu de, those who are engaged in their own, are struggling with midlife crisis, keep taking the money, are withdrawing money on Harley Davidson, will do something for the public, so that you can do something for yourself.  It's okay to have fun, mom, you are enjoying yourself, the children will use their conscious mind and discretion, all of you, don't marry, we have to live our own life, we have freedom. The boy says that if we get married, then it is 498. The girl says, "I am."  If I go then I am bound to be tortured. Hey, someone is having fun in this society, this is what I am telling you, there is some party who is having fun and everyone is making everyone an expert. Okay, so brother, there must be someone like that. Yes I am D King, I am having fun, everyone has come to rule the family by breaking the family, because where the family was doing well, I will tell the reason for the importance of the family and you guys tell me that you  Whether you understand this thing properly or not, it is going to be a very deep thing. Chapati is living in a normal healthy family where the relationship with your wife is fine, with the parents it is fine. I want to tell you to always stay close to the parents so that it is clear.  It doesn't go away and then after a while they go away, so when your father, mother and wife are nearby, then you go to make stupid investments. Someone wants to take money from you in anything.  If there is guidance, then the guiding force is the wife, who can easily tell, why is the wife so important? Why is the husband important in the life of the wife, because if someone else is making a hole in the boat, then he will also drown.  So the screen is in this game, that partnership is not yours with anyone, when I am a mother, I am like this because I am a family mother, after 5 years, India bill no me is very popular today, I can be a family mother of India.  The government should also give me an award, although I am not greedy to take awards, but I am telling you my potential, my variety comes from, it is okay and what I want you to create, it is okay, no one in the family is talking about it in India because they  It is like at Breakfast King, if you don't call him King, then there is that conflict between them and who will eat all those flakes? The Englishman told everyone to eat this normal food as well.  If you take this from them, then all this is because of caste, why is the family broken, because if you want to take me under your wing, then first of all you will have to cut off your connections, if you want to make me a cult or make money for yourself.  Or if I have to do something, then I say here, I am a consultant, I am late, I have money in the membership of my channel, I am not a charity, I am not late, my purpose is also very noble and good.  I alone am enough in that and if I need support in that, I will take the money, but I will take it from the South, I will not show it for any great social purpose, only then that thing will happen, but what many people have done is to make it such a system.  If any human advice takes you away from your family, then your enemy should stand up and if any man tells you to stay away from your parents, you too should not ask to live together.  No, I want to stay close so that  To stay close to everyone, the country gets clouded, they go to Canada or to Bengaluru. I have seen devotees going to North India under the pressure of their parents. In Bengaluru, your daughter-in-law suddenly gets a job. In Bengaluru, you get a job and then go away quietly.  If so, he is not like that, he does not want to be with you, that is why I say that staying close does not take me away from the family. The one who takes you away from the family is the villain of your life and should be the one who takes you away from your wife, away from your children.  go or many  Why should you have children? Because if you don't do this then only you will get money and freedom. Money is useful for me. Do n't get married. Don't have children. If you have ₹ 2 lakh, then what should you do? Put it in a mutual fund, it will serve you in old age, children.  What does one do, what is the right thing to do, there is no greater experience than that, how many places, take a push, story, photo, got a life partner, this is not the only happiness, apart from that, there is a lot of peace, brother, who has not got that happiness like me, he is a bachelor.  was also like me  So, if you are married then I can bat from both the sides, only the one who has eaten Gulab Jamun and Rasgulla can tell, now the one who sits only on Gulab Jamun and Rasgulla is like this, brother, you are sitting after eating, okay here.  There were also here also Nobody can get married without being bachelors 2018 Why how many vowels were there in it and how many tastes were there after that The problem is that the person who gets married does not tell whose  You are doing a little well or are you having a lot of fun? Only the ones with problems have been found out. The good ones have not been found out. Now your divorce is going on in the court, only then the world is coming to know that the marriage is not going well.  The one who is doing well is going to court and giving affiliates. I am enjoying a lot. Please count me till date. Very satisfied user. They say this, they give testimonials, so testimonials are not given.  The family is being broken. You can break the impotence of the family. You can make your country a cloud. Neither the public is changing nor the public is yours. How many crores of Indians have gone. The country is going to be clouded. Religion is in danger. Even after doing this, he is going to tell you how he is involved in politics, vote bank politics and what you see. Hey family is in danger, brother, this religion has been going on for 15000 years. You will continue to move forward, you are the sky, your family, Waluj, family and life are in danger, nothing is happening to the country, that too for thousands of years, it will remain like this, nothing is happening there too, no one is coming to tell the family because there is no benefit. Everyone benefits only by breaking the family. Take politics, take politicians, no matter which element of the society you take. When the family stands apart from the caste, then the diseases of a person are reduced. If there is an illness, someone is going to take care of it, do something for yourself. Mother tries to take care of practical things for herself, should I build a house and live in the house, if all that is not there, then roam around, then enjoy, then spend, slave of a very good room, slave, twelve, your Ramzan is coming out, then 20,000 dogs, 40 dogs, 50 dogs and then there are more.  If you don't get it then you will keep wandering in the forests and mountains and then in old age you will need treatment and everything. I am telling this to the bachelors on the institution of family.  It is an attack, you have to save your family only, it is the single most reason, Sir, the country is like India, isn't India 140 crore people, not 140 crore, and 20 crore big families, 35 crore small families, if all the families take care of their own, then that of the country. GDP growth should be 11%, power is fighting among themselves, in the society, it means at home, people are not understanding what is happening and outside they are pampering to save. That I will fight him here, I will fight him here, that division is very widespread, my only hope is that you give clarity on this, if there is no clarity on the war itself, because the youth is more troubled, what I have seen is that when my parents did this, then there is no happiness, then sometimes.  People attack marriage, but instead of putting more effort and love into it, instead of giving more love and effort to the opposite gender, which is for the husband, for the wife, you are running away from it and putting in that much effort.  If  If you follow him then life will be blessed. Relationships are sweet in a family like yours, where even one person is going to talk wisely. In any family, five is 10. Whatever is big, one person is enough. One person is enough. One person is enough.  Even if this is enough, one thing happens in life and it becomes fun to sit with each other, eat pakodas, talk, go, we get safety because the family stands together, we have seen even in Covid, when people raised all their hands.  Are So family lives and protection in this world Harpita should take responsibility of her family and stop this disintegration where it is happening and should stand up and not let it happen, if she who is your woman continues to get angry then she should  In the institution where they are just telling you some stories, the woman has to stop them, you have to speak, brother, we will listen, we have tortured you a lot, you have done good work at home, we have  We did not give value, we did not give respect, forgive us, please leave us now, do not talk to those who are not speaking, everyone is speaking selfishly, some are acting in their own way, because influence is being done in this way, everyone is being influenced.  A startup has been made for everyone, this one should give conscious intelligence to the youngster, take this place, first remove the parents, do not go with the children to the parents first of all, put in security, what will your child become, what will he become?  What will happen, what will happen, nothing will happen, this will happen, this will happen, this will happen, you are not your money, this is not you, you have more periods, they put all this on this, this jail cannot be done to the next generation, let me fool the first period, do the opposite to them, children in the house. Then remove the wife because no mother can live without children. If her children move here and there, then she has nothing to do with her husband. The husband did not give her any such happiness for 40 years.  She is going to the wedding again with her story. Mother is so awake from here, children are so awake from here, father is thinking, I do n't know, I am not getting Chetan, I will get mine, he is roaming around with his money or something, okay?  And the family got divided in three-three- four-four places. Okay, next generation and if we are not getting a girl, if we are getting a girl, then we will not get married, we will not have a child, I am not having a child, my body is there, so without a child, life will also go ahead. Life is not what you see  Life is like these small fingers have come and do like this, that is life, real life, reality of life, we are busy taking photos on Instagram, nowadays artificial intelligence has come, put the photo behind the story, no one's father can tell, he was forgiven.  Or is it a lie, earlier then still you could know that it is a wrong pull, but nowadays you don't know, if you pull it with someone and do something, then it is necessary to do something like this yourself and put it on Mount Everest.  will give Artificial Intelligence can give such things to you and yours and nowadays if you have a duty then it would be fine to do it, but what is the real life? The real life is the life itself. Now you understand, if you understand the point, then it is on this very thing that there is an attack. Please write in the comment area and like the channel. Thank you.