Hello friends, this question is asked to me a lot and this question is a major reason for workplace stress that you do not get credit for the work you do, in fact someone steals the credit from you and your ideas are stolen.  Or you are not getting that much respect or you are not able to increase your stress that much and someone else is taking the fun. How many people are there in your life who have been like me and you have identified that this is happening to you for many years.  It has happened while working and this is what you are feeling so I will try to answer that if it is so then the reason for this is one thing that you are intelligent definitely you are intelligent and you think that you are intelligent only then  You feel as if someone has taken away something from you and you were due something and you should have got it and you did not get it. Otherwise, there is no reason if you are worthless, nothing happens to you, you don't have anything.  If you don't have real talent, not skill set, then you wo n't have this complaint, because there are only such people who are trying to move ahead with you. So brothers and sisters, listen, what to do if you are actually so talented?  If you are good then you have to start private work in your life silently on pilot base project basis and if you are so good then leave this job and start doing your own work and if you cannot do it then you were not good before. This place you  There was a misconception that you are good because what you are good is in an organization setup where there are many platforms mixed, a lot of cooked food is mixed, it is something like that you have become a great chef or someone has chopped the vegetables.  The menu has been placed, someone has made all the orders, someone has brought the food, the client is sitting to eat, the customer is sitting, he has brought something else, the branding has been done by someone, the marketing has been done by someone, you have come like a lot of snakes.  You are adding some spice and guiding a young one that yes, do it like this and then you will feel that this is a very great masala recipe that I have posted, because of this, I am a great chef and I should be respected a lot, this is going to be appreciated by many people. You have a misconception that you are just a spoke in the wheel. You are not the hub. Most like, first of all, remove your misconception that you are very good. If you were very good, you would get respect.  Had you been indispensable, you would have been getting it. You would have been getting it. You would have disappeared, you would have disappeared, you would have left the job, you would have been replaced by something bigger and even better at a lesser cost. Many people have misconceptions, that is why people do not say this.  They keep asking, the subconscious mind inside knows, look, people will come and think that friend, you were the one who was going to give us motivation and were the one who was going to heal our wounds, if anyone has written the ID then he is here.  Kured Ra is humiliating us, what is this channel, I will unsubscribe, no no no, don't unsubscribe, I am the only one giving clarity, I am a mirror, my face is not looking good in the mirror, so I will have to look at my face a little, right?  If there is dust on the face, then the dust on the face will have to be cleaned. The mirror is already clean. How long will it take you to clean the mirror? What will be the benefit of breaking the mirror? Some people are always asking me this. I should leave the job, I should leave the job, I want to do something for myself, then it means that there is a problem in the job and somewhere there is some confidence that yes, I am capable of doing something, these are two things, only then a person wants to leave the job, which  There is no problem in the job, who knows that brother, I have got this job with great difficulty, I am making a living, there is nothing in my control, he is happy in the job, the one who thinks that he doesn't know anything much. in me  There is not much talent and that too is going on in the job. The problem is with those people who want something in the job but are not getting it and there may be some misconception or there may be a right understanding but I am saying that if you really want it then  Right, if you actually have talent then you will leave. Ask the very fact. I ask you this question that if I leave the job, I always say this thing. Lovers are never afraid. Those who are afraid do not love, similarly those who leave their jobs never ask, those who ask do not leave their jobs because you think you are good, you are there but you still can't manage because I told you, you know how to add spice, right?  If you bring the spices here, you will get the precious spices. You can leave one job and do another job because the whole system is 360 degree system, bringing the product to the customer, telling the product, managing everything yourself and  Giving it and earning money and taking it in the bank, earning profit is not easy making platform is not easy a dozen also means that it is not possible and it is very difficult but then you have to have your this one should be wise not yes I  I want to do it but it's not like I know everything, so who knows how to interact with those people, take consultation, find out, meet those people, check. It is never easy to make a team, just like it is not easy for your boss to make you work, similarly it is not going to be easy for you and yet your boss has still got talent like you because he is in an institution space, he has money.  The ability to give is very high but if you don't even have that then you will get people like this, it is not possible to get work done from them and the children of Janji who are coming now is a dreamy idea in itself.  They will give you 100 reasons why they do n't want to do any work, what will be the benefit to them, why are they doing it boss, they are not getting any salary, no no, you do it quietly, don't put your mind to it, I will not make any effort to start up.  People 's hair has been torn out, it has flown, it does not turn white, they just leave, this is the condition they have become after doing the work of poor startup people, it means that they have something different, it is cool, I like it very much, Generation, that is a different thing, okay?  I will make a video on this also sometime, I like it very much, it's okay, but brother, this is not fit for the kind of work we do, so whenever you are feeling that you are not being respected, then don't be too sad.  No one is being respected, someone is taking the credit for knowledge, then if it was your knowledge credit, then your boss is not so stupid that he does not know, sit down and talk to him, friend, he is taking my credit.  My  There is a lot of pain in my heart, I do not intend to work, then it is possible that you may be told that the amount of credit you were thinking is not available in that situation and someone should explain to you and also your misunderstanding.  Go away because in many cases I also see that you remain in your mind that I did not get the credit even though it was not yours but you thought it was yours. Now what should be the treatment for this because tell this thing to your boss and that way you  Will get a feedback you  You will come to know that your boss does n't like you and you don't have much future, so kick the hell out of such a job, you have taken a few rounds here, you leave after taking a few rounds, these days people leave marriages early, wives leave early.  They give, husband leaves early, keeps asking while leaving the job, brother, the wife was not asking that much before leaving as much as she is asking for the job, then the reason you see is that there is a mismatch in yours.  Desires What you want to be and what you know It is the same dialogue that comes to mind again and again. Your body is writing checks that your body cannot cash. Your ego is writing checks that your body does not have the capacity to cash.  If you want to encash, then please, as many people are feeling like this, first of all take an audit of yourself. If you feel like this, then I am very good.  And it is good on a consistent basis and I am not getting much value, then what is the compulsion that you have to work there? Even if you are not able to do your work then at least leave that job. This is the biggest reason for leaving the job.  If you are not getting credit then it is due for a long time, it is possible that one or two such situations may arise in two-three months but you should cross verify it with the boss.