Hello friends, today I am going to give clarity to the youth on one such thing due to which the youth is very confused and troubled, especially the young couples or young even unmarried children who are adults, that is what to do if your parents are fighting constantly.  Parents are not your young parents. Your father has retired at the age of 60 and he keeps fighting. Your father said this.  Look at what you have seen, they keep inviting you to the Panchayat, whatever is happening with everyone today, because I am the number one consultant because I am the number one consultant, there are paid consultations on all these issues but some ideas are available for free.  I also have to tell that I cannot pay for everyone, so it is very important that I am telling the pain of my paid consultation to the society, so please share this video, everyone share. Do it, watch it, put it on groups, they will also understand that you cannot talk to parents, if not then the parents themselves are watching this video, then they themselves will get something but I am putting it on Clarity for Youth because whose pain is this?  The youth is getting it, the youngsters are getting it. Who are the parents? So let's start. You have to see if your father is the mother's endless fight and he grows up once the father  They retire and are in their early 60s, that is because they both have many unresolved issues among themselves, both of them lived a long life, in that life, father was busy in work, mother was busy in raising children at home, so life  A lot of things were going wrong from father's side as well, it was being a brush side, mother was also there and sometimes if you remember your childhood, her frustration used to come out on you that you did not study.  Kari, you are fighting because of you, what will you become? Because of you, we are in tension. Many parents brush off the fights in their relationship like this and show it to the next generation. And in many cases, what happens if one of the spouses  Or if the parents, father or mother, are more domineering type or narcissistic type, then the other person plays the victim a lot and you feel like a victim, but it is not necessary that he is there, it is that pain in front of you.  No one will ever know in life what is the actual issue of my wife, only the couple knows what the actual issues are, but I want to tell you what happens in many cases when the daughter-in-law comes.  So it turns out that this is also one thing that she has come, now she is not giving us happiness, in many cases the daughter-in-law also runs away, the husband also goes away, the son also goes away but phone calls come from far away, today are you ever feeling well?  If you call your mother to ask, you will feel sad for your father. If you call your father, you will feel sad for your mother. You are not getting the happiness of realizing that your parents are living well and they are your youngsters in your life.  You have so many troubles, if this is happening in your life and you have to hear this continuously again and again, then you have to say one thing clearly to your parents, you ca n't bear it, then get a divorce from both of you, now what will you say?  They  If you speak in the same way, then what nonsense do you do now, get divorced, take it, leave your panda, leave you, every time they fight and they tell you, tell your mother, momma, leave put, I give the lawyer's number, leave the father or the father.  Tell them not to leave you because when they drink tea comfortably, they bring vegetables, father and mother are still cooking, your wife does not cook, you in 20-30.  Your mother is a man, she is doing all the work of her husband, everything is happening to him, first class is going well but still you are crying, nothing is happening in your life and you have become his Panchayat.  If you think that I will resolve the issue, your own issues are arising, then the biggest thing is to see whether it is appropriate to expect that the child will resolve it as a child as a child. Next Generation as a Youngster as a Child is not your responsibility. Tell the parents that brother, take separate rooms. If you can't get separate rooms, then take separate floors or separate. Never offer one to the parent.  Those who make a lot of mistakes, two fighting parents, the mother feels like this, the mother feels like a victim, the heart beats a lot and someone calls mom, your life will become hell, you will not know further, do n't invite me to your house.  Take two, fight and say, both are equal, both come, both stay, eat and drink, I will not do this with one, and tell mom, this is my father, you don't like it, no problem, I like it very much, and tell this to father also.  This is your wife, you may not like it but I like it very much, this is something that you people have to do and basically this is the poison of parents' anger, the poison that is coming out, this is not to be turned on youngsters. And you don't want to drink, you have to refuse because it can never be resolved because it has been created. In the 35 years of your married life, your father met his mother and what torture should he do to your mother 33 years ago?  You can't do that, they happened and what expectations did your mother have, what didn't happen or what atrocities she committed, that's for them to resolve. You can't go there and do anything, many children take the side of one parent and become enemies of the other. What happens many times is that parents fight, one fights, the other fights, one says something, then both become one, in the same way no one should be involved in the fight between mother and wife, this is what I am giving open knowledge to the world. Yes, it is a different matter if there is a scuffle and bloodshed and police work is done, then we have to come and do it like the society, but other than this, there is no need to enter, say brother, move away, move away, someone should fight, move away.  If no one fights, then everything will not be like this by force. When sides are taken then the other's pain gets relieved. Say brother, resolve yourself friend. If it doesn't happen then we are not in our control. 50 mistakes in our life that the youngsters have to tell.  This and say, 'Mummy or whoever is Papa, whenever we call you and you take this and sit down, we give you a solution. Many times mummy says this somewhere.  I don't take him, I get trapped, I don't go, this is nothing, do n't say, take a driver, you don't need a driver, because then how will you be happy if the driver takes you somewhere, if your work is done, then why did you cry, the main job is to cry because old age has come.  You have to pay attention to your children, there is nothing to do in life except fighting. Earlier, in the name of children, the pot used to burst because of you, then if the daughter-in-law will be with you in the marriage or in the houses where she lives, then it bursts because of you.  If not because of this then we  So the elders live great, that sister has also gone, the son has also gone or the daughter is not coming or the son-in-law is not there, you are living alone, if you are living alone then brother, you will have to live with him, you will have to survive with food otherwise see.  If you meet someone new at this age and stage, then see, there is no use in crying, tell this to your parents and give a message to your parents that you give this money to your life because what do you show to your parents that we are more important than our parents?  Why don't they even spend time?  I do n't know how many years we have to live and then they show that we will give you the money and since we are not able to spend this money, due to this we are feeling miserable in our life, so you will have to listen to the pain of this misery on the call.  So tell him right there that brother, it is your money, hire a driver, hire a cook, hire a masseur, hire a nurse, go to the doctor and sell that plot also, get an FD made for it and own it and so on until it is finished, and absolutely.  not be zero  Till then do n't tell us because sometimes parents can ruin your life from 25 years to 45 years to 50 years because when they were 50 years old, you were 25 years old and they were 50 years old.  You are 25, suppose they have started the program, they are not going anywhere, they are definitely getting old, it seems that they will go away, they are worried, you say this and every time the parents cry, how many are we? These are just a few days, many parents turn 40 years old, many parents turn 53 to 93 and the child they have, the one they have at 30 or 25, the one at 65, so it is clear.  Our clear message right now is that I am not saying this to disrespect, this disrespect is nothing, avoiding bitterness, avoiding bitterness is not another, I am not teaching anything wrong, I said.  You are teaching bullying, not teaching to respect the parents, those who keep fighting among themselves, who will respect them after a stage, this is also a fact, people don't do that, the wife does not respect her husband for some reason, that husband too.  There will be no respect for that wife, this is the truth of life. No matter how much wealth you collect, do not give it to anyone after a limit. Only the husband will be useful to the wife and only the wife will be useful to the husband. These things are very beautifully done. In detail, Happiness course to me is starting in the end of November. Those of you who want to register, it is an iconic course. Happiness course is held once a year. There are five classes. There will be a weekly class of two hours. You can join this winter.  You will get a lot of perspective, you will become a consultant in it and first absorb all this knowledge, you will get life long access to video recording, the fee for video recordings is only ₹ 500, so please register for that. Do h2s and all these things will be resolved because the pain that you get after taking so much BP medicine and permanent pain comes, tease these topics and articulate them and explain them in language because this pain that fails to face.  To whom should the youth go that only their parents give them pain? Which song is that? It is Rajesh Khanna's song Jab vo jo boat kya bolete storm dole to us majhi paar paale jo.  Naav Majhi Duboi Ushe Kaun Bachaye Amar Prem's song Which is the song Naav Majhi Duboi Ushe Who Bachaye Parents only come meaning conflict with you Parents support to be protective Stay coolness Comfort to some big has to rise in the society Talk these things otherwise  You should know whom you will go to, and it is happening in the lives of many people, even though I may not have dreams, I am a common person in consultation, facing the issue.  The people are facing this issue as I get to know and this pattern is very much visible that where the youngsters are not fighting, the parents are doing it and the parents are seeing that this son and sister are also going to be diverse but  We will still cry our sorrow, we will cry so much that our existence becomes theirs, this is also happening, son and sister have their own battle going on in their troubles, just as in every family, in every married life, something or the other goes on with the parents.  Yours is going well, you take care of your own, everything is fine, parents are supposed to come and do the Panchayat not the children vice versa. If things go wrong then please share this video, like, subscribe to the channel and those of the society who like this.  There are different types of topics that I bring, no one is making it, okay, I hope you guys like it very much, please, it will come out very bitter and frustrating and make it a topic of discussion, friend, this thing which  If it is said then it is right, friend, every time, any of the parents talks bitter about the other parent, just cut the phone, say, my two are the same as you say, we are two siblings, so be it, both the hands are the same, the love is the same, both the eyes are the same.  Tell me, you have my two hands and two eyes, which one is right, speak directly, tell me, if you talk well, if you do it with love, then we will talk, otherwise we will not, I am telling them that they too will be free, you too will be and  Rest, what is the process behind this, what is the software, you will get to know in Happiness Course Two, you will have the best five iconic classes. Thank you very much.