Hello friends, it is a very important topic for youth when should you buy your first house, so if you are a youngster who is listening to me or you have already got married, those who have not got married then it is very important for them and those who are You should buy a home, a house, a flat or property, whatever its different names are, age is early, age is not possible, but brother, how to get married now, I am 27-28 years old, getting married.  If you want to know how to buy, then listen to how to buy. First of all, you have to buy a property, any kind of property, you have to buy anywhere, you have to buy from any builder, you have to buy, first of all put it in your mind, now I will tell you how to buy, boy.  Father, girl's father, boy and girl, these four people together cannot even buy. Will the girl take a loan? Will the boy take a loan? Will the boy invest his savings? Will the girl's father not spend much money on the wedding? The boy's father will not spend that money.  add to  You can buy a house comfortably. My audience is middle class. It is 100% possible. People spend 60, 70, 80 lakhs on weddings. They spend it on jewellery. She wears a lehenga worth 2.5 lakhs. Tell that bride and daughter to buy a house.  Take it because when the house becomes yours and gets separated, you get something, even if it is from Bhawan BH, issues do not arise in the fight, people spend 70 lakhs in marriage.  In 70 days, people like us are sitting in front of the marital consultant, the marriage is breaking, many people tell me many times, oh brother, you are selling the house, so I do the consultation too, if it goes well then you earn money, not good.  If the house is running, then we earn. If you buy the house, we earn. If you don't buy, then you earn. Do whatever you want, so I am Mukesh Ambani ji. Anyway, Adani ji is not going to happen. If you are not there, then neither am I Mukesh.  If you don't know about Ambani, then what is the jealousy of this thing? Try to understand what I am telling again, because of so much financial influence and they have created so much chaos, no, this is not right, take mutual funds, do this, do that.  Be it a girl's parents or a boy's, who bought us? Hey, your times were different, now the times are different, but what will happen to a one BH or small two BH couple? Hey, if those parents  We are living together with mother-in-law and father-in-law, it is difficult to tell who gets two rooms, we get one room, we get one toilet, the kitchen is common, only the drawing is in the dining room, the father-in-law keeps drinking tea with a newspaper with his feet raised, no one gives you any sense.  Your friends can't come, nothing can be done, only their relatives will come, the daughter-in-law will have to say Namaste every time, she will have to come and go, she ca n't wear clothes as per her own, can't get up, ca n't sleep, the elderly suffer a lot, one can see a young  Couple getting late Getting up late Specially Saturday Sunday Fire catches fire Maid comes and is not cleaning She is being shameless Honeymoon period has passed One year has passed since marriage with them Why else do you have to live with these people But why do you have to live with these people because you  These ones should not work. You have not bought a house because you are a mutual fund. Mutual fund cannot give you happiness in life. House can give you happiness and your rent in the house is saved. That rent is  Investing in mutual funds or sponsoring your EMIs with it, the rent was falling into the pit, you get income tax rebate, interest rates are low, you also have to pay the EMI, otherwise if you rent like this, the rental in India is only Rs 3.  It is also on 6 and 7 in India and I will make many videos Sango Real Estate is my channel, go watch the rental videos there on 6 to 7 and more will come in future too Sango  Real Estate: If you have not subscribed to that channel, then please subscribe to it. You guys will get it. My request is, but the fact is that you should buy it as soon as possible, there are many people who are in government jobs.  There are many people who do not know where to live, the same advice for you all is that if you do n't know then buy wherever you want, what if you don't live there, the rent that will come from there will be the rent from where you live.  If you give that subsidy then you will have the option. Suppose you live in Gurgaon or anywhere in Delhi and you do not want to shift to your parents' house on rent and you do not have the capacity to buy property there because  Brother, it is worth 2-3-6-7 crores, so buy it wherever it is worth 40, 50, 60, 70, 80 lakhs, but what is the problem, parents are not giving money, parents say no.  We will definitely get married, we will spend the money, there are too many problems in the air during a four-hour wedding and this should not be done at all and the boys should not make the girls spend even a single penny, I am giving this hint more. Here, I am India's number one marital consultant. I give practical tips. I don't allow the girl's family to spend the money. The girl's family will spend Rs 80 lakh unnecessarily, which you did not want to do, it is not that it is in your pocket.  I entered because he had blown up the hydraulic lift. Instead of marigold flowers, there were lily flowers. Instead of 10 dishes, there were 50 dishes. Instead of 100 people, 500 people had been invited. Now that marriage will not work. The girl's father will file a case against you.  Will take the money because he had invested 80 lakhs, now you will say no, no, I did not meet him, this was a marriage, where did I come from, you tell me no, I did do it, and the marriage lasts only if people are born in separate houses.  Go and those parents of the boy who are listening to me, you are still young, no one at the age of 70 or 75 gets their child married. Normally, this generation produces children on time but the problem is that they do not let it last. Like in those cycles, take more house, let them take it, you will benefit only if that daughter-in-law does not stay with you, my very super hit video is Sango Life Soot Pe Five Reasons why son should not stay with parents in  Loss is a super hit, earlier I was accused that you are destroying houses, creating chaos, doing divisions like people do, now times are changing, now people are understanding more when those three  When the video was made a year or four years ago, the sensibilities were different. Now people are praising that video a lot. That video has become a hit. It is slowly and steadily getting many views every month. It is giving a lot of clarity to many people if that video.  If you want a link to  I will try to put it in the comment section, you can see that it is there, you can also go and see it, I have given many reasons in it, so when should you buy a house, you should buy a house as soon as possible, after doing some quick calculations, I will tell you.  If there is a house worth Rs 90 lakh or Rs 80 lakh, then you have to put your money in it, the rest you have taken a loan, you have taken a loan from Lettuce, brothers and sisters, you have got interest on Rs 70 lakh of Rs 70 lakh.  It will go out at Rs 85, which will come to around ₹ lakh. Okay, you can take income tax rebate of Rs 2 lakh for your wife, which will save you Rs 11 to 12000 per month in income tax, then you can take rent from her. In real estate I'm here workshops and webinars 35 35000 of properties are coming and once you have taken then after that if if in this then this is when the parents Mother-in-law did not give ₹ 1. Father-in-law did not give ₹. Boy and girl bought it on their own. If parents give ₹ 10 lakh to the boy and ₹ lakh to the girl, they will have to take a loan of only ₹ 50 lakh. In cash flow positive case, something will be left out of pocket. Nothing will go out of the pocket, nothing will come out of the pocket, the property will automatically become only 1010 lakhs. Nowadays, they make a set of 8-10 tolas, the girl wears it with the lehenga, all that they carry around is this, instead of giving that to the house.  Give it and I am telling you people again and again I have to say India 's number one to show that it has weightage. In my words, whenever husband and wife buy a separate house at the beginning of marriage, take a loan and pay EMI.  There are income tax benefits, they don't get divorced, I have done my own internal survey, that insecurity goes away, the flat is in the girl's name too, it is in the boy's name too, both of them have taken a loan.  Both of them have parents who had also helped. This is a very good thing. Spread this video for the society. Spread this idea. Those who have got married and now those parents had invested a lot of money, so now brother.  Also, if it is to be given to them and by your giving 10 lakhs to the girl's father or the boy's father, I am not talking about any dowry here, it is in the name of your daughter, it is in the name of your son only.  is also giving  Girl, you can give Rs 5 lakh as per your capacity, if it is your grand child's first birthday, then their car will start pushing if someone gives Rs lakh, because today even a car is not available for Rs 10 lakh, it is very good.  It is great that if they pay so much, they can buy a house by taking a little loan, withdrawing a little from their savings and sometimes what happens is that the payment plan is also easy to get, sometimes what happens is that the money is to be withdrawn in 4 years, the money is to be withdrawn in 3 years.  there are three more  The money has to be withdrawn in 4 years. If you get the initial money and then some good system is in place, then you can easily buy a house. If anyone will not buy a house now, in four years, he will feel price doubt in big cities.  If you are not going to get it, then the same question comes again, its answer is very simple, when should you buy a house as early as possible, do not go by these influencers, these people have sold you mutual funds, painted houses, villas and plots and  Air BnB has taken everything, all the financial influencers are there, they are from Raipur, they are from Goa, they are from Faridabad, all the people, whatever they are, they have suppressed and bought everything and to you, mutual fund is correct, by saying mutual fund.  It is also right, who is forbidding, but first buy a house, save the rent from it, put the rent in mutual fund, put it later, buy the house first, the government is giving ration of 5 kg.  If you become your own house, if some emergency comes into your life, life will be fine, the biggest problem is to pay the rent. I hope you all enjoyed it, please share it, like it, thank you very much.