Hello friends, which has reached the only real think in this world, I know, enjoy, enjoy, you guys, I am a consultant, I am a popular consultant, that is the one thing from which we are real, but we run away from it a lot and today  N consultant when people approach me dewar in date and det think de only real think vich is dewar battery the only motion which is real is that there is pen in your teeth too  Na, you are Kant University, if you support me in life, some thought is coming, fear is coming and is not real, you are falling in love, you are feeling grid, you are lusting, that is not real, that take something will come and go away.  Also, that pain of emotional also makes you emotionally upset, you are very much and that pain is there, there is a feeling in the heart, pain is real, don't run away from it, pain is only what is going to change you and change it.  The one who worships with this pen is a very ordinary life. There was a discussion about two stones. Two stones were found after many years. They came out of a mine thousands of years ago. The story was told. Meaning of one stone was found in the CD of the temple which should be drunk.  And the sculpture done through pen does n't give much but you understand that unless you have this pen then you can propose, then we don't know what to do right now, I have seen that children make tattoos, it is okay on that.  also different  A psychology will come from this, there is a pen too, we have made a hole in it, we have done it here, we have done it there, we have done anything, but brother, if this pen was not there then I do n't know what all the people go around doing, because it is a pen, that is why we are afraid of this pen. People will stop at something, when the police roam around with lathi and someone is doing wrong, then the pen which is there with the lathi, but he is under control according to the paint, you understand that the pen is very important to remove this.  give us for  More emotions are needed and in retirement and in the world, two things are very lacking, that is love and truth, where truth will come, where there is love, there will be compassion, there pain will go away. We all are in a lot of pain, we are in different types of pain, we cannot understand.  The truth is not being spoken to us, the truth is not being heard, no one loves us because there is a huge shortage of two things, love and truth, the shortage of love and truth in this world is causing pain.  been on pen  Pain is real, you cannot do it in the world. Component of love and truth. You know that these become very intense videos. Sometimes energy starts coming and you cannot continue more than that. You know, there is a lot to tell and understand and that is June 1.  You go to it like you have to come to the creator workshop, you have to understand it deeply, you can take membership of the channel [Music] That part of yours does not reduce, your hand cannot lift up, your hand has to be operated, there has to be a story of the stomach, there has to be a story.  Give  Given journalist or body is not available, they want you to be in date state in life, you say pain, when that operation happens, it is necessary, it is procedure, but you want you award, little beat pain or pain in life, in your family, in your friend circle. In your situation, if you are working in a place where there is no respect, no truth is spoken, no love, or you are with such people from morning to evening who are liars, you are also a liar, this note means by lying.  If he has taken something from you, first of all it is a lie, second lie is a general lie, meaning his belief system itself is a lie, everything is a lie, his saree and you know it, but you say there is some compulsion on my part to make it, that is why people are in painful situations. As we grow, life is very good, very beautiful, beautiful, relaxed, I am the one who has become the caste of love, it takes a big time for the truth too, I have come to know that there was no encouragement, his truth was mine, it was the truth of both of them, love truth on the third day.  One should remember this and this is a pen and this is the treatment. You find out the treatment for the pain because when something was happening to him, you were jumping and taking his pen. Everyone is traveling with their pen but you are the one in the society to see it.  Are you giving power to love and truth or are you giving power to lies? Then pain gets flooded in life. Pain gets flooded in the world. Or did you enjoy it or did something ignite a little bit of this thought process? The rest is awake, Rahu is fine.  The rest is something different, you will not understand it, Maya.  It is also okay, you will not find it lying with your hand, you are okay with pain, don't underestimate the fear of pain, purchase good cups, your life becomes painful, it becomes painful just like that, if something hurts, then it does not go to the hand or there, if not.  If the hand itself gets burnt, if this hand holds a gram of something, then it happens like this, now the feeling of pain is not there and it is real, so the hand did not even know about it, the brain did not know about it, it happens to many people. who don't even realize that  What will happen if many people, like children, do not realize that doing something will hurt or cause pain, like he only gets hurt, falls, gets steadied, grows up, gets dependent [laughter] on his own pain, on the pain of others.  It is definitely not necessary for everyone to go into everyone's pain. It is okay to go into the pain of relationships to understand relationships. To understand something, it is okay to go into physical pain and to understand something, all this has come, I will be never you, it was fun to write in the comment area. thank you very match