Hello friends, today's topic is which career do you choose? I get many questions. Father, tell me which career thing should we do. If we choose career, then career is okay. If we discuss about choosing, then it is very important for the war. Those who are looking for it. You ask this question for your children, which line to go, then we will analyze it and will give you the best market advice as per 2023. Assam is a big career counseling also, I am nine, I am doing baby naz.  Also on detail these things if you want to attend detail to d number given below so wherever it is there you can get d notification so let's start before that let's talk about some statistics Higher education graduation in India is about 1 crore in a year  People are estimating the figure to be approximately one crore, out of this you can remove 15 lakhs, which are engineers, doctors or lawyer types, who are reducing 15 lakhs, why did I remove them?  Said because normally a lawyer or a doctor will not ask which career should I take, he has defined the rest of the 85 lakhs which you are doing, you are doing B.Sc, you are doing B.Sc and such courses.  In this way, out of these 85 lakhs, the salary of ₹ 5 lakh per year i.e. 42000 per month is being paid to only 12000 people, which means one percent of 85 lakhs.  It is 85000 and it is 21000 Chapter 5% If you are looking for a job of ₹ 40000 then what time telling people through this video and in future also there will be full detail video, we will discuss that brother, it is not by choice, you have a formal program, so you are asking like this. Brother, which one should I do? There are so many people standing in the queue, you remove IIT IIM, remove some more 10 15 20 colleges.  These are from the top, remove them, no one is asking anyway, no one says there is no choice, it is okay, you have a famine, if you can take orders, you can do something, then go ahead and these too are not giving anything above Rs 250,000, there are very few government jobs anyway. Why should you not do jobs? I have made some videos, I will make them in the future as well and anyway, do you know how many people are getting selected, so in the age of 21 to 30 years, either get into a government job and then find some career path or  Start doing something from the age of 22. The most important advice I would give to the youth is to stop sitting at home, go out, what to do, figure out, money is a wish, the big economy is going on, when you go out, you will automatically open your eyes, what else to do.  It should be done because it is a question of the middle class only, those who are rich, those who are rich, they know what to do, they have to do it from the age of 14 years, 13 years, 12 years, father.  This is ji's business, this is the setup, we have to go here, take his skill set and go according to him, Rich is very clear, this is also very clear, brother, whatever happens, will we run an auto rickshaw, will we drive the auto or will we drive this one, will we drive the house.  He will reduce his salary, he will become a delivery boy, he has 1.5 crore choice of jobs, he has 1.5 crore jobs and he also takes different wages three times a day, which means he has no helper, meaning that one person said in the morning, if he could drive it. No one is going to do this even in the evening, it's its children, it's its children, if you want to give an example, the jobs which used to cost Rs 2.5 lakh in 2012, will be available in 10 years in 2022, with difficulty - 3:30  Lakh means it has increased and look at the salary of their CEO, that 100 crore, 180 crore, 70 crore annual salary is on his budget.  So there is no point in going down there and becoming a lower servant, one day I will also become one, where will you become a brother, how will you become a normal college degree, no one will even say hello to you, be very clear, stop asking these questions.  Many people say that fashion is not the only place where I will enjoy. Today I will tell people the truth that money comes from nothing and good money comes no matter how much honorarium it is, it may be useless or you may not like it. I don't feel good even telling this, but when big money comes, money automatically goes away, it is also the opposite, take this, no one will teach you this thing, people will say that it is a fashion, reduce it there, reduce it there, if you don't get Rs.  Till then there will be fashion, eat money, don't run after money, what movie have you made on your Excel 3, brother, it was a copy of IIT, it is Chetan Bhagat's book, you all know the one on which the picture is made and that was a fictitious college, wasn't it of IIT?  It's a replica, she'll come back with a bang and you brother, all those kids are friends, she's intelligent, she's doing junk like the picture, she liked it very much on time in 2009, no one is capable in you, no one is in college, you are her Work on yourself at this level, success will come in a jiffy, nothing will come, success is not coming anywhere and there is no need for success because everyone's definition of success is the same.  It is different, the money should come 10000, 2030, then later, 40, 50, 60, then 60, 70, 80, 110, 120, 140,000. This is the path to follow, this fashion, this excellence, whether it is less or now, it will come in a jiffy, motivate me, that is on YouTube.  I do consultation webinars many times, I keep watching so many motivational videos, I feel so happy, so confident in myself. What do you believe in, what do you believe in? It is not possible for you to wake me up in the morning. I have full faith in myself that I will not be able to wake you up in the morning. I will keep looking at me at night. I will keep wasting my life making some preparations.  Believe that one day you will be successful. All the coaching academies are working on this. If someone's faith is broken that after 2 years I will stop trying and start doing less, then these are the steps of the coaching academy again and again.  Today I am giving a very good fight to the war  I am giving advice to the government service people, listen, take the complete syllabus for two years, attend it twice at night and after that I start my work, now you have to do revision, even if you keep giving papers for 30 years, do not prepare sitting at home. Who is this?  You are getting prepared for this also, you are getting prepared for this also, preparation for 22nd year, preparation for 23rd year, preparation for 24th year, preparation for 25th year, you mean, from first to 12th, you mean in 12 years.  You are scared and left after integration, here again in 12 years you have to study so much, there is so much syllabus, brother, study hard for one and a half year more, start studying from the second year of your graduation and after completing graduation, do one more year or two or three.  Study for a year, from the age of 20 to 22, study the whole syllabus for two and a half years, take the night, make notes and give the exam. If you pass then it is very good, if you have got it then it is good if you have not got it. What's the point in playing exams, keep giving and those who earn their money should go away, come for two-three hours and revise the base that you have made and most of the people who are doing this are looking for more jobs. Instead of sitting at home and lowering your self steam and saying on a stage because if you are a boy then the patient meter of your parents starts running high and the hero starts wondering what is he doing, what is he doing, they will give you the money that you will go home.  me too  Girls can't live like that even today, they don't think that they are 22 years old, if something happens to them then they will get married, they also keep wasting their time for some 5-6 years, reduce the actual from here and  Earn actual money because the money you earn will automatically make you understand what to do and in the future, people are not only in the job market, they are not coming out of the house, people are lying inside the house worth crores of rupees. At home, my mother prepares parathas and gives them to me and then sits down because sometimes people enjoy reading so much because it means you don't have to go anywhere, don't do anything, just open the book, you are getting tea, you are getting this, then you become a friend.  Then we pass the time by smoking beedis and drinking liquor and we are consuming it in the environment, there is no growth anywhere, then what career should we do? Hey, why are you asking about career, the same thing is happening again and again, what choice are you giving to yours? John C should be installed in India  Get it as soon as you get it, get it once, after that take a breath, who said that if you hold one job at 24, if you hold less then you can't leave it at 25, do n't leave it at 26, don't leave it at 27 months.  If you can find it in the right market, I hope you people who are employed and are not very satisfied do not enjoy this message. 26 27 28 30 24 35  Here brother, keep your left and right eyes open and keep doing something else, their religion is that they will give you 30-40 thousand and take your soul as mortgage, they will try to fulfill their religion and you can still do something.  Be it someone in someone's house who is not coming late at 8:00 and under related, you can reduce a lot, you can do a lot, reduce at least 14 hours a day in your 20s, reduce anything, do 14 hours, you will get a lot of money.  The rest of the details will start coming, I understand that, I will definitely tell you that it will be a very long video in one, if you hold it and start telling it because it has non- sir and questions also, here through this video you will not ask questions. Can't and I can't answer the majority, ok please type and whenever it happens you will get notification and you can attend so date you get clarity on that, you get clarity as to what I have to do or what is good for me.  Seems like Haj Gan Nothing you do with what is the right thing these days and the situation is so dynamic, things are changing very quickly, you can no longer be like your father that you joined, then you are here, then you will get promotion, then this is my structure.  Then whether my salary is coming or is coming, it is not so and in such a situation, call the people who have been hanged and ask them how happy they are, they must be a little older than you or maybe you too should like him in the situation.  If you are in India, there are a lot of opportunities. Fight with 3 trillion dollars. Indian dollar's journey is going on. Economy is going on. India is the best performing in the world. Check how much recession is there. Mount Everest of GDP is going to be around 2%. India will always be historically high at 3%.  So, no matter how much the economy goes down, we will remain above 5:30%. It is okay that in the worst of the cases we can even go up to 6-7%.  Can and there is a lot in it, provided, you are not sitting at home, provided, if you are playing a match, the bat is in your hand, then runs will be scored, but you are just preparing, if you are preparing, then brother, no, the matter is going on, stop preparing.  Two, jump, jump and that is too much, this marriage market and this of the parents and the society that I am sitting at this level, my son, will you lower this level, first of all, father, you did not sit at this level on the first day.  I am telling my children  Do you guide or miss guide? You did not come here for the first time. Secondly, you had given competition. 25 30 35 Earlier, the competition was less, then if you had a book, then you had some money from your father. You went to school.  You had an inherent advantage because the children of the poor and the poor did not come into the competition. Whatever has happened to education and competition is due to this mobile, data has become so cheap.  These days, even a child of a poor person is out of lakhs, even if I calculate the ratio even in 5 lakhs, he will still eat all the vacancies because he is so poor, even in 500,000, even if that one child comes out, it is so low because it is a show.  If you have more access, then your father, who is yours, if you say that the seat of three has been fixed, then what have you become tomorrow, your child is not going to get it because the jobs are the same, if you see, the government jobs are the same, it is not big, you check.  Tax  Now this makes 180, just check how many vacancies would have been created 10-15 years ago. Most of all, the vacancies of all the governments are definitely decreasing. If you look carefully, there is no shortage left, then if the population is 70, 80 crores, it will be 140 crores in the past. Population will double in 25-30 years and the story of the poor then in India has reduced as power vilopowerty line overload last 20-30 years.  What is reduced is the inherent advantage that the middle class children had. The advantage that the middle class children had 25-30 years ago was that they went to school, went to some non-government schools, spoke some English and got books.  Had I got the money for tuition, I had a lot of advantage over other children, so there was more selection in this field, now this bridge has increased, it has become such a big bridge, now out of so many pools, there is selection from here also.  If this happens then the people here will have to do something else, I am telling you this and if you have to do it then keep asking again and again which career should I do, this question itself is wrong, you should not choose a career, you should earn money if your bank account is full.  Take the extreme example of ₹5 crore, then you will ask which career should I do? Whoever is a rich person, he has more money and desires for money, he knows only this, what should I do with 10 punches, what career should I do?  not able to do  Then comes 10, 10 becomes 20, how to do it, how quickly to do it, how can you do it, then focus towards it, focus towards it, add end, end to all the children of 17-18-19-20 years of age.  Add them also because in this I will also include communication skills, personality and everything else because it is very important to reach today, to come and know, how are the jobs available today, I will tell that.  The one who doesn't come to your house is not the one who comes like this. There are college placements in the college. Apart from that, there is a lot more in the college placement. Then the standard of the college is also required and if you are not in a standard college then where is the placement.  No one is coming to you, this is the most important thing, thank you very much.