Hello friends, this is a very important topic for the youth, it will give you a lot of clarity, you should understand very well, I should apply for government job, recently a picture was released 12th failed and it's done very well so it struck with a lot of people so today I Very clear, I want to give it to my audience, what will happen to me from this, one benefit will be that my audience will be defined, my audience  People will also know whose mentor I am and which audience I am targeting. They may judge a mismatch and many people will get clarity. So watch carefully and watch the video with pleasure. If you are feeling pain due to some reason. So write in the comment section if you enjoyed it then write AG if you enjoyed it then write MG if you enjoyed it, I said something and you liked it very much temporary and Anand means you feel it.  Sustainable, that happiness has given, let's start by listening carefully, whether you get reservation or not, what is the reservation, now they will say that there is a separate topic on that, you tell me brother, if you are getting reservation then definitely try us, I am not a moral science teacher for anyone.  No, you do not need to become one, it is not ours, you stop this discussion, do not discuss this, this discussion has been happening for many years, it will continue for many years, you have the support of reservation key, by all means, try to avail its benefits, if you are getting reservation.  Is  Those who reached the creamy layer etc. and crossed the OBC figure of 8 lakhs, I would like to tell that if the money in your family is good then do not join a government job, it is a very good thing for the poor in small towns.  Small village life, I don't understand anything. Going to a big city means you will become a Swiggy Zomato person. It's okay if you go and want something like yours or not. Why should I become a Swiggy Zomato person, although Sugi Zomato is  I am not showing below at all that there should be a lot of dignity of labour, but many people do not think that brother, it is right to speak clearly and speak clearly, it is right for an Indian to talk bluntly, the day is not going well here, even by talking bluntly, you should do it straight.  If you want to talk, then if you feel like this then why are you telling me because by the way you will earn 40 Haj by doing all those works and if you work more then you can earn 809 Haj also but you think that not me.  There is something to be done here and if you have reservation then try by all means but have a cut off. Have a cut off. Two to three to four to five times. After that don't do that because the rest of your things that can be done will not be done. Family  If your money is not much then definitely try because you can neither do any business nor you have exposure but those who live in big cities, middle class children and some upper middle class children can leave all this, but you could not do it Munna.  no hey you us  He is demotivating, at least someone will leave, he will leave, but you will not enjoy even going there, you will not get the sense of achievement. Today, even if you become an officer in the government, that is, a group officer, there is nothing above that, then the basic pay is Rs 56000.  DA is 50, it will be fine now, so add 28000 more, you mostly meet rotten people throughout the house, it hurts to say this, but  The truth is the truth, no, no, ours are good in Delhi and mine are good there, 5 are good but 95 are good, but that is what I am telling, it is very good, Government amendment in India in Delhi is also good, now that is a different thing, if you like it, then its  There is no cure because now you have not taken advantage of Jaguar's taps or Grohe's or Kohler's or the milky water that comes from them because they are your equivalents who are working in corporate. They are taking that life. Who saw the peacock dancing in the forest? I want to tell the government officials. Many people feel that the peacock is dancing in the forest. They like it. No one is watching. No one is coming. I know very sad government people.  Because what is the reason, why am I telling this video, why am I telling it for clarity, why am I making it for all the youth, that friend, you will come now in 2000 24, when you have to watch up to 60 programs in the market, then some  That is not changing. Living in 40-50 year old houses, the page doors and windows in government houses are such that I am in pain, people have to get up and sit a lot in consultation, they make fun of friends and relatives and say, this is how it is in government houses.  If the window is closed then it will not open and the one which is open does not close, this is the situation, how many identifications are you like Maheshwari ji or am I this scam, why should I kick you in the stomach like this?  So in fact I tell people, the losers are earning more money. Who are the losers here? Those who did not pass their exams themselves, but brother, what exams did they give, what did they play, how many exams did they give, did they prepare for the competition and now they teach preparation to the people.  Of all the things they teach, 90 did not happen, out of which 90 did not become 95, 98 did not happen, and those who left something behind came back.  Keep it Divya Kriti ji, even if you did not have that rank, what does that mean at that time, you had taken the exam, if you were not an IAS then what happened, people think you were an IAS and you clear it two or four times, how many times and many people, I too. It seems that it is okay to do something with the pastime, I am an astrologer, okay, I am a marital counselor, I am okay, so there is nothing for the people who have houses in big cities, if India's top 30 cities 30 cities  It becomes enough in which metropolitan and all these things have come together in the top 3035 cities. If you have a house in 3035 cities then you do not have to go for a government job. It is not worth getting pushed from here to there. Your wife will be able to get a job because if  You are a man, you will keep going from here to here and if you accidentally marry a government employee girl and you are also a government employee, then you will keep writing letters about the location for the whole life, which I see referred to my acquaintances.  Letter Government of India September 2008 which is the policy of colocation that I am in Central Government, Wife in State Government or Husband, Wife both in Central or Central State or Wife in PSU or Husband country, you will be done, Government has to do it for you like this.  Husband-wife 150 km apart, colocation has been done from their side, so why not go and meet on weekends?  The problem is that you will get into trouble day after day, you are a poor people, I am saying that in a government job, it is very good in the beginning, it is such a job that the first five-seven years are very good, what is the basic thing about people?  There are four or five things in it to know, some say openly and shamelessly that there is corruption, it is not as much as it seems, it is not as much as it seems, it was there earlier, it is not there, now it is not there, in the coming time it will be reduced further and it is too much to go for corruption.  It breaks a lot and not everyone gets the opportunity and it is not so easy and it also has many shortcomings. Okay, there are many big officials who are doing very hard work. Well, one thing is this, and this is a very mean world of pain.  I mean, I get disturbed by such things, although it does not happen, but I mean, man, do you know how much man can go for this? Man, I don't think that the youth of my country are not that bad that they will prepare so much for corruption.  It means that people become corrupt by mistake, out of compulsion, I saw or I don't know for what reason, but I think how many of those who are burning night oil will do corruption, I really don't know, what is your take, tell me first of all.  So I killed him, okay, this is a useless thing, we should not talk like this, it is okay in our country, there is a lot of money to earn here, more opportunities will come, second thing, what do you call a job, it is very secure here.  Yes, the job is secured but perhaps it puts you in a comfort zone and it is stable. Only the job is stable. Well, there is no stability. You can't get up from here or there. No, we know that our Delhiites in the Central Secretariat are those again.  Friend, it is not about government jobs at 5, whenever a video is made, a video is made for 90, for 80 or 90, for 10 or 20, there is someone or the other.  There will be misconceptions as to who is forbidding you to go to the railways. If everyone starts thinking like this then hey, everyone does n't think like this. Neither did I say, nor did I say, who will go from a poor family, they are getting reservation, there is something else in the society.  I do n't understand what to do, your class is such that no one listens to you and there is no other way to establish yourself in the society, so you have to go to the off course, but you are sitting at a good place because what is there next, is n't it?  Will Not Words  Use of the word of nuisance sounds a bit bad but over a period of time, if you look at the government, now again the word nuisance is coming out or as much as I say it, call it power, it was okay that of the government people, it is decreasing the most.  First of all, the big thing is that you have taken this lamp, it is okay which used to intimidate the common man, the Prime Minister said, I will not put it on, I will not put it on, so how can you also put it on, so many things, it means a lot of things, you see, right?  203 years old culture is still ingrained in the minds of parents. Firstly, Indians are saying that why is the love of Indians so much subconsciously? I would like to tell you, tell me, do you think it is right, no friend, during the British time, the one who used to beat Indians with batons was the government official.  It used to happen everywhere that the British did not beat, that is, the British were not so numerous that they would beat the Indians with the same sticks, so one of our Indian brothers is fine in any form.  When I used to beat people with batons and was a government official, my mind saw from within that if you don't want to be beaten with batons, then become your government man and go into the system. Such a system was created that this is a fort, this is a fort, a CD was installed at the place of the fort.  Many times no one likes those who have entered here, but everyone has to go individually. Individually, people will say wrong things, but everyone wants to send their own people. They will say, hey, he is from the government, he is like this, I am like this.  I want to tell you that government employees are not even getting respect, they have to do a lot of work, many people think that there is no work, I am talking about today's day when the video is being made in the early winter of 2024. Friend, a lot of work has been done in this time, how can one lose one's life just by looking at the elections? Sir, a government man, as per your wish, you are a teacher, you are a Patwari or a Tehsildar, as per your wish, you mean Tantra Hill, which is the Big Elephant of India.  When that works, then people go and get the work done, people say to the poor government people during Covid, why are the private people sitting at home with their laptops open, the government people should know that whatever happened to them at the cremation grounds, it was the government who did it, not the government people.  I can say, I have a headache, am I okay or am I having a stomach ache, there is a law where the government says, if I don't want to go, I have to go, they tell me to leave the job, even after doing this work, they will not let me leave. Don't take a government job so easy. What am I doing here? I am not demotivating here, I am motivating, I am giving clarity. I am the one who, when a man enters into a marriage, enters into a relationship, he should be a little bit mature and  Don't understand why you are signing up for what marriage is, what it is, what it means, wife and children, and what should you know about a job because what is a government job? It's like riding a tiger.  It feels good but I feel scared while getting down, I feel scared while leaving, it will be eaten by the tiger, it is not easy, there is pain, please go and meet people in government jobs, whose age is above 3540 or service is there, you will get the right picture only just.  I am speaking to the youth, a particular section, you understand, that is my core audience, middle class and upper middle class also rich. If you are preparing for a government job then  You are not my audience, today I am telling you clearly because I will not be able to help you, I will be your friend, my wishes will be best for you, God bless you and be happy in getting a government job, but only the one who is coming from the bottom will be happy in a government job.  He would also like the page from home because there was a kutcha roof at his house and the bathroom at his house was 1 km away or was not there at all or was sharing with 10 family members.  For the family members, everything is good for them, but if anyone is living decently then some people do not talk about this and they become like, am I being class conscious or am I making people look like this? I am making many people look like this.  There is also pain that when we become, we will be raw because when there was power, there was a particular class that used to rule or used to rule then there were big uncles, now when we come then yes, this is also a fact, this is also a pain.  I am working harder on the subject now, 20 years ago the competition was less, 40 years ago it was even less because the one who used to study earlier, what was it 40 years ago, the one whose father gets him the book, gets him a book in the school, gets him some coaching.  The child used to pass out because the number of people reaching this state in India was very less. Nowadays, mobile phones have come. Now the people with research centers equipped with mines are doing the same in UPSC, some are doing it for so much, some are doing it for so much.  some child is doing it  If you are reading then everyone will remove you, democratization of education has happened which is a good thing, I am not saying that it is bad but because of this, I am making this video that brother, many sections of your parents have enjoyed that.  I have done it, children of those who are government officials should not join. Brother, you have enjoyed. Who would want that like you? Would anyone like this? My father, grandfather also used to take ration rice from the government, we also take it. What progress have you made, then if you are a government employee and your child also became a government employee, then have you shot an arrow in the pumpkin, leave it for someone else, where no one from the family has come, someone else will do it and in the region  I am saying to leave because the first thing is that it will not come out of your child, this is also a fact, by the way, no one leaves, if it happens and I said that you get reservation, you get it by taking its help, then take it, who has forbidden it, take it.  had been  You are doing it, but those from reservation people are arriving with what they are bringing. Those from middle class families are also not happy because there is no growth visible from within, increments have to be given at the same 3, do good work, do wasteful work, do this without taking up some meaningful challenge. Put it here, pick it up and put it there, you don't have to do the work according to your intellect and you have to do it that way only, most of the time, this is how it works, how can everyone apply their brain, it is the government system, above all Babu only.  Brain will apply, Politician will apply, then Babu will do a little bit, then the people below here ca n't say I have a better idea because then the work is done, everyone is roaming around with ideas, so there will always be more executioners.  Those who are planning at 99 will remain at 1. Those who are planning are happy because they feel from within that we are changing. Those at the bottom have a misconception that we should go to the country.  Will you change? Yes, you change. After 40 years, after 35 years, if you become Cabinet Secretary, you become Finance Secretary, you become this, but that brother, that one, that is not even half percent of the people, it is % of the people and even in that you do not change that much, only the politicians.  Tells and the politician tells after seeing the public then you have more in your hands otherwise you will remain unhappy then you can bypass it and a lot of things are as hard as you are working, I am saying that if the amount of hard work is not a joke to me  It seems serious because with that much you can become a politician, those who have been preparing for the exam for 10 years, raise this flag and roam around somewhere and connect genuinely with the people, understand the compulsions of the people and raise some voice and intelligently. Use social media and become an influence. If you become this in so many years then yes I am telling you that in 10 years of hard work you will become such a well-known influence.  You can maybe become an MLA because you look at me friend, how many MLAs are there in India, I think there are 8-10 thousand, like there will be 400 plus in UP, there are 90 in Haryana, there are 70 in Delhi, there are probably 120 in Punjab, you start counting like this.  Two from the whole of India, okay, how many are there? Like, 23 in Bihar, count all the states like this, friend, that makes 180, so now see for yourself that it is easy to become an MLA, it is easy if  If you try then it is possible. If you look at the chance of probability, then I think it is possible. You see this, 10 lakh children want to become IS, but how many lakh people want to become MLA every year, no survey has been done, no, they are workers, this is all I understand. But how serious are you actually, so I am speaking as you can do it, you can serve the country in any way, so depending on what else is there, what is it only? Now people will say, no, no, sir, sir, sir, sir, you are not even in a government job, and if you got fired from a government job, if you became a Group D student, then who became an arrow in the pumpkin, if you were from a good family.  Why are you becoming like a shell? You are from such a family where brothers are not able to earn their living and the condition is absolutely bad. So if you become like that then your family will cherish and that family will cherish the thing.  Cherishes, happiness comes from the place where the family gets benefited that my child, let's go, yes let's go, Munni's father has just got a job, it is okay in the fifth and sixth attempt, they do it, now many of you will go like this, mostly like this People are coming, then there is a class difference feeling there too and then if I go further, I will go a little into the dark zone, I leave the video in gray and turn it off, then many times, what has gone wrong in the system these days that you  He came from this class, he came from this class, it is good because the government is giving opportunity to everyone, but now he came earlier, so he sat here, but he is a victim of it, this reverse discrimination is also happening, this discrimination has been going on for 5000 years.  This has been going on, I don't refuse you, you also know but now reverse discrimination is also going on that if you are sitting here now, then this person's soul is also in pain, then someone will say, brother, why did you go then? Why did I curse you? He is having fun doing it. He is having fun doing it. You are in pain. He is having fun seeing you in pain. All these are not normal videos. No one is making them and I am also making them. Someone is very wrong.  I am not trying to give any message, I am just trying to give the message that friend, leave the government job, if you are of this profile and if you are of that profile then go for sure, go for sure, try because in many places, the government  She is giving you a chance for 37 years, give unlimited ATM for 37 years, give her some work for 15 years, hold on to your work and keep giving exam after exam, that too is an addiction of people, I enjoy it a lot.  I also gave many exams as an amateur and cleared a lot, meaning just to test whether I consider myself such a knowledgeable person or just enjoy it, sometimes it becomes an addiction. In K, especially in CAT, it is a lot of fun, it is okay to attempt, look at the percentile, even if you don't want to join, it is still a lot of fun, there are many good exams, they challenge you, okay, it is fun, but it is just a stage. After this, you should leave them because this is a big addiction, the prelims of Kadi, B-four have also passed, and you will pass the examination, those who enter it, if they are not able to pass, then there is no big heaven ahead because heaven is  If you would have looked happy, just in India, if you find any senior employee under 40, whether he is a senior or a top bureaucrat of India, if you would have looked happy, do this exercise for the next 10 days, then tell me in the comment section by writing your name.  There is no need to tell him I met 45 year old 43 year old 49 year olds he is very happy This is a class which is not happy at all but the soul has been sucked  What about these people and the private people and those who are employed outside, think that the government people are having fun, they are not having fun, because if they were having fun then it would be visible on the face, or it would not be visible on the face, you will write in the comment section, thank you.