Hello friends, there is a lot of message for the youth, I will be your mentor, who will give you mentorship, a lot of youth is looking after people to mentor them, I also have elders, give us knowledge, give us like this, and you will be looking for it anywhere else too, The Fact is Mentorship.  Will Come at a Great Cost If It Comes from a Good Mentor Will Come at a Great Cost If It Comes from a Good Mentor Will Come at a Great Cost I suppose you are someone you are listening to me you are in your college and early part of your career you have got a new job and your age is between 18 to 25 27 and you want to figure out a lot of things you  Got a lot of questions, please go and surround yourself with professionals who are in that field and flatter them a little, give them a feel for their dosa.  They are feeding you tea and coffee, brother, brother, brother, sir, sir, they will also tell you a lot because they have already entered the place where you are about to enter, they know, as if they are not senior, about the exam, who has just appeared for the exam last time.  Gave it two years ago, he knows more about the strategy, instead of going to some great white people and paying big money for a strategic consultation at a different senior level. End vision and are taking money according to that, they cannot come to your level and take you, they cannot even guide you. Most of it is something like if there is a child of LKG first second third fourth, then the professor who is teaching PhD. Sir, go to him and take some tuition, he will not only entertain you but you like him because he is famous, he is influential, he has good looks, brother, he will take notes and if he explains then you will understand.  He will not come, in fact he will not explain to you, he is from the first, then he will say something to you, you will feel bad, then you will think of speaking bad to him or will you do it? You should catch hold of a sixth and a little of the seventh. If the person in front of you is the sixth and seventh, then it is  If you are from 9th or 10th, then 11 are from 12th. If you are from 11th or 12th, then some mentorship is from a college student who is 3 to 5 years senior to you. Do what the younger brother does, do it with the elder brother's friend or elder brother or at that level only, only from there you will get the real one and that will be good enough. If not the best advice, it will be decent enough. He will tell that in the lawyer.  So you have to do this, if your father is not there then you will have to struggle here, talk to him, do it like this, give tea and water to some people, give them respect, there are many youngsters from whom no one can take knowledge from them.  In the beginning, unless you have become a professional Gyan Gyani Baba and started giving knowledge, in the beginning you enjoy giving it for free to everyone and in India, many people enjoy giving knowledge for free, so that much. You don't have to struggle You have to just find the right person What I see a lot of people is they spend too much time with their peers Butch, you don't know, I don't know, we are doing some figure out among ourselves, some times there is one smart friend, who knows, who knows, if it is like this in your circle, then it is good, okay, but ideally speaking  So everyone's fathers, if you are listening to me or are parents, they should know that parents cannot be mentors because they are not specialists but parents have a big network and circle so parents can  Also come and help in this situation and they can connect their child with the right once some times and then parents also have to apply the same formula that this will not come at a free cost if the advice has any validity, gyan asli hai to itna free  Even though you will not find it in me, you can still ask, how did you like the idea that you can connect with that child who is two, three, four or five years ahead of your child? For those of you who are in the job market, I am doing a special webinar on Saturday at 12:00 pm. 12:30 pm. You will know the time. I am doing it at 12:00 pm only. I am doing it on Saturday at 12:00 pm.  Hoon is very nominal fee if you can join him How to progress in your career How to crack interviews Lincoln How to manage profile and interview  How to prepare for the hidden job market? What is this hidden job market? Many people do not know that it is a job market. As we know it, there is also a hidden job market. How to get better placement in jobs, so I will tell you all these things.  We will tell people I will get a domain specialist on this right in that workshop and webinars maximum au if you want to attend that webinars add to me and mean a job  Webinar from W to add to me and what is its exact you will know the details join fee is ₹ 77 for that 277 is strange rate no yes jyotish ka rate is ok ₹ 77 is the fee ok so hope to see maximum of you So you should get some clarity otherwise you will keep wandering here and there brother, you will not get everything for free, you will keep wandering about which job should I do, how to approach.  How should I find my CV, how to make a CV, AI makes CV, AI reads it, what does it read, what are the keywords, how to market it, because these days so many CVs and resumes are coming that only yours can be selected.  It is not happening, you are not being called, you will get the job only when you are called, so the first thing is that someone should call me, see my face, talk to me, only then there is a chance, isn't it okay?  Please come teach will be explained learn professional mentorship if it is available at this low a price and some times is available ok other wise so I already told you it will be that it is not the best way but then it is better than doing nothing there  Is No Point Seeking People Who Are Extremely Expensive Ok If You Can Afford Them Nothing Like It But If You Can't Kuch To Karega Kuch To Karoge Ok  Have to do it, okay so hope to see maximum of you this Saturday and is what you need to