Hello friends, should I marry you, this is the topic but I will answer it in a very different way so that you will get complete clarity in it because no one is able to give this answer properly and Acharya ji is a very popular YouTube, he is getting close to four crore subscribers.  And by doing this, I feel scared of all his drivers. By doing this, I am scared, but still I am telling you, he has created a lot of confusion, it is okay here, earlier he was very against it, okay.  After marriage, I made a lot of videos, okay, and then through my videos, I am sure that he changed his view a little, no, I am not against marriage, then he said, I want you to get married consciously, that.  It's one second, marry the one who takes you up and that's the change. Now many people will say, you are a small idiot, he doesn't have 2 lakh subscribers, he is sitting at 4 crores. When I made that video, he also had one crore, okay.  My 1 lakh has gone from 1 lakh to 2 lakh, theirs has also probably doubled, okay, otherwise you, yes, brothers and sisters, no matter how much bigger the balloon is than yours, no matter how much air is in the balloon, this much needle is enough, okay? Now I am not going to vent again to them, to their subscribers, to their followers, I am also Guruji, it is okay without any organization, who made you Guruji, who made me, I have made myself, I can make myself too, Guruji.  From Gurugram, okay, so I have also done my branding as I am Guruji, many of my fans call me Guruji and I also like it, okay, so I am self-styled Guruji, okay, why in these times, I am afraid to say this, but I  I do n't feel scared because I have never had any physical interaction with anyone, so I am someone like that Guruji is fake Guruji and I am not going to go into that category where there is something happening, I just listen to YouTube2 for four minutes, after that you will  Whatever you want to write, write it and whatever my family listens to, you tell me that if your family felt happy after hearing it, then write it as AG, then after setting the role, I will try only with the theory given by my Acharya Prashant ji.  There is only one protest that friend, this person is this person, this person is a theory, we see, everyone is a modern philosopher, they are speaking their own, I am speaking mine, 17th century, 16th century and 10th century.  Something like this has happened in the century too, Aristotle Socrates Chariot, there is no one these days, otherwise we are like this in today's world, if you think about it then there is a theory, you should enjoy his words, enjoy my words too.  And nothing is ever personal. Whatever is discussed should not be given importance. We should not give importance to what is being said. We have to increase dialogue, not controversy, not argument. Hey, what a wonderful thing you have teased us about the dialogue. Acharya ji has also teased me, I am my bread and butter, this is my bread and butter, so I have teased them too, because this youth, after listening to all the videos, goes to ask them questions.  So call me somewhere and record it, otherwise I will attempt it. What do I find wrong in their theory that this is a human being, he has to marry, he has to marry the one who can take him to the top.  Then the problem is that we marry only one person, it is not that I married him, he married her and she married him, if this was the case then the theory was correct that if I married this man then he married her, then it is okay.  Now this one cannot get up because he was fallen, he lifted up the fallen one, now if he marries this one, this will raise him up, now if he does this to her then this theory does not work mathematically or scientifically or logically.  It is not practical, isn't it, this is this, marry me, I will not use my word, meaning two, Rohit, Neha, okay, okay, now Rohit wants to marry Neha, my favorite characters, okay, Rohit wants to marry Neha, Neha is here, Rohit feels that Neha is him.  But Neha will take you here. Neha says to Rohit and Will says to Rohit. Rohit will be worried about why should I do your work, what is your consciousness?  I have to awaken my intellect and conscience, which means I have to take you up. I am looking here, so my answer is that what you need to do is you have to become the person you have to become the person who is yours.  The potential spouse that you have made a demanding program in your mind will be looking and seeking. Now I have spoken in English, it becomes difficult to translate it in Hindi.  I am attempting neither my English is good nor my Hindi is good because when my mind works like Chacha Chaudhary's then it is difficult to explain, so I attempt again because these videos are made from emotions, they are not made from paper like this and I love.  Acharya Prashant ji for this he also tells with emotions that nothing is scripted, so in that way we would have been friends, I and Acharya Prashant would have been very good friends, if he had removed the marriage thing, I would have agreed with all the rest of his things. I am fine, everything is fine I agree, I have no problem with anyone, only this one, so what to do now, now they will not change, I too cannot do that, if they remove one thing, then I will give their organization wisdom, intelligence and consciousness. I too will join the campaign with a motorcycle and a little behind. It should be changed, if they are watching this video of mine, any of their friends or forward it, everyone has time, no matter how popular someone is, everyone sees it, okay, so I ask them to change this a little and take a little more on this one.  Look, you have changed a little.  It is very good, do a little more in this, everything else is 100 by 100 in this because sometimes what happens is that one small thing goes wrong and then your entire program gets spoiled and then it goes astray, so try again.  Let me explain again what I explained in the beginning, that brother, you look at this, understand, apply your mind, he is Rohit, he wants to look like he does in the world, but to attract attraction, he also has to become attractive.  Will he say that it will be necessary or not, friend, I am not, this cannot happen because sometimes your face is such that you cannot change it because of the face of your parents, now I am going to explain it very clearly by doing examples for example.  Only then will you understand that theory, so much has been told, now you have to explain it too, then you too become beautiful, make abs and boobs, broaden your personality, broaden your shoulders, bike, bike, dole, sholay waadi. Do whatever because now you are seeking this personality. Now brother, you bring a sense of humor, maybe Neha can do with something less sexy, but she has a sense of humor because even ask girls what they want, they say something like this. Sense of humor should be B grade, that means one should be a stand up comedian, but there are issues in the marriages of stand up comedians too, then what is it, then you will have to become rich, but how to become rich at 24, okay Neha is 23, you are 24. How can one become rich? Right now, I am not employed, I am preparing for the exam, or if I have got a job, it is worth Rs 40,000. Neha has a choice, right? 28  From 23rd person to 30th person to 32nd person, there is a choice over that, anyone can do it and when you start doing that then it is getting even more painful that now I don't want to say that, otherwise the video will go here and there.  Beyond that, a separate video will be made on how girls are also losing it in terms of what ever the way they are conducting, it is okay, I call it high value women, I am okay with it.  I do n't have to make a relationship webinar on this because here neither from the position of time nor when I am making the video, nor like this 8 minutes 52 seconds 8 minutes 54 seconds youth does not watch 12 minute videos, people watch only 810 minutes.  This pressure is not on the screen, such a creator looks very bad, there is so much to say, that way I love Acharya ji, that way, at slow speed, as comfortably as Atal Bihari Vajpayee.  They speak calmly and if they are having genuine interaction then they can do it, but if someone else is making their video, then there is no pressure on them, okay, we have pressure here, so I also want to do a webinar on this, I am free.  Should I do it or not do it for free, maybe I want to do a webinar by charging a fee of Rs. 00. You want to attend, I will tell you all these concepts, now you see this if you are seeking a very intellectual.  I am the kind of girl with whom it will be fun to talk. It will be fun to discuss the world. You can have deep conversations. If the spirituality element is high then brother, you will have to become something at that level. It is not possible that I am so what do you say friends. Do you know any extrovert person and get married to my interworker or I want to marry someone else? You have to see what the person is looking for. If you want to marry a very rich girl, you have to do it in a rich family.  I am also a rich son-in-law, I don't want to be a rich son-in-law, I want to be a rich son-in-law because of my father-in-law and not because of my father, you could not choose me, that was fate, but my father-in-law has free will, which is the difference between destiny and free will, I would explain it like this.  I am in astrology that you know father is destiny father in law is free will you have a choice ok who will become my father in law then if you are in a rich family you will marry  Want to do that I should get facility, my father-in-law should do something, I will not use that word but then no one knows, if a father is giving something to his daughter as per his wish, then giving means that you will not call it something.  Rang, if yours is like this then now you have to think that if they will choose that family then you will have to go and do the same, there I am not teaching, I am telling as an example.  I am doing this so that you learn that if you want, you will have to say 'Mummy ji' as forcefully as you don't even speak to your mother, you will have to say 'Papa ji', you will have to parry, you will have to give that vibe that even though you are not from a rich family, you will have to say big but you are big.  He is taking good care of us, giving us a lot of respect, he can't show that attitude by going there, Mithun Chakraborty 's 80's movie, we too are treated unfairly, how are we, so what happens then that, that Rich father will say, what a useless character you are, meaning one is he is singing such songs to my daughter and he himself doesn't have any facility and one is also passing the wrong time, meaning giving means what is the future, meaning he wo n't be able to handle my business.  Neither will he be able to handle my wealth nor will he have the wisdom to handle it. Okay so you will have to think like that how will that girl or girl's family and the same thing is true for girls.  Also, if a girl wants a boy, who should be like this, this, this, loyal, just now, this is the thing which I was reluctant to hide, okay, I was afraid to hide, okay, this is wrong, Hindi, okay, you understand what I am saying.  Okay, sometimes he is Rohit Sharma or his captain, he also says like this, hey, see, do that, I do n't know what he is saying, it's fine, but if the people around him understand, then my subscribers understand now. Acharya Prashant's people can go at this moment, that too by writing to me in the comment section, now I am talking to my people, okay, so what I am trying to say is that if a girl says that a boy should be loyal, then you too 10  Do n't hang out with people, you are hanging out here with 10 people, now you want him, he will hit you only because you have to marry some buddy, whatever is in your mind, then think that if he is like this  If someone exists then how is he searching? You have to become what he is looking for and if you don't become then you will not get that too, that is why today people have become so ruined that they are thinking in their mind why marriages are not happening today.  Because I am the number one marital consultant in India, my best course of pre-marital counseling is that, take membership of Sango Lai Sut, you will see the first class is excellent, okay, so let's move ahead, then why is it not happening because you  It is okay to make a program outside, but you have got nothing to attract that thing to you, whether it is a girl or it is a boy, I teach the skills to attract it, say what you want, I want this, then I am like this.  I see at the current status, it could not happen in this life, Thakur, it could not happen with you, Munna, it could not happen. Okay, so now it could not happen with you, why couldn't it happen? Because you do not have the capability, that is, if you have a magnetic field or an attractive force, with such a small magnet, you will not be able to attract such a big iron object, but if you are such a big magnet, then you can attract it, you understand.  If you are, then first of all it is simple things, I say respect in life, have the ability, talent and the hard work to get what you like and please like what you get most.  Of you will have to settle for less You will have to lower the standards No father is also not rich No not very handsome but will settle down I am an arrow in which pumpkin I am also like this I am earning 500 brother this  She is earning Rs 28000, she will get married, here girls earn Rs 40, boys are needed, those with Rs 4 lakh are not boys with Rs 4 lakh, what a man they have become. Old man, are you going to marry divorcees or are you going to trap married people by having extra-marital affairs? Be practical na friend, you will get married in early time, if you get married in 23, 24, 25 years then this is what will happen then what do girls do 30, 31, 32  It happens that while searching for it, I have not found it. Yes, it is the one that awakens the intellect, conscience and consciousness. Yes, I will find it. Basically, she is searching for the one worth Rs. 4 lakhs because  I have got 2 lakhs madam, you should have done it before the one of 5 lakhs, it does n't matter, a husband who needs your salary will respect you more, I want to tell all this to the people of 40000, I want to get your 4 lakhs also.  First of all, he will get rid of your job and then that 4 lakh rupees person, there are many scams and solicitation programs, don't think that those 4 lakh rupees are going to your account. Girls, it's me with a package, he has already got a loan of Rs 4 crore from his parents, he has spent the same money in the marriage of two sisters, he is already sold, for the next 20 years you will go and think that  When you see his bank statement for the first time or you come to know the truth, he will say that he has been robbed, he has been robbed, better than this, the one with Rs 80,000 which was equal to yours was not looted anywhere, that Rs 700 was yours.  Would have respected Hajj's duty, would have gone ahead with you, would have worked in the house too. Now the husband worth Rs 4 lakhs and the daughter worth Rs 40,000. Suppose if there is someone then brother, you will have to do all the work. Lat Sahib earns 10 times and this will tell you to leave.  Will I leave you for your job of Rs 400 thousand? Should I make these adjustments? You are a child, after seeing all this, these girls start feeling very bad again. When they were looking for that.  If I get this much, if this happens, then there will be programs for him too. Are you that person, because what is wrong, you got it by mistake, why are my marriages not working? By paying such a huge consultation fee to me, I am giving this knowledge to people.  What I am giving you for free is that brother, you thought that our luck has woken up, we don't speak like this, our luck has woken up, our daughter has got married to you, is it a bungalow, is it a car, is this but that is the mother-in-law's.  and father-in-law  If he has a child then it is just like that there, your daughter will get it after he leaves and he will leave after 50 years and he also has a daughter and maybe another son or daughter, so he can give half or quarter or even the whole to her.  If it is your daughter, then she will not go in that. I had also done a case study. Your daughter is an actual example, the one standing behind the Desire, in which the butler of that house also travels. It was not told that she will travel in it to get vegetables and bajji. Someone said, yes, that's why they brought your daughter so that she can be so tame and submissive and they did not bring such an extremely educated dominating intelligent, they just brought her to see if she had any luck. Features are fine, chest height and weight are fine, children will be born later, this was their thinking, you thought that our wealth has woken up, no one's wealth is waking up, today no one's wealth is waking up, everyone is theirs.  There are girls, one and a half boys, above them are a lion and a quarter lion, all these things are going on in life and this number one of India is telling the right thing of this society because many have it, many have not, we are the best every day.  They collide and everyone collides with us, they come and say no one is number one, number one does not have number two, this is the truth of life, nothing great is being found in life, one is getting it as it is and if you are getting something great then it is.  I have caught a lot Repeatedly told that luck is not waking up, if someone comes to know later, then think once that if you are like this, then why is he getting married, is he doing something else somewhere else? Also, when I teach some things to people in webinars, one of my main dialogues is 'Whenever it is too good to be true, anything in life. When ever anything in life is too good to be true.' Then it is not true, it is not true, so always remember this thing, do it with just this much, you are sitting with this much beauty, if you yourself are 5 feet 7 inches, then you boy can get married if you are 5 feet 10 inches. Kaif type fight is fine but then there should be something inside you, then it is ok, there should be something inside you, then there is nothing else to attract that much, then you will not be a brother, then you can reach your 5 feet 2 inches 5  Foot 3 inches Find all this 5 feet 5 inches Find it And the same thing goes for physicality It goes for mental This thing and money things These are all three things in a marriage These three things are the only things Boys go more for physicality  Girls go more on this, hold on to this one thing, this is a fact because earlier what used to be, resources and power were seen because there was no bank, there was no money, so today's days are the best of the times.  Because what was there earlier were the men who were strong and like the selection takes place in the Animal Kingdom, Narmada, see it in Net Jio, I have seen a lot of Net Jio, it is okay, I took a lot of knowledge from Net Jio, I was in a place many years ago.  I was stuck somewhere in my life and I only knew the channel Net, so I watched that lion and leopard and this female does this and speaks from behind in Hindi, a boy and a girl have watched a lot but I have learned a lot from them.  Okay, you guys too, these days I do n't know that people watch it, I too have n't watched it for 15 years, I watched so much of the internet that I stopped watching TV, okay, so those earlier times were like that if you  If you are strong then you will take all the females. Be it a lion in any species, whether you are a monkey or whatever, it is okay, but how good is a human species that even those who are not like this have been given the opportunity to brother.  You You become better with intelligence, you become better with money, you become better with nature, you become better with speaking, even then Roma boys don't understand how much chance they have, otherwise brother, everything will be taken away by those alpha males of yours.  That one does not come in Animal in the first scene, Ranbir Kapoor doing cigarette and hair like this and Dhichak Dhichak Chhoti Si Aasha, that is not the song of Aap log sab sab wahi le jaayenge Dilwale dulniya nahi le jaayenge alpha male le  Ours and yours too and everyone else's brides will go but thankfully all this is there in this society that actually now other things also make a difference since this is so much of variety that is why everyone has a chance of getting married otherwise they are like this, boys with bad intelligence.  They are sitting, they may never be there but this is the system that girls get attracted by doing those things, okay then this is your chance, so I hope I have given clarity about marriage now.  While leaving, tell me, have I removed any confusion, have I given or increased any clarity, because I come and become wide-eyed that brother, this Acharya Prashant is not giving clarity, he is increasing the confusion, what have I given, have I succeeded, then please comment section.  Write in 'Total Deee Became That Person' whom you want to marry, is the one seeking that person. Like they say, if you are a hunter then he is also a hunter, so what is he looking for?  You are seeing that you have to become that person, only then will you meet, only then will you meet, this color word means only after meeting, you will get married, it will not happen otherwise, you are this one here, someone is searching here, this one here is searching here, if you want to marry this one. So this will have to be made, then you say no, if I have become here, then I will search here, it will never happen again, this has to be seen also, you will have to look below many times and I personally am very happy in my consultation that I have got many girls married. Brother  You have become very big, so marry this person and she agreed and many girls are also changing, I know it, at the end of the video I will tell you, this boy is this and this girl is this.  So palla is like this, sorry, boys are like this, they are a little down, they are upset and my subscribers are also sad that yes Guruji, girls, I am doing a little bit, I am also giving knowledge to the girls, now or not brother, now don't think like this.  boys mean  She is less in physique, she is also less in appearance, see some decency, because if you want to settle down, then see a little of that also. Okay, so I am teaching all this and the girls are learning it at all. There was a time when I was out, but now.  I am going to influence here, now I am going to sit with the boys team and explain to the girls team, there was a time when I move here and there, I am both, so wherever I sit, the one who is with me wins.  Only that team wins, okay, so right now I am sitting here on behalf of the boys, if you boys are my subscribers then increase more subscribers, take me to the level of wisdom, intelligence and consciousness a little, if you take me a little then I will wake up everyone.  There is no one above me in practical. In practical, I do not quote any book, do not quote anyone's old knowledge, do not say anything that goes over my head, my aim is to explain, even if I have to take 12-14 minutes more, but I  I can teach this very well in one and a half to two and a half hours and that will make you perfect. If you want to do that kind of session, brothers and sisters, then please write in the comment section that yes we want to attend that session in the weekend.  I will make a plan, I will reach out to thousands of people and we will do it well. Okay, so if you want to join, please do join. Tell me how you liked this video and do it.