Hello friends, don't listen, this Indian Thanos is going to be a very deep and good topic, watch till the end and share with people [Music] In this marble series, there is a character who says that if half the people of the world die.  Brother, the thought process of the world will become better and all the super heroes are fighting in it, so there is such a Guruji in India too, right and he is fully educated from behind, yes, he is from IIT, so he has also passed the exam, maybe people are like that.  First of all I wanted you, the friend of IAS, it is a very big thing. Thousands of people have come to study. All four people have gone. Okay [music] Should I eat the bread of what I am going to say now? There is power in my words, there is power in knowledge.  It is just that, where it is coming from should have no meaning, here in India today, if you pick up so much wisdom and wave your hands like this and call people animalism, then you look very good and are children.  They become fools because even their parents are not guiding them. No one in the society is guiding them. What is your Thanos saying? What is this Indian Thanos saying? Why are you getting married? What kind of marriage is this? Now I am going to tell you. Not marrying is an abnormality and a different thing. Our society has become so mature that it has accepted this thing. The Supreme Court has accepted this. This is fine but now you are a homo.  Notes of sexuals, comments, it is wrong to have hetero section of oil, you are a fool, and less, everybody should become homo, I am telling you by taking a sexual example, I am not condemning anyone, your homosexual cant comment that you are having sex, it is very safe, don't get it.  Pregnant and You Hetero Section The ridiculous things I am saying but are also being done ridiculous and the ridiculous things are being made ridiculous  While talking, it seems normalized, every time Vivekananda takes the name of Vivekananda, Spirituality, he did this, he did that, he did not marry, hey, when did he call marriage bad, Ratan Tata ji is reducing the status of big leaders, Ratan Tata ji is reducing him.  When did you say that the marriage has been spoiled, you should not get married for any reason, it is a very good thing, don't do it, but why are you getting sour now, the army marriage is being done by a bawdy mouth because what we are doing.  And he is saying what is the difference between Nannu becoming Nannu's father and Nannu's mother becoming Nannu's mother, I say 'Chhota Baby', it is fun to listen to you, 'Chhotu Baby, Chhotu Baby', I will explain to you in life, listen carefully, it is going to be a very interesting video.  It is very important, what happens sometimes is that the man gets nervous, no, he is doing the rest a little right and when you throw big words, vidant, knowledge, spirituality, well, your convenience comes. So, if we had become scientific then today I am going to talk about scientific because science also has become, no one can go and read any book as per his wish, read this chapter, this chapter, this chapter, this, okay, you went and read a lot, what was written and I also wrote something.  If there was, then there is no interpretation of it, I never knew anything, all these books, everyone will ask, this I thing is also coming from them only but I didn't quoted from I, if the knowledge comes from somewhere. It will change your life and become a human being in Delhi, you are the fight in which people are not getting married because of various reasons. I have already made a video in it, I had posted it on sex ratio, you must watch the video, it is okay, you are not getting married now.  Marriage is not happening, nothing is happening, people cannot even have sex because it is not so easily available, brother, it seems that it is not available, this is also a fact, so tell him that this is a dirty thing, this is a matter of science.  Let's talk about biology, brother, you are ashamed of the natural desire and instinct, shame the body, after doing sex education from here, our country has died, bed touch, good touch, sexual resolution, children have to learn, this is how these misconceptions happen.  If this was the case, then you go to India, Khajuraho is also there, all your Kamasutra, everything was ours, you get all this and everything, all the knowledge, now you are changing some other narrative here. I caught one Advaita, one caught that, don't condemn him but ask and catch him, you come and say anything, this is the thing you do, make a fool of you, loot your money, I am saying date it D Lesnar crime when you finish today itself  What you are doing is that there is no need of nuclear bomb, there is no need of terrorist attack, tell a society, what are you saying that service is important in the society, hey society is Nannu's father, Nannu is the same. And she is Nannu's mother and those who marry and give birth to children are the society itself. Since when have you, a social worker, become above the society? Have you not become above the creator? Hey, the day that little baby comes in your hand, that boy becomes a mother.  If not a day, then even small things keep roaming around in life. By taking a motorcycle in life, you learn to live for someone else. What are you being taught? How are all four of you being eaten? Do this, do this, gain knowledge, achieve this. Achieve that, achieve that knowledge, then what knowledge should I do? No, then I am talking about Moksha Moksha Scientific, the theorem has become acceptable, foreign countries have accepted it, I agree, but I am speaking in your language.  Whenever it suits you, you take me here, etc. because now I feel from inside that I will have to leave the room, I also talk well, I also keep it rational and I have also read those books because  I see the auditorium is full of people watching their videos on YouTube and those who come look like losers sitting. If you catch hold of me and the losers then have some conversation and then tell them once about their situation that it is okay which is bad and  Those who will not have proper children, there will be no society and this brother is saying that you leave one child, don't even marry, don't do anything and this is an animal, it is an animal, so stop eating it, don't even eat animals.  Eats, do you go to the bathroom in the morning, don't you? Animals also do it somewhere. Stop doing that. Brother, let me study whatever science I have. I have also studied Biology. I have also studied Physics Chemistry Math till 12th. In Biology, it is said that there is animal kingdom.  Which one of us will be in one, at least the plant owner will not be the one who will take a butter fly or a bee from here and if such programs do not exist because we are in the animal kingdom, there is animality in everything. This is that man.  What  Man is the one who has taken the world till here and woman is the one who is the creator and in India and this and the whole of India considers the parents as God and respect them, so brother, at least the parents should be respected. So why can't you become like God? Why should you be afraid? What are you going to become? You have become parents. When you were born from parents, how were you born? How were you born in animality? How were you born? You tell me how everything was born.  There are holes in them  Do your Vedanta book, he has not even read it, but his life is a miserable loser life, he justifies it full and those videos and views and views and what do they say about me, I know that I have thrown stones under the umbrella of honey bee. Diya, there will be an attempt to troll me, troll troll, I also know, because the man who thinks it is right, it feels right because man, he will troll all this, the man who is working, has a family, is studying, is getting married.  He can't even come and stand, now why is someone like me making a video by reducing it by 50, I also have less because the one who has less, the one who has to raise his wife and children, the one who has to move his life forward, he will not come and say these things. All the losers have said, I ask for one of my own here too, make a moment, I ask for this too, now say this here, give it your old name, Chetna, Vivek Buddhi, this is Chetna in every three lines, Chetna, Chetna, Chetna, then what do you have to do with Chetna? Tell me where are you taking D Youth 22-25 26 years old needs you to work 59 And he will only work And the purpose comes from the institution of marriage It is un time tested Start roaming around Don't do anything There is no need to do anything  What are you paying attention to, I will also go to the auditorium, I will also go to college, I will also go to college, tell me friend, okay, I will also speak  I also say, friend, there is a limit, I also function arrogant and understand [music] There should not be any torture, everything is getting equal, then you feel everything is going wrong, you come to know that in the picture.  What a villain he is who says that the whole world is this baby, behind it all the other babies look very cute, so I neither have dogs nor puppies, I will make them so cute and I will make them even cuter so that  The world should follow him and stop doing babies, he has a problem with babies, it is okay and the picture of baby bossing is his theme, this is his friend, if this person is reducing the system, then this person is taking us in the same direction.  It is not visible in the short term because this effect will be visible in ₹10 years. Today, if 2 crore 3 crore people are under the influence of this person, because 40-50 lakh are only subscribers, brother, that is influence. Why are you subscribing, my words seem ridiculous to you, will you subscribe, subscribe me, give me this date, but if someone has 50 lakhs, someone has 40, 50, 60 locked and one is becoming a boys club of Vellore. And that thing is accumulating one crore two crores and then brother, no one will marry because looking different is a pressure from the society to get married and what is wrong in it.  They are saying that there should not be this pressure, remove this pressure, this thing which is entering into a man, it seems easy when your face is such that no one wants to marry you, then it feels very good to have the institution of marriage.  Saying that the institution of marriage is bad while I am not commenting on anyone's beauty, beauty is this much, can I attract someone, this hair is realistic, also here she is.  So this one will attract, so I am here, so I am here, there is someone for every man, someone for every woman, everyone gets married, the one who wants to do it, the one who does n't want to do it doesn't get married, so now this youth Who is confused because how much brother has he been given, all the girls will do section 498, will take money, will file false cases of dowry, please tell me how much is it, I am not saying that this does not happen, but its government.  Let's even change the rules that now we will not directly bring the code, it is not like this now, there will be investigation, this will happen a lot, they have started saying in OTS also, that is an extreme, there is no doubt here which was there earlier, the government has made the rules.  They took the rules here, now after going here, they are coming here again and will come straight slowly, it will take time but it does not mean that you have done all the right topics, why can't men accept those who are our 56000 and  Those who talk about this big thing in the books, all that knowledge is written, female choice was the time, today also see this exercise, if you see there too, [ __ ] wonder whose off spring I will be, if I want a strong one and that, then there is no people, no prince.  If he would have got angry at the Swayamvar in time or if anyone among the animals would have been angry then you would have seen these angry people making the positive sour. I have a lot of problems and there is no time for evasive talk or not.  I respect you, now I don't do it, I am scared, I do it because of somebody, you comment, nobody is telling, so free run, I have got 40 lakhs, 50 lakhs, 70 lakhs, 80 lakhs, one crore, now I am sitting at 30000, 30000 is getting screwed by 50 lakhs.  Even if it is good, many people will say this, and for what else, Bano, please tell me, Panch Janas to do good to the society.  If I talk about something inside, then it means don't talk like this and how this is not enough to earn money, you can do many more, look, it sounds spicy, I have no doubt in my words, okay, but friend, tell me that I  Friend, there is no one standing for the normal majority which is running, nor is anyone standing for the middle class, friend, if we talk about the religion of our Sanatan Dharma, then all our people like God ji are with his family. Look at it and follow it, it's okay Gauri Shiv, it's okay, ours, this is how they come together, this is how they do it with me, okay Radhe Radhe, okay, what do these people want, that there was a king, there was a queen, both of them died, the story is over.  So there was a king, there was a queen, one day they got married and they did and then what happened, Nannu will not be there, Nannu's father will not be there and Nannu's mother will not be there because each of them became their fourth and they say nano nano by nano, I have a big objection.  She is very dear to everyone and should be loved by everyone because that is life. Children, means agent, children, means all the children. Now I call you Chotu, baby and with great affection I say to you, Chotu, baby, there is strength in you, the good within you which comes out of the human being also awakens the women.  I am already on the default setting, I am talking about men and you make her realize that by giving her this useless knowledge about you from so many people, then brother, if someone does not want to marry her and wants to do something great, then she will automatically go to someone for him.  knowledge to  There is no need to take from anyone, there is no need to give, it will go on its own, it will go on its own, and this is true only for one percent, if even one percent goes on the great path, then India will defeat America 50 years ago. If he was genuine, in our India today there are 10 lakh boys, 10 lakh only, I am saying, the population is misguided and more of them are being misguided. In our country, it is very easy to get misguided and explain.  It is very difficult to talk to the first person who understands you, who agrees with your reality, you become his friend and those people are growing and they do not confirm this and that, it was said that they are not married, they are questioning again and again.  -You would ask again and again and people would get irritated that you told them, was it the pressure of a society and after that, if the society was closed after a stage, then it would not have gone after a 45 year old man, it is time for a girl to get married at the age of 30.  Year Till 32 years of the boy's life, no one talks about it after that, no one is so crazy, but the society does its duty on its default setting that it is not like this, it means there is no such issue, but it just means that the mind is not getting married again, which means there is no actual reason.  So it tests if how great is yours, because of larger reasons, because of small reasons or because of stupidity, are you a deviant, normal in this marriage, normal marriage and not normal society, you did not get married either. Don't accept it. It's okay but don't make it so that those who are not doing it are letters of praise and those who are doing it are living at the level of clean animals. Its message was heart hitting. If someone got hurt if this happened, then I would not accept it.  I also apologize by adding that I do not mean to put anyone down, but if someone is taking a rat down the hill like a wrong ID paper, then from within I want to stop them and break that tune once.  If you have become free from this mantra, then listen to a counter narrative as well and if you can wake up after listening then go for Jagran, even if you don't want to wake up, I feel that the country has to be destroyed, divert its war, call it nuclear bomb, call it terrorist.  There is no need to have bomb fighters, call it attack, army, keep some people who can instigate them by making them knowledgeable about things, everyone can sit well, where will there be GDP growth here? Hey, this GDP is something.  Nothing like this happens, children are nothing, extreme example, no one should marry in India, no children should not have children, like it is happening in many countries, brother, someone will come and sit there, we Indians are also going there, look at Finland, rest. Look at the countries, we are capturing there, if we don't do it like this then someone will come here and then we will serve their society, our sticks will become their society and we will serve them, we will speak, some more videos will also come on this. Dependent on comment, there will be no clarity on this, normalization will not happen, thank you.