Hello friends, this is the topic for war on clarity that you should not join other new startups in future, many people are excited about the name of startup but from practicality, I am telling in my Indian contact that brother, all these startups are there in your startups.  Startups are running, you should avoid these startups. Region first is process, note is in place. You can get any role there, you will speak well there, why do you speak the same thing when in the interview too? I also have something to say. I got to sit in the panels, only then it was enough for me to feel inside, brother, there is no time here, brother, here you can do anything, it creates enthusiasm. If you are getting stocks and something is happening, then maybe it is a different matter.  And if you look at the biggest bad thing about startups, look at all the new ones listed now, the next ones are fine, you can look at any of these, take the example of Paytm, take the new ones and more 5 6 7 8 more  I can also tell 25 which may not be listed and are trying to do so. Sir, they earned money, made venture capital investment and got listed, made some business model late, kept giving equity, first round, second round, third round, four rounds, kept increasing the valuation.  The valuation kept increasing, the person who was buying time and gave all the stock shops to the retail investors or their program is going to be in this or that sector.  Look at the condition of those who say that their startup is fine and Raju Bhai, see what is the condition of those who are cashew nuts, that is, to earn a revenue of ₹ 2, they are incurring a loss of ₹ 1. Now what is there in that, the jobs will go away, then when the job is caste then it is very sad and when someone drunk comes out of a startup and comes to the market for a job, then brothers read him to adjust the money in a forced job, if you have Insta of yours.  to start a career  Please start from very various table, is it right or big group is ok, stable group, now you tell me, market cap also increased and what happened, everyone knows, okay friend, there are 25000 employees, did you remove even one, I am this  I would say that your Google and all these other big people who are also firing and wiring are going on in America. Do you know how big they are if they have a price in the stock market? 8-10-15% falls immediately, they start firing, Indian big companies do not fire, join, take any name, take note, date, I have taken some money from it, disclaimer, this is off course, want to praise some of them.  I am but I am Tata C i.e. Big Indian, this is think stability. In big, you will learn less from the process because tomorrow you may have to open your own startup. You do not have to join a startup to learn startup because that is  The Tukka system is running, there are ghosts of people and you can learn from them. You can learn from them which is a stable system. People think that the energy that is good in the startup will be very bad for the boy, girl, alcohol party.  Day and night, people are living in less flats, living in that colorful environment, money is noisy and the funding that is coming, there is a lot of money too, because if the money was coming from someone then it would have been shared like this, right?  how is your time going  But brother, he has no stickiness like you, no stability, no future, you, he has one more thing, people in India have always been fond of the name Rai Bahadur, Desh Bahadur, even before independence, nowadays people do not consider him a manager.  Executive Scenery Executive VP Vice President Falna Dham Hey, you can make a name for yourself, it's fine, it's fine, but in a big company, I am on Chuku Matko post and she is.  Someone is sending you a story by posing as the Region Head of MP. Your position is also changing. On hearing this, you get confused by the name Region Head or some such name. After that, you said that the children are stable, meaning the stability of the children's school is the stability of the wife.  All of that gets shaken, brother, he is well settled in his 30s and the initial bachelors are also these jerks, from here to there, only marriage gets delayed, sir, the rest of their program gets done daily because there is stability in the startup. No, if it comes out today, it means that if it works for a few days, if not till the evening, then this is the fate of the startup. If it works for a few days, then some one becomes a hit. Not a startup, but if 10,000 people come, then one goes to that level. You people know what happens to the rest.  So there is no process, I will say again and again, there is no stability, there is no peace and there is no savings in the brain snake's personal development. What I said was Brain Joshi Rijiju Energy in the brain but you are there.  Certain Other Task It is an example of when you eat food, when you break a morsel of food and put it in your mouth, then if you have this much capacity, then you should put only so much morsel in your mouth so that it can be chewed by turning it. If the capacity of your mouth is this much,  It is so big and if you put some lentils in your mouth, it will taste very good. There is no space to chew it. These are the games being played in startups. Let me look at such examples. Share what I understand.  That moment happens easily which an 11-12 year old child can understand, otherwise put these big terms, you and friends brother do not get it, where there will be processes, there will be a routine, in the routine your less bells will be defined like this.  No matter what anyone gives you, no one gives you anything less in a startup, no, you do this, you do this, this is your role, that is also your role, no, do it like this, there is excitement.  There is excitement but health is bad. Excitement is defined. That environment which I told you about is attracting many people. Boys, girls, late nights, parties, alcohol, flats, living in color and reducing it. And by doing this, they are running on half the money.  These are ridiculous models, why do I wait? Many people come to me for consultation. I have seen real business proposals. I have to understand them. And brother, they don't seem to work because they are the best. This is how Ajmashan will become.  They are so speculative that now this will happen, this will happen, every startup is burning money, all these people are sitting on your shark tank and all these people are so passionate, pick up some company, pick up some company, some profit should be ours.  So tell me, this company is not making any profit margin, half of them are buying goods from China, they are doing marketing, they have become brands themselves, some do not do manufacturing, some do not do anything, what do they say?  Our merchants are normal, our normal pop stars and small ones too, they are doing less, they have no glory, money, they are also working and they are in profit, this is the difference, they are the ones who bring the goods from China. They are here in the middle and are in profit because their frills do not bother them so much. In the sexy show they have shown, all that money is being wasted in sucking, they are not getting any profit in showing and all the youth.  These icons are sitting there, they will tell the world that you will go and pitch it, money on the pitch, hey brother, why should I give equity in your business, if it is going well, the one doing well should be like me now, if I have YouTube is also a business, why me?  I will give useless Google ads. If what I say is true then people used to line up in the Himalayas even in the caves to meet Guruji and Babaji. In olden times even today if they meet someone then they are ready to die there too. So if the content is strong.  I'm into your thing  So useless ad's IT just pea of ​​time date people bill discover your content bill speak if you make some good taste IT bill happen because whatever you are bringing external should be big paste its thinking bill capture de market and do  Aldos things and those are not sustainable cash become rate is so hi cash band karke kabhi koi dhandha nahi hai dhandha ka simple sa phool hota ki I have taken something from the story  Lee story is saved and in this I have earned a margin if the work I am doing is not in negative and the earning is not going on and I am being sold and I am thinking that what I have is only a wiki because it is going on the way.  Yes, that rate was the day, I thought that by then the market capture rate and earning would be something new. The future children, they understand that if they have to learn the business of entrepreneurship, then the old Marwaris and Sikhs should give their money to the old people.  Learn from Gujarat, there is business in the air of Gujarat, stay in Gujarat for some days, stay there for 15-20 days, you will understand, invest from the air, ok, this will be a long video but I just want you to get yourself a job today please. Don't start, there is no benefit, there is no learning, it seems like there is a lot of learning, no, this is what I am trying to tell you, this is the biggest contra advice, it seems because you think that I also have to start my own.  So this is also a startup, so I join the startup, I am not aware of Vansh, you are the next one to know, GST is corporate affairs, how are returns filed, what is logistics change, supply procurement, what is input, creation, how to take tax, where everything is established.  Something is established here, you will not be able to learn, you will be given role after role after role, you will keep reducing yourself and as soon as you are free, someone else will give you less.  Learning will not happen. Learning happens in a short pause. Even in a short space of time, you are learning. Because what I had told earlier was brain juice, I had told you about debt and energy. It is there in your startup.  No, you can't turn the morsel, your mouth is stuck there, it's a relief, it's stuck, it's a relief, date is the best think, all those who are attracted, go for campus placements, whichever company is like that, that's the risk.  She is taking you brother, today she is taking you, today it is good, you are getting it, so you go, you look for a bit as to what you want to go into, so don't be so desperate, let it not be the first choice to join the startup, let others  Startup should also be the story of the last choice. I did not get a stable place in a big company in a stable area. So, now I am telling the story. Earn something because it is possible to be a startup. You were given a salary for 10 months. Then you are on Jain.  First of all you jump, we will date this D message, wait a little, take a little left right, roam in a stable company and give you can do wonders if you are this one, this is this distance, you will be in constant stress, I am getting married. Many people have seen that they are getting married and the job got canceled two days ago. Now they will go and tell the bride about my Chhath. This happens because it is a raw company. This is what is called raw private jobs. Jobs used to be called government, they were called sure, now even in private, some are very raw and some do less, okay, those are very good, like egg sales, don't vote on those who date this message, please share like.  If you have some scenario of your own, then put your children and them in the group of youngsters etc. Have a perspective, what is the point in this for you people because well, what is the point in this that those who are running startups will listen to me, right?  So they will litter, that too has to be written because many people are also startups, you will not give time to our startup, this is a factor because look at the advice I have given to you that if you become an entrepreneur tomorrow then you will also get me to join. Yes, this is this, this is the oxymor, this is the selfishness, this is the contradiction, this is the tension, this is the factor. When you are an employee and your boss is extracting your juice, you do this thing. Detect and when you become a master yourself, entropy becomes lower under you, then you want to extract the juice from people, you also know the truth of life, what is good in it, what is there, will not put you in the trap of big, if you give butt  If you want to start your own business then you don't have to do that and all the entrepreneurs who are listening to me and who have a good system like this because there are many of them too, I know ITM guys who do this, I have my own personal phone.  If there are many people on the list, then they should not be considered big. This advice is fine. They should also create such a situation where there is stability and cash flow and do not expand too quickly, as in the rush of expansion, employee consolidation is not happening.  At the same time, this hiring and firing is happening and what is happening is that if someone is found, they will hire him for less, then it turns out that he either has no money for less or is not doing well, is not doing anything, then fire him.  Brother, their life is affected, my bed karma is your enclave, you are like this because in a well established company, there are verticals running there, the promoter is not doing anything every day, start something, turn it off, try it, fire it, do it, do it.  The processes are going on in stability for years, so there is that stability with entropy. If you are also a small entrepreneur, before hiring people because of your debt.  The selfishness of the young promoters is visible. Hey, if you don't take the tax then they will fire you. This is the salary for 3 months. This is the salary for 3 months. It will have an impact on his life. You are using the wrong word, there is one more word before it, he is making a mistake, you are right.  So he is saying that you should not do this to anyone and the rest of my audience who are youth on Clarity, I am teaching them that brother, these people do not have anything, nothing is going to happen here. Good company, join it, join a big company, take less work for two paise, you will be at peace and keep adding value in your life, thank you.