Hello friends the topic is Y Janji will never be able to buy home house and property Janji and Hai Ji who are born after 96 97 are considered to be the generation till 2011 but these children will not be able to buy because of the economic cycle this happened because you  Now no, we had bought, they had bought, everyone will buy, this is the first generation which will be financially poorer than its previous generation in the history of  If not mankind, then every generation has compared to the previous one and this is also a topic of resentment. In many countries, in London, the biggest problem is that the housing needs of the parents cannot be fulfilled because there are many privacy issues there.  You know, foreigners can't even keep them with themselves and don't have space to keep them separately, so in India too, this thing is playing out, because of the assets, their prices have increased a lot.  As an example, any child who is of the age of 1996, 97 or even 98, 99 and has entered the job market, you can think that his age is 25, 26, 27, 28 years. His salary is on an average, there are exceptions and outliers.  Not to mention that brother, this IT turned out to be of mango, its package is worth Rs 1.5 crore, we are not talking about that, whenever we make a video, we will focus on 90  If we make it for them, then there is something only for 90%, otherwise 100%, sometimes there is nothing in anything, okay, then how much salary can you imagine? 25 30000 40000 which are starting IT salaries 50 60 70000 1 lakh.  Also, you can never buy a thing while paying this much rent, basically you cannot buy it without the support of your parents.  Maybe the parents may have spent a lot on their education, the parents themselves have kept their savings somewhere for old age and what is the concept of their parents that we have educated them, they have got a job, now you know.  Know your work, because I can't do beyond this because this house is mine, I am paying its MI, mutual fund SIP is going on for my old age, I have planned something for your marriage, that's it.  If it has happened, then I will say that he is kept for marriage. Whether it is the girl's father or the boy's father, he should now go for this housing need. Without the help of that 101 lakh, now you will say, which house can you buy for 1015 lakh? Many people will say that he doesn't come home in 1015, he doesn't come home in 1015, but if he gets 1015 and 1015 girl, he gets 20 to 30 lakhs.  Even their savings of Rs 55 lakh, which they have worked for two-three- four years, turns into Rs 40 lakh. Things worth Rs 70,80,90 also come to Rs 1 crore. You take a loan and pay income tax on it and instead of paying rent, it is yours.  You will not be able to get the house alone because if there is a short fall of Rs 20-25 lakh in the calculations or it is not only Rs 20-25 lakh for the down payment, you have made the down payment.  If you make 40 lakhs, then you will also earn the loan load and if the payment is to be made in 4 years and initially you have spent two and a half years from Rs 40 lakh, then after saving in two and a half years, 6 more months will be spent and in the last one year, Rs 3040 will be spent.  But if I have to pay through loan then it will be tight for a year, after that I will not have to pay rent and I shifted to my house and income tax rebate came, then this  This is how the investments will start going And if Janji does not follow this Janji said I will take a car First of all I will go out for a walk It's only one life I have to enjoy or Why should parents give I don't ask my Parents, I am a self-respect person, I have a lot of respect and why should I take money from a girl and the girl says why should I get married so soon? The boy says I am  Those who, in 30-35 years, will invest all their money here and there, will spend it in some mutual fund, will be happy by playing SIP, the asset will not come back, will pay rent throughout their life, those will be the previous generation, those who have created assets, that will be their age.  Will eat a lot of rent because he will keep catching up. It will be that he is asking for run rate. It's like cricket. In cricket, the opposition team scores with lets.  320 runs, you have to score 50 overs, then from the beginning, you will not get an average of 6.24, the ball is swinging fast, but at some point of time, you have to take care of the run rate, if you will make it increase to 14, 15, and that.  Even in 15 overs, it is not possible that anyone can hit 48 like Virat Kohli in the last three overs of 15. Agreed but Virat Kohli can also be hit.  Tell me, calculate the run rate of 16, brother, even that cannot be calculated for 10 overs, so this is what I am telling you, I have data and money calculation book which you can also calculate, change is starting at a run rate of eight.  Nine which is really not possible is not possible right from the start so they need support from somewhere so that their asking run rate comes down to 5.5 and on that they will be a little better.  Be a little stingy with yourself and don't jump on marriage and other things in the beginning itself. Once you buy a house, you can even leave your job at the age of 38. But a man who is married only.  33 34 35 Ki Karega And Dreamy Eyed And We Live Once Only Man We Have To Release We Don't Live Once This Is A Color Statement Of The Youth No Know We Live Only once abe baoli butch we die only once we die only once we live everyday it is not once every day we have to live many years we live only once is not a correct English age for all India is concerned only once  Live, live every day, live every moment, die once and have to die, go far away and you will not understand and the biggest thing that these people have thought  Janji has kept that my father is rich, his house is here, here, oh brother, you are not going to get that house, your parents will still be alive till your teeth fall out, which is a good thing, if life expectancy increases, then you are not getting inheritance any time.  So, for how long will we have to make our own fortune, will you think that no, no, we will get this drop, this is not a life to live, the parents have given us theirs, I am guiding the parents and everyone else, you have done so much of yours, this  There is no need to give, but whatever you have done, you can give them some time. They are your children, once you have a house, you will have the courage to get married. If you get married, you will have your own house, then you will have the courage to have children. In this generation, the middle class does not have the courage to have children, they do not have the courage to get married because they know that if I have to live with my parents or live in a room or I have to keep roaming or be a wanderer or  Don't take responsibility because a single boy is a human being.  You can live anywhere in crappy conditions, cheaply, The moment you get married, you require a decent space, you need a respectable space, even if it is one and a half BH, it should be clean, it should be of some style, it should have curtains, sofa, sofa, everyone should have their own TV, CV, washing machine.  Machine, AC and food, model kitchen, all that is needed, gradually it becomes fun to live in it, but if you do not get married then you do not need anything, then sometimes I run here and there, sometimes I run there.  You are living in two suitcases, sometimes you stayed in a PG here, you stayed there in a fully furnished room, you stayed in a guest room given by the company, you stayed in a hotel, you traveled around, you traveled from work, sometimes you stayed at your parents', sometimes you stayed there, sometimes you stayed at a friend's.  Because youth spends 365 days like this, it is the biggest problem of life and this is the problem of a house which will not lead to life, the problem of will lead to life because Without a home, no life will start in the future because what is life, brother, marriage, children, not marriage, children, you do it again in 38 years, brother, it is because of a house that you told your story, that means that wisdom. Those with Vivek Chetna have their own Acharya Ji. He has given another escape route to the people who also call me ' Global Warming Guruji. If Global Warming does not happen, I will not buy a house. If Global Warming does not happen, I will not buy a house.  If it happens, I will not marry, will not have children, but KPL gives it, that is my show, I will lose in Davidson, I have nothing to do with carbon footprint, but I did not get married and it is a big thing, but some Acharya ji has said it.  He said that if a child is born, it is equivalent to cutting 10 lakh trees, then he has got himself an exit, someone will ask, he is not getting married, why he doesn't buy a house, why he is not responsible, he doesn't do anything because I don't.  Want to bring babies in this cruel world You know neither Aurangzeb was there nor people were bringing babies in this cruel world ruled by Aurangzeb nor Narada Shah was attacking Delhi even then in 1739 nor Ahmed Shah Abdali attacked nor babies were being made in 1761 That's why we all are alive, our DNA is still alive, that's why this video is being made, we are from Haryana, we all I suffer here, I know my old history very well, if there they say it's a cruel world, it was really a cruel world, you could die any time, anybody could do anything with ya khata khata pata apna baata baaki kya amat shada ha khata Pita Laida Baqi Amat Shayda Punjabi Proverb What ever you eat and eat in your stomach is yours Baqi Ad Shah will take everything that  Was the saying nothing is yours what ever goes in your stomach is yours only ts your people have lived during 2 times also and they had babies and they lid and since they live and they endorsed ts we are there nahi to kha hote hum to original  My everything is from Haryana I know my 25 generation back Lucky Lucky I know 2530 so me  I know exactly where we are from and where we were from here and what happened when we came so far. If I can explain things, it is a cruel world in this country. Before Lord William Butting banned Sati in 1835, it was called Satya.  And that Sati was of poison, not the second Sati, that of Jauhar, and it was the case of the first one, there was atrocities on women, women used to give birth to so many 1010 children, if not. Mortality rate was high, there were so many deaths of women during female pregnancy, no one asked, today is the best of the times, everything is the lowest in terms of law, these incidences and yet Janji, those who are listening to me, Janji people will also come and write.  How can you say this we will be more spiritually are you life no further prop nahi re chaatte hoga spirituality ko what is spirituality us  I will teach you that day too, that is my Astro Channel, I teach you simple astrology there, join there, there is no life without spirituality, first of all, life has to be there, the work that is done by you is not the same by nature, then you are running away from spirituality.  If yes, then we should look at spirituality. People with spirituality should run away from here. If you want to go after spirituality, then look at the forest, then this is social.  Coming and commenting on media, spiritual person is committing commenting and writing a naughty comment because you have shaken his belief system, you have actually told and him ki him aur har ki tujhse na ho paaye munna te se kuchh bhi na ho paayi to janji if you Are Watching Me Be Very Very Careful About What I've Ever Told This Is How It Will Play Out Yes You Can Jump And Do Some Lot Of People Sometime Say You Will Have To Sell Flats To You Come And Keep Telling About This Thing No My Main Income Still Comes From Consulting Relationship Consultations Unfortunately My Maximum Consultation Normally I Don't Tell Is From Bachelors People Hu  Don't you think that I have this conveyance? You are feeling like this after coming on such a face. I am talking without any confidence. Look, I earn the most money from an unhappy bachelor, so it is very beneficial for me. You should go on this path because this is a business and in India, many people say that you are talking about marriage.  It is said that in Marital Consultation India, so many people are already married that even if no one gets married from tomorrow, I will still keep getting marital consultation for the next many years. It is not necessary that it should come fresh.  There are a lot of troubles of being old and there are many old people and it is not going to happen that no one will marry in India, we will reduce it but it is not that no one will do so many times what happens is that as a content creator we have to tell that our  Positioning is everywhere, you can take consultation even if you get married, even if you don't, you can take it, it is also about investment, it is also about marriage, it is also about sadness, it is also about emptiness, the biggest fear that someone has in life is also from illness.  The fear of illness is still not that much until it comes. The biggest fear that I have seen in my consultations with people is that as they become old especially they are lonely and they hit lonely in the sense that they are bachelors. Not married is this loneliness.  The biggest fear of loneliness is that a man does not want to be alone and I am telling you that if your bachelor nobody will want to come to you after a particular age, you have so much money.  Isn't it that you attract everyone, your looks are messed up and you do n't have any life partner, there are no common goals, there is no purpose, then you will be left lonely and Janji half seems to be going on this path, I don't want any advice.  So give it friendly aa bhaiya, this may be happening because some selected people who were Millennials who were born in 1985, who are now 39, who are from 1984.  86 Jinn have gone on your path, who are more in touch with me, none of them are happy, they said sir, no one told me, the circumstances were like this, many people are like this, na woh dil, yeh wale phir bhi aise, their reason to not get married.  Was Still There in a Wait They Fell in Love with Someone Didn't get married and didn't get along with her, then didn't want to do it with anyone These are the stories of these people who are now 907 Those of 98 and 99 are something different, they are a reason for global warming, how can they accept this brother, there are sexual dis functional issues, I agree that these are issues, brother, that too can be fixed, there is a breakup in the relationship with the doctor, there is a heart break, there is sadness.  Yes, that can also be fixed, it can be fixed, brother, it can be explained to him that it was not about you, it was about har har.  Choice is this story, I do some of these things professionally, many of these things can be set, but brother, it is difficult to ask this crazy person, I said yes brother, you only save global warming, you only save the earth, you are okay.  He is just saving you, you should get money, there is no cure, what is the actual reason, they do n't have the courage to live life, they think that they have to buy a good mobile phone, I have to pay for it, if I get married, I can buy such a house.  If I take it then my fun will be reduced. I am trying to tell you that no matter how many stories you have heard about a married man, section 498 is probably number 86-87 in the new code, the one who enjoys the most is no no, fights happen as soon as possible, divorce yes but then again. People like me have been bachelor also for some time ok and married also for long time so come and I interact with bachelors a  Lot and I discuss, look at it publicly, no one says anything about Bachelor, it is the center of everyone's life, it is very happy, less happy, less happy, neutral, sad, unhappy, unhappy, mid-mable, so Bachelors are from here to  In the midst of this, depending on how much bachelorhood is going on, how life itself is going on in life and I want to give a secret out also a little bit if you heard that secret.  So tell me whether you agree with ten secrets or do you think it will be true I am professing marriage for every buddy Sach Professing is not a correct word I am advising Ok if boys do not marry then they remain more unhappy if girls do not marry then boys The chances of you being a female and not ever getting married will still be relatively less than that of a man of vegetation.  You are listening to me, you can do it, I still do not force women because women still have the power to live alone, it is okay but I am not saying that they should also live alone, they should do it at least once.  If it is okay then it should be done once and if it is not right once then it should be done twice and if not twice then it should be done thrice. The site is so sacred that it is not in that thing, that thing should be discussed later.  Will do, people are afraid if it's a dozen  Work out a dozen work out then do second if that also dozen work out do third if not but it will take away all my everything Sara does not take everything the first thing and the second thing is that it does not take everything that is but more  Be careful in selecting, no, I will remain alone, so you are saying this, I will not play the game, it is like I played cricket, if the ball hit me, I fell, if I got hurt, then I have to learn to ride a bicycle. If you fall, then you will not be able to enjoy life. This is the thing, but isn't life all about this only? Life is not about this only. Also, everything is needed in life. Actually, it is not about any one thing, no one thing.  Can give you happiness all the time Some times loneliness is very good Some times bachelorhood is also good Are they married  People also stay a little apart, there is no such thing as he went away due to his job or went there and every time the wife gives happiness is not a correct statement, every time the children give happiness is not a correct statement, always give it but brother, it is not a correct statement.  When do you have to get back? At the time of Covid, it was revealed that no one in the country belonged to anyone else, only my own family was there, everyone else had given up and in many houses, the family was other wise.  The only thing you can look forward and fall back is family Family is what is permanent in life Religion can change Maybe not I am not saying it should be done but people do Many people religion changes You know the procedure Koi Kisi  Do you know how the house of a person changes? But he is not telling you to do it. It is possible that the citizenship of the country can change. You know, today we were Indians, yesterday we became American citizens, we were American, someone became British, citizenship also changed.  It is possible that religion can also change. It is okay, both things can change. How will family change? Family is always there, family is the only truth, the only constant. You can run away from everything but family is family when you are there any time.  You Will Have to Fall Back It's Your Own Family Your Own Siblings Parents Spouse Children So  Don't Give Up So Fast Some Times What Judge Happened I Will Come To Relationship Workshop I Have Hurt Many People In Life Understand Lot Of People Have Had Very Tough Relationships With Their Parents They Have Seen Their Parents' Relationship Not Quite Good Their Faith In Marriage Again They do not think that family can ever give them happiness, this is also a fact and once you unfortunately become  If you have many such children, then in this time life will again give you a chance to create your own family and not do the same mistakes when you become a father. Life gives you a chance again to live your own childhood the way you wanted and  You can live this life is very beautiful if you understand that you get a chance again to be the father.  You Wanted Your Father To Be And It Will Give You Comfort Be The Mother You Always Wanted To Be That Parent To Your Child And See Your Child Having Fun That You Probably Couldn't Because There's No Way That You Can Go Into The Past  And correct your anything it can't happen that trauma that emotion will go a little bit dark side I will stop this video right here Because after this the expenses seem like water, then it is okay if you want that relationship because I have a very good explanation beyond that because many things do not feel right to be said in the public domain because there are many sensitive people in India, it is okay to be sensitive too, video  You will come to know what people understand about sensitive and what it should be and what is the correct definition of sensitive. There are two definitions that I always want to correct people. One is selfish.  If one is selfish and the other one is sensitive, then many people have mismatch between these two. If you want, brothers and sisters, then write this also in the other wise comment section. You can also write in the comment section of RW Relationship Webinar or in my comment section. You can take membership of the channel. Because it will be free for them and they will have to pay some amount in other ways, it is okay, there is already a lot included in the membership, you can use it also.  Click on join button on Clarity for Youth Membership. You and membership are there and many more are good. Mental model, stock market, many webinars, you will get recording of all of them, so enjoy the membership. Thank you very much.