Hello friends, today we will discuss again a concept of fire, financially independent, retire early because it becomes very youtube0, then you will do happy after like this, go to some tourist place, stay there and life will become like this, then I want to discuss on this thing.  I think if this was such a concept then let's take a figure like two cr th cr four cr f cr six cr any y calculate  If we do and tell the person who is sitting on that figure, there are many people sitting in India and there are many people sitting in the world too, then why don't they retire, why do they work and the child who stays late, his father is like this and he starts.  It is from there that means he should not do any work, it is only sold that there is something with an ever heavy happy after like they used to show in old Hindi movies, in the end there comes a honeymoon like this and any English movies or old ferry.  There used to be tales of ever happy after. That ever happy after does not exist in life. So, instead of talking about the concept of fire, you have to calculate whether I should do such a thing that I leave my job as an athlete because that  You are tortured by your job. You go to any tourist place or a peaceful place or a good place and people say no, it is fun, then we will stay there, there is no one like that, I am about these tourist places. In the coming few days, I will also make videos about this fantasy that we are in a place of great peace, the air is coming very nice, yes, it feels good for two, four, five, seven days, it is okay, it feels good, after that you will get purpose and fulfillment in life.  What is needed is that which cannot be found here in the tourist places. Stay here for a long time and see. I will experiment and show it to you. Now let me explain this particular thing that how can you stay for how many days because that is the change of water and change of air.  The change of seeing the change of people feels good once but how many days does it feel good? How many days does it feel good because no one actually stays on a very sustainable basis like this because no one will get so much time otherwise it feels like this.  That is two days, two days, three nights, three days to four nights maximum, by doing this it seems that yes, we will live life like this, one day you are going and one day you are also coming.  If anything, you have only 48 hours in between to live your life. If people want to extrapolate that life, then you should not run after the concept of fire, you should not do any calculations, you should not do anything because of your aspirations. That too over a period of time, they will keep changing, what do you want today, what do you want tomorrow, you do not know what your children want, many people are preparing for the higher education of their children, it may happen if higher  You do n't have to spend on education because in India, athletic education is not giving any returns. People prepare for weddings, even weddings are not going on. You don't want to do weddings. You may have spent Rs 40,50,80 lakh for the wedding. Whatever savings you have done or want to do or you have started SIP or want to do something else, the actual expenditure on that wedding may be only Rs 5 lakhs.  Gift 30-40 lakhs to your child under NT plan, whether you keep the marriage running comfortably or keep it running well and we will keep giving you 5 lakhs-10 lakhs per year, we will give you for seven years whatever your expenses we have initially planned.  If there was a lot of things will change in the coming times, don't get into this Jorgs Sen, I will reach here, I will give you so many SIPs, you can do the best in that, as the ball is coming, two runs.  Two runs to Wally, one run to one run, six sixes to Marley, will you think too much or not, here I will make 350? You do n't know the pitch, which is the pitch of your life and what is the pitch of life, the environment is not in your control, macro.  Economics Just before this Covid came, now a geo political something is going on, in the future also geo political economic something is going on, it is not in your hands, what you have to do is beat the inflation  Try to do better than most of the people around and have a benchmark, okay try to do and be very intelligent in that because what happens is this person is you, he is doing better than you, so now you try to do this.  Couldn't do better but this person, I don't know, is investing money foolishly, I do n't know what kind of programs are there, what kind of stagnation are there inside you.  Then you were the one prominent thing in this, who was ahead, you were behind here, so what did you do in your mind that friend, here I am and my car is not going to go faster than this, you started your own small things and you told your wife. Someone has taken it and that wife was doing something here but she was exactly the same here, the housewife has taken it here after encouraging her a little, so as a package you have come here all at once and after awakening your understanding, intelligence, wisdom, consciousness, everything is fine.  you here  You can go here also from Dispina, you are only so far behind there, but due to the lot of programs running on your back end, you are going much ahead because of all these things, I give ideas to my members in the form of workshops.  I am telling you because it takes one and a half hour for each idea, making a video of one and a half hour sitting somewhere is not that easy and there is no two and four interaction because questions will also come and you will say, oh like this.  It doesn't happen like this, it can be good, it can happen, it can't happen, then there will be discussion on these things, you can take membership of me, you can take paid membership, my upcoming course is a Happiness Course 2.0, five classes, it will be an iconic course, do n't miss it, that Happiness Practical.  By living things in a practical manner, they will come easily in your life, then we will bring this happiness in your life. For that thing, you join, I debunk the concept of FIRE. You do n't have to waste your time at all, you don't have to run after your numbers, you have to increase your numbers, you have to count these numbers, then the person who is in 6065, when he stops earning money, then he has to earn this number, I should stop earning money.  How much money should I have, how much money should I have, how much money should I have, how much is enough, that is no answer, don't run after money, just do fulfilling things in life, money will come as a result of it in you.  We have to add income generating skills to the people, I will tell about this thing through many mediums in the course because there is no fear of money, the fear is that I do not have the skill, the one who has the skill does not have to do anything, very dear to you.  Is it Kishore 's type, is it Arijit Singh of Abhijeet or someone else below him, take a singer anywhere, sing a song, you will get money, you have the skill, no, they do not fear that they will remain hungry. Any skill.  Who can stay with you? What is the problem? People do not actually have skills. People are picking up the phone and making calls. Good morning sir, these people, sir, will you do it like this or are they doing a very humiliating job? Someone is coding, they are doing coding.  The world is doing that, you know that after a certain age, your eyes will ache, your head will ache, your soul will be sucked, this is some work and a new man will start doing better than you, that is why there is that fear and dread.  The fear is that brother, somehow I will reach that number and from there I will retire soon. This fear does not come in those people who have a sustaining skill, any skill which they can do till the last moment of their life and get money in it.  Can be because if you have fitted the jugaad to earn in your 60s then in 70 then the number which is required is actually very low to do.  Your Own Thing: We calculate these numbers as financial influencers, we take this number that brother, you have spent so much, this much is declared as corpus and then we do something with it at 4, 6, 8, so that it will grow and we will withdraw this much.  You will do this, this old American had also just brought out, now people like us, Ankur Warku ji and others, are now telling these stories which they had stopped telling 20 years ago.  Granted, they themselves don't follow all this because of the generation that has come and the generation that has come after her generation, there are people who are right now from 2011, they don't have to do a lot of work, the Millennials, the generation X people and those before them.  They do n't even want to do those things, now they have seen a simple thing like you, no man should marry no matter how much he wants and then suddenly he changed his decision, you were saying in 20-30 that I will not marry, so I will retire like this.  I will die, there is so much loneliness in life, you got married at 39, then where are the calculations, then at 42 you have a child, now where are the calculations, then calculations cannot be done because my mind is fickle. There used to be a dialogue between Pushpa and Rajesh Khanna.  The mind is fickle, now the fickle mind can start something at any time, it can do less, so our focus should be on our inner income generating capability, money.  Earn only this much and you should have this much wealth and glory, then there is no need to keep track of the small things, keep track of the big things. Don't keep track of the small things, how much is my petrol expense, how much is my driver's expense. How much is the cost of travelling, how much is the cost of food, if you don't care about such things then how did you like this video, please share it and we will keep bringing such topics for you. Thank you very much.