Hello friends, the topic is just because of you respect, respect, love, respect and like respect, I left it after doing just that, in which the bus is ahead, the video is very late, the video is settled, it will liberate a lot, will give you happiness and it will help you both, you are this human being.  It can be the one on the left or you can be both, okay, it means that just because you love someone, respect and care about him/her, then Jan means date, you bill on other think of date.  Anything of date the day after tomorrow can be first, this attention has the power to play out in many ways, your nearest relative may have an issue like your help because women worry a lot, I will tell you in this video, many people, you can identify them in this way. I am giving creative in this. Many times you get attracted to some celebrity as if it was a fan picture of Shahrukh Khan, it is okay, maybe you are such a mother, you are very worried about your children and you are worried all the time.  You worry about them and you do n't get the feeling, you don't get respect and you are thinking that you don't know what you have done to them, for that the person has nothing to do with the fact that you are thinking so much about his elders and that is what you respect.  You say to someone, I respect you a lot, I like you a lot, then he will be liked by everyone, thank you very match, now give me a free consultation, this is his livelihood but you are respectful, he asked for respect from you, so everything he wants  To  If you are giving respect, then nobody minds but respect is not being reciprocated. Date is what time you try to say three by five. Emotions are fruitless. Everybody needs respect but it is not less than free respect. You understand what I am saying.  If you respect him then he must have given you something, that's why you are respecting him, he shared his knowledge with you for free, you liked his acting, you liked his behavior, you liked his conduct.  You felt that the only person you were meant to meet was the one you worried about him with all your heart, so brother, if that person is your son, daughter, relative or friend, then you worried about him because he gave you some kind of emotional happiness or support.  With that, the same transaction has become a band, now you will not get anything additional, here people are busy in taking something additional, you say that people say that I have studied a lot about periods with children, there can be parenting videos too, though.  I am giving this as a template for other places also because what happens at times is that at the workplace or at some place, we respect a scenery or someone a lot, then we even think that if I respect him, he will not scold me, he will leave me or I will stop him.  If I like you, he will do it to me like this, there is nothing in it, there is nothing in love and liking to anyone, you cannot take anything from him, I am not going to do this, do it a lot, like it a lot, my favorite actor is my favorite heroine.  This is my favorite cricketer, do all the work but do not expect because of what is that disappointment, Katua has come, you have come because these are strong motions, people are raising them like this, everyone is a boy, just imagine a girl, I love you, that means I am mine.  Love you, I like you, I respect you, the girl will become his girlfriend. What should I say? This happens many times. What happens is that the boy is crazy about the girl and in the movie it is shown that you are chasing her.  Is teaching, is teaching, is teaching, right bill, you like because of you, lover, so match, someone write something of yours here, write something in your hand, someone write yes, just writing here for you, liking someone, you don't get that much ownership power. His is that of the individual and his is that of her and tomorrow when many people will come to you who will tell you I love you and respect you, you do n't know what they will take from you, they genuinely respect you, like you, they do n't even know you, you will be completely defensive. when he comes  It happens and then that man talks like this, yes, let's show, then the stammering man says that he is very rude because you have emotions for him on one side, you have created such people and you think that he also does not appear like this, this is I have seen a pattern in my consultation, the thoughts shown in many people are the same, I can create so match of content affecting real people because I have worked on real time consultants and real time people and this is what is crying in it.  Feeling sad and seeing him like me the third day after tomorrow I wonder what kind of off course even a consultant is like this I am not judgmental but I understand where it is coming from him to the next guy I invested so much in him I fed him I gave him this  When I went to his city, he didn't even ask me if I fed him because you knew how to cook, you needed his company, you needed time, when you were in his city, he did n't have time, he didn't even have to cook.  He used to order it from C's, once he even fed you, but you complained that the dish he ordered was not cooked at home, brother, he does n't know it, he doesn't have time, once he even ordered it from outside, but like you, it was sweet.  The dish and that advice and that good cutlery and if you can't do that then what will you do, I too will not reduce it again. This was your strength madam, this is the strength that you know, now by doing this with the world your life will be very different.  had power out  Because atlist only this appraising date you did but we but only and right this not able you reciprocated some other way but you want de reciprocation you happen in de se way but example you more like respect me but you respected him like  You liked and respected him, he did n't like and respected you next to him but he gave you something else 20 Satisfied with this date Don't message him  Think date reciprocity, whatever you will get will be found exactly in this thing - You invited me for dinner, I invited you for dinner, then you made me roam like this, I made you roam like this, you gave it to me like this, I don't play you out like that.  Because in real life, this is a subject of pain for many people, so I thought that I should make this topic so that you guys may be in some party, this is happening to you or you are doing this. My request to all of you, whoever you are listening to till now, is to write your ID so that I can be assured that you identify with this video, the ID is correct on this short and did you find it helpful or did you enjoy it and tomorrow  You feel this knowledge, which seems very abstract, this knowledge, you used to do it earlier also, not that what I told has happened to you, but by giving words to something and making it a topic, you can serve it to the world.  Me especially date, bring the same thing of I am number one clarity guru, now off course make these things a topic of discussion, then you people can add on it in the comment area that yes this happens with us, I do it like this  Do I deal or is it seen this way, brother, I used to know that this existed but you liberated me by telling me like this that next time it will happen to me, I will not be fooled under pressure because many people get under pressure just for the sake of it.  Because someone likes me, respect me, give me time, then I am duty on you to give us your likes, respect and time, I am not getting any value addition, nothing is happening in life and you are doing all this because maybe you you you you  You are doing it only because I am getting something and I don't want it after 1 limit and this transaction is complete for us, I gave you feeling, gave you something which you enjoyed and that is the end.  I don't give anything more date, it has already happened, if you understand it like this then life becomes Jhingalala Shakti, we everyday write our life in notes and then say to ourselves, I do n't know what is happening nor  No, I don't get it because he likes me a lot, because sometimes what happens is that I am very big, I love you, respect you, you can just walk in and say, please do this for me, you do it like this.  Ca n't go you don't have you fool guilty you prepaid date think it some other way and if there is famine in him then he will be satisfied and if not and if he files an offense then it is his problem it is not yours because every time if you are so touchy  Will you become sensitive and that kind of person? No, no, to me, brother, time will go away from your life, you will not reach the story, this is the D message, I hope you people will like the video and will understand that behind this.  Genuine Purpose: You will not find this thing written in books, you will not find it in foreign books, you will find it in Indian books, these are the solutions to the problems that people are facing which I am observing, apply them in your life and please like this. Please do share this video, thank you very much.