Hello friends, today I want to discuss one thing and you can write to me as a subscriber below in the comment section. Do you agree with it? If you disagree then you can write type D and maybe B then maybe it is because my new discovery.  You tell me and I will tell you one of my experiences why you should move away from and messages have started coming especially these good morning messages. Beyond this I will not even tell you psychology.  No, we want to connect with good morning message, there is no value being added every day, you give a blanket, what difference does the message make, mothers on family groups and then when this festival comes, there is no limit, wish everyone Happy Diwali.  If you can't do it by calling, do n't do it even by sending messages. Friend, they are all direct. Happy Diwali So and So are four names of two children, Rohit Neha.  Wishes you something, this is nothing, there is no need, this is an obligation. Secondly, what do I think is a joke? What makes me laugh, it gives me a stomach ache. It will happen to you too, I will tell you right now, and if it doesn't happen, then tell me, someone has come to whom.  Someone send your private message and wish you many, many happy returns of the day and if someone misses one half of him, perhaps he was a stronger friend, if he called directly and did not do everything speculative, then what is this pressure?  If we also put the first person then it will be understood that there is someone among that family group, extended family group, extended friend circle and class people or anyone else, today his number is his, rest everyone has his number, only then he is on the group.  Yes, you people, knock knock knock knock knock knock, there is no value addition happening anywhere, I am saying that a lot of time is being wasted and that is why you are just seeing it like this. [Music] You will get answers etc. on telegram.com because I got very upset, very upset. Okay, those who like, like the videos, they message me, those who don't like, troll me, they also do the same and  That liking and disliking actually has no meaning. In front of such a straight face, only Guruji can tell that brother, all this all this frills is for business, it is for money.  Not for getting good wishes, the one to whom this is happening is not my subscriber anyway, the one to whom it has to happen, so I am clear, who defines work, business, money, peace, joy, fun in life, these best wishes do not achieve anything, no, you do not have our best wishes. You don't need it either, you should get the best wishes of three or four people in life, every person has that much Zenon, this is what I teach you to live a good happy life, it is okay, regular.  Webinars will also be free. Again, you will find my group of Telegram in the comment section. You can join it. If you want to enjoy, please join that also and now work and useful talks will happen only on Telegram because useless people.  They may have gathered a lot, maybe after three-four-five-six years these people may also come together, but after three- four years it is something like the way a hill station does not become crowded.  Mussoorie or Shimla means there is no taste left there, then it is like that means you go somewhere in Coorg or Kodai Naal, it seems a little fine, someone says it is something like that, but there is no taste here now.  Pick it up if you have anything of 886 messages. Now how many useful messages are there in it? 24 Whose father will find it? Go and enter through it. There are 24 useful messages in 886. Rest all are like this.  If I am telling a practical thing, then the person becomes interested in it, you people, whether it is happening or not, if you tell, then you will make a slip so that if the etcher has to take the full rebate, we told you such a simple thing, take 10 lines on this and explain it in detail.  You can tell something like this to the youngsters or in a group that will be beneficial for them, say, this man is very intelligent, don't send him those messages, you should respect your parents, who should give the message?  It is the parents who are giving it, so are you not getting respect? Then call me directly and tell me, that is, by forwarding someone's that video and this one, now I also say many times, forward my videos to the correct audience, don't irritate.  Now do not forward my videos to such a place that it will mean I will get trolled because it is mine. You have to define your audience very well that is very very important.  So even if less number of people come to Telegram, useful people will come and as soon as Telegram is opened, it will know that 63 or 43 or 23 messages will be useful. Try it, you will find a lot of productivity this 2024 and you will get as many useful messages as possible.  People, all of you are on egramswaraj.gov.in and there I will talk intelligently about business, studies, writing, learning notes, money, stock market, this and that.  I will talk about the work and this is G from gurugram@gmail.com is the email id. If you want to take consultation, the fee is high and I don't expect every normal common man to take it and only the one who understands things should do it, otherwise it is okay.  Then there will be no benefit, okay if there is genuine requirement then you will do it and mostly everything is paid only, okay then it is free.  Help, I never speak, nor do I ever give. It's okay, neither have I ever shown. Now I am telling you openly and you also have to be like this. Free knowledge has no value and that knowledge is not knowledge at all.  If you keep getting it for free, then how will it become free? I have to make a video on this too, if you want because there is a popular user who is my team and who, after seeing my content, keeps making me ahead. Now I have also made a video for UPSC.  If he is right then he is wrong then tell me he is wrong Let's go, that thing is okay, I am always ahead, okay, so I was covering UPSC, so now they have put some scam coaching and watching money, so beyond that, if you want a detailed video, then I will tell you a detailed video, brother, beyond that.  How should we approach normally Mirchi? What are the people feeling in the society like consumers or subscribers or common man? They see a lot of people making money around them and they are not.  Able to figure out because they are going conventionally right now so anyone who is doing anything looks like a scamster right while there is no one who is a scammer right now either you can join or understand that or like this  If you can sit and do like him, then while speaking, I also got the idea that if you want to put it beyond those too, then Runu Mal is number one, YouTube0 is a YouTuber and he is the creator of all Runu Mal.  If you want clarity beyond that, please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.