Hello friends, let's discuss a little about the same thing that you should not have a credit card. The major benefits of a credit card are counted. There are some benefits of a credit card. I am not doing it but I am still going to discuss today why you should not have a credit card. You should not have one at all. He should get it done judicially, he should get it done in emergency, only by doing it he gets points, if we pay the money on time then there is no interest charged and there is a lot of profit, many people keep many cuts from here to there, I do it like this I want to give a different perspective because a lot of youngsters are caught in this cycle of credit card and they also get a lot of calls asking Sir, you need a credit card, do you qualify? By doing that, will you get any benefit? You will get some facility at the airport or on the launch?  And it is written to them that okay something will happen to you in the movie tickets or in the restaurant there is something or the other in the world okay so firstly I have covered all this which is sold by telling other benefits now I say why not  you should not keep it [music] it's done but the interest charged on it is GST levied on it, remember when you  Let me tell you that there is no GST on the base of a normal home loan, but here it will be applicable. Many people come to know about this. Secondly, with a credit card, we feel that we will garner points and we will take this thing on credit.  It is possible that next month you may find yourself in a situation where you are unable to make the payment. Then the cycle of interest starts and it becomes very difficult to get out of it. And you know the credit card people charge a hefty interest rate and the problem does not end there either.  The problem is that if some dispute occurs somewhere and you do not have the full knowledge of live and you close it or do not pay the money or leave it or there is a fight or you do something else, it reflects in your civil and  Many people cry later when they do not get the loan. The loan is available at 9.30 percent interest. It is supposed to be 8.30 percent and if the loan is repaid in 30 days, it cannot be repaid. So there is a problem and trouble which can be avoided by Potli.  I can go on but I would like to discuss a few psychology lessons on this.  I will tell you something, you people should understand it carefully, firstly it is a practical aspect because many people will think that if there is an emergency then in an emergency you should create your emergency fund, secondly in India family also gets involved in emergencies, however all these stories are not different  It is made according to America that there will be an emergency, no one is there for anyone, that is where the credit system has started, you people will always be made to get used to it, you should not buy any small ticket items with a credit card  It is not right to buy a house with a credit card. Small things are bought with a credit card; be it a mobile phone, clothes, dining out, going to the movies, all these things should be bought with the money you have and this  When you get involved in the matter of points then you are batting very, that means your batting is very bad, friend, your playing is very lazy game, you make yourself a person worth ₹1050 per point thousand per rupee, the psychology remains the same  And in that you have a stress factor that I have to make the payment on time, there are many stress factors of making the payment on time.  things happen ok but keep the stress on it, I have given standing instructions, then there should be money in the bank, I am telling you because if you keep an option for yourself then he will also have it brother, then that one will be there, the other will be there and then this  Point is, its payment through this, its payment through this will also be less, so do this thing, use your debit card less and these are the sources of increasing your money, these are the sources of adding value to yourself, your mind should be there for this, then apps will be downloaded.  The rest of the things will be downloaded, basically if the focus of your life is lost then there will be no bamboo, nor will the flute play, take the approach of cancelling the credit card afresh, the biggest risk of its benefits is that it will ruin the civil life of many youngsters because I  I also have a home loan, it is a vertical kind of work which I do, in this it can be seen that what was pending 4 years, 6 years ago, it is reflecting, now he will not say I will be very particular, I will be  very particular i will be  The history of the credit card, as you do a lot of it, how much you consume, civil also affects it, how much it affects the exact and gaurism, we do not know yet, how much it is positive or negative, but that is also a thing that this man Why is there a need to take credit for small things? Now I have tried to check exactly what the exact bill is, but there are many things that are not known. If you default, there will be a mendali effect.  It will happen, there is no doubt about it, at least if you default, then if you are put in a separate list of defaulters, it will have a huge impact, but without date also it is late for you.  Will after listening to your advice not to have a credit card and then you will be still there, nothing like this will happen, I will take it because I see it very seriously and I am totally in control, okay please write to me in the comment section, thank you very much