Hello friends, I want to give this clarity to the parents but I want to give it through the youth, so that's why I am posting this video on Clarity on Youth. The youth have to first watch the video, understand this thing, enjoy it, agree, like it and  Then brothers and sisters, you have to post it on your family groups, many people tell me that Guruji, if I post your videos, then they get angry, so many times you have to post it in such a way that look with hatred, what nonsense is this man saying, I don't believe his words.  I don't do it, but still people will listen and it will make a difference, so do n't panic so much, okay, you should definitely start sharing this video, there are two types of parents, two types of dialogue in everything, the old two types are addressing you.  Yes, brothers and sisters, if you are between 18 to 35 years of age, then I am addressing you. There are two kinds of parents. Tell me which one are you lucky to have? Which ones have come in your luck? One is the parents, these are in the majority and the other is the My first ones are in minority who always compare their kids  They keep doing this with other kids, what is the percentage of this majority? It may be 95%. No survey has ever been done. The government has not even taken a census till now. We don't even know how much population there is, but these parents always criticize  They do it to their children, I do n't know what is the reason, and many people do it publicly as well, one of them is to say it in front of the children and another one is to do it publicly in the park, through phone calls to relatives, my son is like this, my daughter is like this, oh this  So they do n't do anything, they don't say anything, they just do this and that and these parents enjoy getting sympathy from the society that our product turned out to be bad, yes it is amazononline.in delivery and father's should also be considered as your production factory So it is your own product, it is made from the genes of both of you, it is made from intelligence, it is made from values, so if it has been made, then do not reject them so quickly, this is the message because if you are doing this then  This is a message for you that whoever you call and tell this to in the society, Yes, I enjoy all these things a lot, it is fun, what we call in Haryana language, ghee gets dissolved, ghee from inside, ghee sugar, I enjoyed it, I used to think that your family is very great, I used to think that you are great.  I was jealous of you, do you have to say this about your daughter or this about your son, look, they gossip about their daughters-in-law, I will not go there, then my stomach gets upset, that too  It will keep going on, though you shouldn't do that either; that child is also a child of your house; whether it is your son in law or your daughter in law, he too is a child of your house; you shouldn't do that either, but friend, still you can do it that it belongs to someone else's production factory but here it belongs to you only it belongs to you only going to the park with relatives who are of a different kind parents this is very rare never make this mistake this is never wrong  Their children say, do this much, do this much, they will sing so much, my people had come, it did not happen, she calls a lot, no, she  He calls a lot, no, it is very good, they take it from them and these parents who are in majority, they also get very angry with them, they get very upset, these parents also are very sad but they never tell them, they always look for the positive  in your children and if your parents are of this category then you are a blessed child and majority of the people are like this, you are requested to show this video to your parents when you say something negative about your child, suppose he/she is not married  Or even if you are married, that thing spreads in the society, your merit list, your family has a merit list, there are relatives, in India we make merit lists everywhere, it makes a difference beyond that.  Business is affected, relationships are affected, there is also a brand image, today is the era of brands, every person has a brand in himself and that is very important, look at your children, tell a lot of lies, give a lot of false praise,  Sometimes it is not possible and I do not promote that either, but We can avoid criticizing, specially when it comes to your own thing. You don't criticize your maid so much, who is probably even more useless, whom you pay and she also doesn't work, because you will say that friend, why criticize her?  Which way will it be alright so why tell her then the same thing applies, the same thing applies for the kids also, there is a lady in your relatives, she is talking to her brother, sister-in-law, sister or  If anybody is doing this with anybody, with their friends, then telling them that my son or daughter is like this will improve your son or daughter or you are trying to shame them, it is possible that if those kids get to know about it  And they will become a hit, now they will say that you beat us in the society, you insulted us in the society, so now we are not going to do anything, this is a matter of great pain, I am the original social reformer of the society, you can call me a social observer, first you observe, then you  videos like this  Do you try to put original content on YouTube? Even if I have to say it twice, I am trying to put an emphasis and the children have to tell a parent that I am in a lot of pain, father, I am in a lot of pain, mother, I never go to such a place  I do n't say that you spent your youth in foolishness, I do n't know where you used to go to the boss to flattery, you used to waste time or you used to be busy with aunt, you were scared of your sister-in-law, you were scared of your mother-in-law, you never paid any attention to me and that  The Sharma aunty next door was so cute and nice, she used to take such good care of her kids, she used to make cakes, you did not have any skill, mummy ji, you just had to make rotis and half the time your vegetables were also like this You did not teach us any skill set, you did not know anything. The day the kids start talking in the same tone and tenor as the parents do, especially Indian parents, the parents will not know where to hide, but kids are very forgiving.  Yes, children actually feel pain, parents Look how much I am liberating in spreading pain, how much I am liberating by telling the truth to the society, the complaints are not resolved then the problem is that you got misbehaved, your body also suffered a lot but it was not your child's fault now  A child cannot come and make up for your lost time. There are many of us women. When I try to explain in such workshops, consultations or when I go physically somewhere and try to take lectures etc., many women say, what about us?  Guruji, you were crazy for doing all this, as per today's standards it can be said that you were crazy if you got this done because you did not have the courage and all the women were like this and the country was poor, now if someone says that 50-60 years ago  There is a grandmother who is now 80-90 years old and has passed away. If she were alive she would have probably been 120 years old. If she had come and told them that we were crazy that we used to go to get water when there was no tap, we used to go to get wood.  6 years ago this was seen in fair skin by all the people  Now after going to some village I got LPG cylinder etc. earlier even this was not there, so there are lots of people who suffered, females and males have suffered a lot, 100 years ago the country itself was a slave, which means they used to get whipped by the British, to be used to it.  This literally used to happen if people got flogged then what should we do now, what should this generation do, what should they do there, they will call them freedom fighters, they will give them something, they will do all that, they will give them respect but brother, no previous generation or next generation can go and change your life  One generation cannot settle the account of the atrocities of the previous generation and you are adding a new karma to this generation which is today's generation, the young generation, which is my subscriber of Clarity for Youth, by torturing this generation like this  Whatever harassment you might have faced here because of the legitimate or illegitimate country of the society, for any reason, these people cannot do anything and it is possible that you make these people like you and then this one  If the next generation does this to the next generation, then it will be the misfortune of the country. This needs to stop at some generation needs to realize that it does not work like this, constant complaints, constant complaints, it does not happen to us, do it, don't do it, don't do it.  Very clear that brother you live with us, these things are not right, if it is worse then tell us like in America, please, you are 22, 24, 25 years old, please go on your way, live wherever you want, this constant crying Keep them together, cry, control them, tell them, it has made everyone very confused and the youth also has this, brother, if you have self-esteem and some strength inside you, then do something of your own and show it, do n't cry for 24 hours because of your parents' crying  If your parents are crying then no one can cure their crying. If your parents don't like you or they feel disgusted with you, no guru in the world can cure this. It is in your hands.  is in  Either go away from them and start doing your own work, if you will live on their crumbs, grow up in their house, eat their bread, then after you turn 22, 24, 25, then this is what you will have to hear, brother, it is possible that these parents know  Do you do it after asking her or torture her so much that she leaves the house without any effort, that may happen but I still want to say this, there can be a civilised way of doing it, it can be said lovingly, she is your daughter, yours  He is a child and can be told lovingly. Never ever compare your child with anybody else's child because if he compares their parents with you then you will not understand. You will not understand where should we go now.  If you are facing any problem then please spread this message, do it with positivity in the comment section, Art of Decision Making, Pre Marital Consultation, these are my workshops, these are very good, people have seen them, they have benefited a lot, if you are a youth then please can take them  There is something equivalent to the cost of a lot of pizza  In many cases it is even less than that, so take it and improve your understanding because many people are unable to make decisions and because of that there is a feeling of being stuck in life, so please you can take the membership of the channel Or you will find the link in the workshop comment section, you can purchase it from there. Thank you very much.