Hello friends, today's topic is Wrong Calculation, Dan by Most Financial Influence on YouTube Regarding Retirement, what mistakes do people make about retirement, because what is the point in life, I also do happiness course, I also do other things, one happy, one practical.  You also need a question, many people are of the opinion that it is okay to buy raw vests on SIP or get them on email or it is not okay to go anywhere like Starbucks.  Why do you want to drink coffee for Rs. 400? Why do you do this? If you save like this then it will happen like this. If you save like this it will happen. Then you will save money like this. Then a day will come when neither teeth nor hands will remain. Okay, it seems golden ahead.  It is not golden, retirement is a very very problem, it is not golden, I want to tell this because it is not about Mani because you guys know that I do very little else.  By now, my audience knows me brother, when old age comes, when retirement comes, it is not that now everything has become less for you, your wife is in trouble, her health is bad, money is being demanded for the married life of children, give me money.  Give something, because in India it does not happen that one has seen one's own life, it is a different matter if it is America, it is okay, your age, we will see it will go away and ultimately we have to go to the old home, it is not like that now.  You give all the formulas of America's content. Those who are 40 here are making some plans for their retirement at 30. They will not be working in India [Music] At 55 or 60, if you stop wishing, then date premise needs you.  Question: Why should I live my life in such a frugal manner that I can spend only 55 minutes and then I have to live for 95 minutes and I am short of money?  And I did not enjoy anything by tightening everything, brother Kant I said no, I will reduce it till 65 years, I will reduce it till 70 years, even till 75 and I will establish such a system where my assets will give me cash flow. Instead of getting into financial assets, I keep giving, because this is a very, very important thing, it is getting very messed up. In all the videos on retirement, just like you see, give your retirement a little 5.  Years will delay you can bomb very comfortable plus you really don't know what your aspirations will be you really are not your retirement will be can you remove these 56 things from your calculations which put pressure on you sadanasonially make you a millionaire too  I give it to everyone, if these people can't make it, I'll make it for myself. Write down that it's not a boy, it's a girl. Brother, you can spend money on your child's marriage. You can do it right.  It is yours, it will not work, it will not work, there is no guarantee, no, the rakhi is made of gold paste, it is only worth Rs 18000, it was going for her for so many years, tell me about her marriage, there is no marriage, I will not do this, this is a girl, this is a boy.  Do n't just spend it, why spend it? The next man is very talented, he is the one who is getting married today, 99% of the marriages are taking place, boy up to 40000, 20 30 40 50 thousand, girl this  Is it happening that a boy with a salary of Rs. 3 lakhs is getting married to a girl with a salary of Rs. 2.5 lakhs? It is much less than 1%. I am telling the numbers of the entire country, so where to spend the money, the tension must be raised, who knows in the future.  Your children will invite you to the wedding, whom should you marry, what to do, you are preparing for that and for that, go to Starbucks now, feed the child also, I am not promoting it in myself, I am not a father, it is better to go and think somewhere else.  Is there any affiliate marketing of mine, Rakhi Hai, my name came out of my mouth and take the name of some fancy restaurants, you spend money, movie is fine, then if you are not bhogoge, then you should donate your teeth, no one can do Indian, if you know then your children.  We can do it for them, we will kill our own blood, okay then do a cutter for them, save it, if you do n't do all this then it will never be destroyed, we don't know what is the financial economic system, you are buying gold, you are buying real estate, you are taking everything and yours.  As such  Look, to withdraw your money, if I have to withdraw money from you in any way, if I take it, then if it is in real assets, it is difficult to withdraw, but if it is in air type, then it is easy to withdraw, suddenly some news will do the valuation.  A brother went and reported that brother, this is what the company is doing, everything was known in India, everyone knew everything, what is happening, there is nothing new in the report which was not in the public domain.  gave and he did something and printed the report  Gave him how much money was due to print the report, where did that wind go, where did all those lakhs of crores go, where did those lakhs of crores go, some were promoted, 2075% were his and the remaining 25% were also said in the remaining 25, I do n't know how much was his but someone 's fourth common man.  It must have belonged to someone, how will it go, how will it go, you people have to think big about this thing, you have done clear retirement planning, you have married a girl, the market has fallen by 25%, it has fallen by 20%. Now what will you do with all the returns like this because of marriage not waiting no marriage can wait marketing at the right time retirement not waiting at the right time which country will bomb which country what will happen you can not predict right  Give everything in this link you date date dajunt min date you don't invest I am not coming all over saying you are not I always tell us to invest everywhere  There is no need to leave any asset class, we have to invest everywhere, but it will be good for us, as the economy grows, if the base increases, then the growth may not increase that much. If a child taking 90% goes towards 95%, then it takes a lot of 5%.  In increase and 45%, the one who takes 50 will get 50 just like this, if father gives a little help, he will get 45 to 50, if he listens to the teacher a little, then 55 will be earned by doing some hard work himself. If you go with us, then a child with 45% can easily go to 60, but a child with 90 to 95 does not know how much has to be increased to increase two or two percent, so the date is going to happen, you see, this is their America's economy and  What happens in them is what I am telling you, if it is a formula, then whether you do Assam or not, the party will continue like this and the rates which they run by sajium are financial insulin sir, till your retirement.  If you get 12% then you will get 14%, you will get it or you will not get it, this is what I am saying, you will not get it for 2 years, 3 years, 5 years, you will not get it again, all these ajmpetions are wrong of yours, please do this planning for 30 years, don't plan.  Give me more 3 to 4 years, this is my message - Everybody wants retirement. If you are collecting a little from your nearest rivals, your relatives and friends in the present.  So see that you will earn money in the future also and you need to stay above the general public, just if you are middle class and you are protecting the middle class in your middle class that I can support the maid, her salary will increase.  As for that, we are not catering, we do our best so that everything of ours will increase but nothing else of yours will increase and tomorrow there is no idea of ​​aspirations as to where the expressions will go and the biggest thing.  The biggest problem in retirement planning is that the children do not know who is going to go where and what they are going to do and we are Indians, we cannot leave our children like America, 18 year olds are not kicked, even 28 year olds are not allowed to do so.  Do you know whether it is a boy or a girl, what are you doing for UPSC, who gives food, father, who gives clothes, father, who pays tuition fees, father, who pays the phone bill, father, internet, father, you have to watch a movie. Even if you want to have a girlfriend or boyfriend, then father, cut that and that too, you tell me, the one whose child is settled at 21-22 and starts earning money, what is the problem of his father's retirement and then he says that I am not a spendthrift.  Son, enjoy her marriage, don't spend money on your marriage. I have made assets, I will give them in your name, I will give you money before also, I will let you enjoy, but if you do n't spend money, then you will also be like this.  People may think, tell me how did you like the video, please share it and this is a misconception which I will call out and I am not trying to make personal attacks by criticizing anyone, okay but I am telling this because if someone tells this thing like this  No, he is scaring you, also you are a doctor, an astrologer, no ad can do any less than anyone without any rate, this is also a fact, this will happen to you, that will happen to you, only then the man acts and even then.  No  If you are harsh then it is fair, it may actually be fair, but look at the bonds of fair, you see this, friend, I don't know, no one knew in year 2000 what the jobs will be like in 2023, so how will people prepare you children.  For a job, the job gets changed in 7 years or 8 years. Now your child is a secret, I don't know what is going to happen next, because if I look at the teachers, then it is artificial. I am a student and I say, ask me any question and I get it ready and say that I need a teacher, how will everyone start doing their project work together and asked, I know after giving 4 GB, I took a printout, these days it is the same printout, printout.  Out project work in schools do you know kya naam rahe gaya ok to think what I am trying to say it is a dynamic world changing very very fast and we have you can not plan more give 5s 3S  C Just Can't You If in 2015 at the age of 16, anyone had thought that some type or thing would be achieved, it could be work from home or it could be something else, the only thing that is important is family and home and emotions and heart.  You need a roof for your child, you need security to live, you need a house to get married, there will definitely be a demand for a house from the girl's parents, like it or not, this is it, if it is going well, then this thing is one.  Practical living is the rest, who knows about retirement, where will the accounts be settled, what will happen, maybe you will keep doing less, after retirement, you have become something else like a consultant man, you are doing less and for the sake of your mind, if you want to do less then don't.  Get too much and repeat content is happening, one kind of picture was not made as if he says make something different, do n't think the public is stupid now because look here too there is public. You have to select and reject a content right in the comment section, this one, tell me a lot, friend, tell me how much, do SIP of Rs 500, then increase it by 10% every year, it does not increase, 10% tax for 10 years, inflation is increasing and there is no loneliness.  Is increasing and how can I increase it by 10% every year when it is 10000 15000 20000 30000  If there are 40000 fans then it increases but brother, when the one who has 5 lakh rupees, it again becomes ₹ 4 lakh, the one with 4 lakh is getting 3.30 lakh, the one with 3.5 lakh is getting exempted, this is also happening, you have  You have done a very simple stick calculation, 10% is a big deal, can't you increase your savings? If you are saving ₹1000 a month, then ca n't you save ₹1100?  Maybe after a year if you are saving Rs 10000 then will it be Rs 12000 next year? It's something like that. Had you not heard of that, then fold it once, then fold it twice, after folding it 32 times, people will cross a few lines, that means all the calculations are shown like this.  You give on excel by doing 1 + R tu di power n but here power tu di n do not do that how much savings will be there in WAN plus WAN tu di power n, I am saying that  If you hit a salary, then that salary also starts turning upside down and that is what is happening in India, no one is teaching you, think about making money rather than saving money, saving is important but saving will not make you rich today.  No one has become rich by saving money. If anyone has, tell his name, but it does not mean that it is not necessary to save money. No one has become rich by not saving money. This is also a fact.  Okay, so this is basically to tell you, brother, how much do you guys have to focus on and where do you have to look, I tell you my resources and income stream because I am a cash flow person, you are plotting and investing which you cannot enjoy every month.  In the stock market, Rs 1 crore becomes two, Rs 2 becomes Rs 2.2, but you can eat it by spending it, you can give it to me, you can roam around because you have supported the tax and then you will feel that the rate will increase further. Where's the cash flow, where's the income steam, where's the income streams that I can actually spend on my life style and  Everything in Capital is Protected and Increasing You Can't Leave on Absolute Investment Because You Don't Know When You'll Back  Today you catch a hold of a 65 old other time, it's okay, when you talk, he will say, I am leaving now, I don't want anything, my age is okay, but as soon as it comes to his money, you can't date him F or date C. Whatever sour bond he has kept, now he does n't know the specific thing, he will have to live till 95 and this is his right, but he has inflation 8% 9 sour, he doesn't know, the government says North.  In India it is said that because there are aspirations in it, it is not being calculated in numbers, okay, this also you people have to check, okay, so you have to think in note, Mani part's mine is this much and it will become this much like this.  I am not going to do that, the calculation is wrong, no, I have generated so much return stream, money also from income or from different things and this stream will remain and it will keep increasing and I don't know how much it will be but I will generate it multiple times.  I am doing it and I am involving it in my next generation so that they understand the stream, recognize it, watch it, protect it and expand it because there will come a stage when you too will become like this in old age, no one is telling you about those things. But I will make a video of this one, please share how you did, thank you.