Hello friends, I have seen a very interesting trade, I bring the trade first, by the time the form of train data is prepared, I am very scared, I will keep the trade first, understand, bring this channel first for you people, yes.  This is my middle class series, so you know that the videos are making a lot of noise, a lot of content is being tried to be copied, it is getting closer but it is original, this topic is original, today's topic has come in this one.  It's a tough time for the middle class children and the employed people or small businesses. Why are they not doing anything? This trade is clearly visible. Something is going on for the poor. Everyone seems to be doing less for the rich. The middle class has always been good.  What I am going to tell today in the class is that I am going to tell which middle class parents currently have a thought process due to which Jain ji, who is yours, is a youngster, they are hesitant in reducing the story. They are dying, they are not able to understand, a general pattern is seen today catch hall of others 21 22 23 and what are you doing, what do you want to do, I do n't know what to do, tell me a pattern of this, this is the ranking ranking of a middle class. Cry understand, I will tell you something less professional. You, I am telling you that staying connected with me and agreeing yes and yes is correct because the truth is hidden in this itself. If it is said that politicians are thieves, then if no one says anything, then the politician is a thief.  It is not necessary to become a politician, it is a thief's favorite time pass. Our businessman got all the thieves, so brother, the shopkeeper got it for Rs. 45, so it is expensive, so he is a thief, he took it for Rs. 40 from the distributor, it is okay, it is less than that from the distributor. Then the manufacturer, that supply chain is only a saree supply chain, if money is needed then the saree supply is a thief, the one making it is a thief, the one selling it is a thief, the one keeping it is a thief because middle Classes were hardworking and she is bringing them, so why is she saying that instead of 50, she should have sold it for 30, it would have been fine then that would have been right, so there is a thought process, something has to be done in Bollywood, so you know that nepotism is there.  Moral issues remain, shoes of morality remain, then there is also the issue of religion and religion, so you have written it off, it is okay, do n't exclude it, then let's move ahead Doctor, oh Doctor, someone has also come forward.  These people also indulge in such theft, not all do but such allegations have been made that the education system of India is ruined, the education system is also ruined from which these middle class children have emerged and they do not even want to join it because  They themselves ruin with their own mouths, all of them on YouTube are also frauds, they are useless, influencers are like this, so no one wants to be here too, because if you go to a stage, you will sell your program or the other.  If you want to do something then the man will do this, you will do this, so earn money here, I don't know why people think that they come to do social service on YouTube or at all those who have it, they come to the thought process again of the middle class, which is what they have done. Their child cannot become like this because this is also not considered good because father and mother will not celebrate the thing, will not clap, all the government employees are thieves, they are also worthless, if they are government employees then they are thieves.  They are useless, this is a set pattern, it is a different matter that even then ISC has become, I will discuss completely and tell you a little sarcastic video, this is the hypocrisy of middle class, jump, have bin de topic, maybe maybe I have changed de topic later on, also defending on.  D Situation, I said something first, I also said something, okay, so I am explaining the hypocrisy to the society, to you, the middle class who is my audience, I am explaining the hypocrisy business.  They are thieves but if our children do their jobs then it is okay, the government is a thief, government employees are thieves, this is how it happens in the government, it is the initiative, the road is for the road, it is the government but we have to do the government job, is it leaving anyone and whom?  Whom do you curse, tell me, it is random, what I am telling is my favorite real estate developer builder, all this theft is happening, it is injustice, this saree is happening with the middle class, now it is being built.  Class does not allow him to go into the field of power. In real estate, everyone is a thief. The education system is corrupt. Politicians are thieves. The story is about Murli. People are finished. The story is about people being corrupted by money. If you have taught this to the children, then brothers and sisters. If we live in India then we will go to the lower class because if the rest are below this then we will belong to the lower class because you will not call a sewerage worker corrupt, you will not call a rickshaw puller but he is yours.  A child cannot become the one who can become your child, you have rejected all the dishes, you do not get respect for the story in it, you do not get the responsibility of it, then you yourself want to move your startup towards color, is it ITM or whatever program you want to do, whose  For which company, for those products which have thieves as promoters and businessmen who steal, then this hypocrisy has entered the mind so much that the middle class is saying that the parents are saying that the mother knows that the son should speak.  There are some things like showing teeth, different from eating, but this new generation is taking it at face value. This is the genuine generation. Children are always loved, good and complete, as long as they are not allowed to spoil them at all, parents.  There is relief among those of the generation above those who are roaming around, crying about their job and less. If you are an employee in the government and you earn your living from your job, then your child will not go to the government because it has never given you happiness. See if you make money in business GST was looted, tax was looted, husband also lost my water, if this job is better than brother's then your child will not go into business, then uncle will tell uncle, you don't even do government work, then he will tell you that this is you. Don't do anything else, he won't let you do anything, he has painted all the people black, so no DIY, personal fool, children sold from middle class people, no questions about parents, I will make a video, it's ok now, job, money  Respect is there to earn, not for respect. No one is getting it. This is the problem in India. Only one person is getting respect. Only one person gets it and he is not ready to sacrifice his life for it. Everyone is their soldier.  They respect us, they are very good Indians, they are very good at discussing, we all abuse but we call our soldiers as brothers and this is a very good thing, Jaspal, soldiers and farmers come to the country with respect, see more vacancies.  There are so many who do n't want to become farmers at all, and for the rest you have to take exams and there is no vacancy limited. I said yes, I have to go, so I will definitely go, so I have to do UPSC and if I want to go to the lower level, then so be it.  You have to do your bravery there too, that 4 year long process, the problem is that the bush is respectable, you don't want to go there and wherever you want to go, you call it dirty, dirty, useless with your mouth, so how can you say so?  If you have a dish, tell me, but the house is dirty, it is dirty, Dal Makhani is Gandhi, Roti is Gandhi, Mishri, Roti is also Gandhi, Rice is also dirty, Biryani is also dirty, Pulao is also dirty, this is what you will eat, what will you eat, not porridge, even porridge has been spoiled, no, we are very  They respect eating Khichdi. Mother does not respect Khichdi. If you understand then there is no profession in front of children where something goes wrong. There is no profession where there are no good people.  Sometimes they happen, they should be celebrated but you cannot become them, so next time when you cry in the front, then you look below and those below you, the lower class is coming up, all the things that the lower class used to do are coming up.  Now they are also entering into the domain of the middle class and the middle class has already declared them that here they are worthless, they are thieves or it means yes, they are not respected that much, then the child.  What are you waiting for for your children, then they say, then what happens and you will realize yourself, relatives will reduce their friend circle, they will go there in a foreign country and Indian middle class are ready to do it at 5% off. Read more  They get some good jobs by writing. 95% of the middle class kids leave India because the lower class people cannot work here. The middle class has declared that nothing is good, so they go and work in a foreign country.  Do we reduce the class, do we do it or not? Brothers and sisters, please write the solution in the comment section. This is the simple stop bed mouthing. Anybody in India is adopting the same thing which is their profession. It is like this outside also, there is a lot of noise there as well.  This is bad, there is nepotism here, are government teachers considered good, what is the situation, tell me, which profession do you consider very great from local politics, in your eyes, please comment in the area.  Write that the people and the working people have been sucked inside the corporate sector, whom you had earlier declared that they all came out of this hypocrisy, the middle class is this, give it a de-request, only your next generation will pick up the bill, something because if they too start up.  If you want to do it, then they have also become businessmen and when you make them more stars in the startup, then take out all the parents and brothers from yourself too.  40 50 60 70 lakh PF, pour petrol, break your HD, break the mutual fund and give it to the children, Papa, it is over by the evening, sorry, there is one thing, there is noise, something can be made as per your wish, asked your broom, the utensil will do it on its own and the noise is its hundred percent okay.  If yes, then there should be no shame in doing all this.