Hello friends, there is a message for the youth why you should not consume short form content and spread this message, although I am not trying to make it in 1 minute but it will not be too long and those who are not very youth.  If you are doing this then I will tell you why, but there is a lot of waste for the youth, there is no limit to it, it is like you should eat a balanced meal, proper food.  You should eat, you are eating all that, you are eating only snacks, sometimes you eat this, sometimes you eat this, sometimes you eat this, your stomach is full and you are not getting full anymore and you are also eating junk food. The biggest problem in this is for the youth.  Those who are consuming a lot of content are coming, they are consuming short form content. Sure enough, there will be a lot of shots to be seen, there will be a conclusion, then there will be some take away, there will be some learning, there will be some method, some So if you are doing this too much to learn something, then you are thinking that if I watch a big video then it will waste a lot of my time and if I watch 10 small videos then I will take a lot of information, but the word is information wisdom.  You will not get knowledge, you will not get knowledge, only information will come, before information comes knowledge, after knowledge comes wisdom, you will never reach wisdom. Quickly come to two stocks, buy this one like this, see the next one, then two things which you should not do, one thing should not be done like this and it goes away after doing this because there is no need to give any more knowledge to the creator in it than from the book.  Got a punch line somewhere and made it quickly and it started working and it is very easy to become a creator like this. If you like videos like I do, you can create long form content. 15 20  If you have to shoot for 25-30 minutes, then the editor's requirements increase, you have to know the script, you don't have to worry about it, it's not easy, it's not easy, although I am like Amol Macho, there is grace, something comes out and it becomes mine, but when new.  If a person starts making it then it is not easy but since it is not easy then not many are doing it so everyone is going through this  Short route, tell us in 4 minutes, tell us in five minutes, quickly, hey, where did you reach so far, brother, do you remember those 18 years in school, how much time have you wasted, that teacher did not come, that games period happened, that interval happened, then it became useless.  Teacher came, he wrote something, how many questions did you write, then you wrote the answers again, then you did the homework, then you did the project, you know how much of life you have done that, now your time has become so premium, now you have to release.  I am not telling people to watch ridiculously long content and waster of time but only big content has to yield something, if you have tried any creator 2, 4, 10, 15 times, you are not able to understand it, like a book is very good but you don't understand it.  If it is coming in then you will not follow it but the small one will not do any good, the big one will surely do good, this is also not a guarantee and that content can also be useless but small  In fact, your mind's own processing will become so bad that you will not be able to talk at any level, you will not be able to develop communication skills. People have written many comments in my videos after watching my videos and what I also tell in the workshops. I also explain under the courses that a structured thinking is very very important in life. This information knowledge will help you in doing this work today and that work tomorrow but in any  Bringing the information first, discussing it, doing first order thinking, then looking at its second order effects, then going to those third order, if not till fourth fifth sixth, then that is one way a person can explain through a long video and through this your  Communication is better because communication is nothing. Understand the statement carefully. You guys are the waiters. Thoughts are the cook. Food is being cooked here. The tongue is the waiter.  She works as a waiter, whatever will be served, the thoughts will come out from here and if she is busy here and there is anxiety here that she has to tell me quickly, tell me quickly, then she does not feel like it, she will not be able to process that quickly and from here she  It will come out, it will have no meaning, people are focusing, what is coming out of the tongue and we are making everything small as a result, attention span is less, going with someone, outing, dating, girl.  You have to select the boy, you have to select, it is not just a pause, it is not a structure to check whether the person is good or bad, it is not right for me because everything is short content, which is your habit, it seeps into every aspect of your life. You have done this, analyze this video carefully and what I am trying to tell through this video has happened to you in everything, due to this your patience levels have gone. Every time something is being taught, it is all punch line. want to go to  That is, if comedy is happening and the jokes are good, then people want that too in short form, just tell the punch line, tell it quickly, do not tell the role, it does not happen like that, if ever something like that happens.  To get the meaning of the line, some background is needed. You are not interested in this background. This line will not take you anywhere. That is the message, so please make yourself aware of this thing. Do not deliberate in your mind, what kind of content do you consume?  Think very carefully about who you follow. Think very carefully about whether they are taking you from one place to another. This is very important. Everything is just for entertainment. You are not getting anywhere. Why a long content is serious content important.  The content is that if you are watching that creator, then you are feeling a journey that when I started watching it, I was here, then while listening to him, while listening to him, I thought something.  Made notes, made changes in some thought process and I reached here. Reached here and I am realizing that I will reach here when you feel like some content is improving you and by giving that content you are not doing that.  Is there any information in the reels that you want to impress someone, you want to impress someone with it and by thinking of motivation by hitting a dialogue and hitting a punch line, then that is a very superficial level.  If you are not reaching anywhere then I hope you will not run away from this short content. I too am small, many people have advised me that I have made many youtube3's and I have made them as well, but after giving them, I released that no, their quality is off.  That subscriber itself is not good because from the short content you come to the big thing of your long content, they will go away after abusing, trolling and going away, you have no patience, you have taken such people.  You go to a fine dining restaurant, you have to eat good food there, you will have to wait for half an hour, otherwise go to fast food, go to Magdi, you will get work like Magdi, if you don't have the patience to eat good food, will that be yours?  We will keep it after making it from the old days, just leave it and give it to us. Whatever good is being made at home, mom is making it, wife is making it, you are making it yourself, so it takes time, so you have to have some patience in making it.  Will it be necessary? For that thing, people need to bring their patience in nature, they will have to spend some time and yes it is possible that the video was of 12 minutes and 15 minutes and some great things were learned in it in the 10th minute and in the sixth And you can speak in hindsight, by editing it great, you make it only four minutes, so that was the point, that thing is not understood, that thing is not understood, you don't do such a thing.  You can make videos yourself as a content creator, see how much pressure comes on you, just tell me in two minutes, tell me in three, just tell me in short, tell me in short, tell me in short, till now no one has time, one and a half to two hours.  Workshop will be a part of membership only, you will not have to pay separately for it, so you can take membership also and whoever takes it can connect.