Hello friends, today's topic is ' Youth is so afraid of taking decisions'. My personal consultation. From a lot of experience, I am telling you what I am feeling right now. This is the new generation, the children below 30 years of age.  Are too nervous to do any thing: Which subject to select, which job to select, whether to marry or not, to do with this, to have a relationship with that, to do with this, to buy property with this, to buy that.  Buy, it is costing a lot, I am costing a lot, this rate is so high all time in India, if you see one thing, India Today in 2023, we are sitting on the peak of the economic progress that our country has made, okay, it was not there in 1980, 70s.  I was not in the previous generation, I was not in the 90s, why is this generation being judged, tell me, why is this generation being judged? Okay, so brother, I have come from being judged by the previous generation. It is this. Mostly de feeling of de previous generation which was born in 1560 and early 70s de they are like this their anything you look at the thing till your age I have so many children de we go to school to study like this de tere ko pata hum to  Now in the story, today's generation can never beat the previous generation and now this generation, I told you that it is a syndrome.  It is responsible for the new generation to be able to take this decision. I had said that consider 150 things to be done in a day and if a person punches four of them and one of them gets spoiled etc. then I had said that you have even more.  125 Sis I achieved some success in life by doing what I told you not to do. Nothing bad happened, no one tells who will talk about it. It's in my heart that Papa and Mummy have given me this, so if something goes wrong then I will just say it again.  Insults will be reduced. In India, a lot of middle class people do not want to get married in big cities. This is a phenomenon. It is okay in that also, if a boy or a girl comes according to his choice, then do it for us. Yes, I love him.  By typing love every time, the parents are encouraged to do this, this is not right for us, brother, he is getting married, what is less, you will be sitting on his mind for 28-29 years, thinking that we will tell him then he will not get it, it is not that good. get  Then he remains a bachelor, so what I want you tell me is that you are afraid because of being just your parents first of all did less things they gave head extremely let's choice If you have only choice to watch Doordarshan then which is the wrong serial  Look people, where will your time be wasted, where will you feel that your frame is missing, you have Mahabharat and Ramayana at 9:00 and you know watch it on Sunday.  You did not have a choice in life, so there was no decision making about clothes, but at this point, the choice is what combo capacino watch to wear, what mobile should I take, how should I take this, how should I take that, what should I look like, if you go to buy glasses then there are only 50 types.  Not only this, I don't understand which thing to buy and which thing to buy, take me to buy a pen, any thing of yours, go for anything, the choice is so much and no decision gets torn, it becomes terrible, that was there for the previous generation too.  Otherwise, it has not happened to them, it is happening to this generation, so you have to understand that no, this generation is not taking a decision at the same time, whatever is taking your life forward, yes, you can go by bus, now you can cycle.  But if you are going, then the decision has gone bad in comparison to that, you will use the net, but brother, if you are walking then you are going on a bicycle, then you have to collect money from standing there, this is for you to see, More Financial Blender Tankha  There is no money, there is no earning, what will you lose, so collect it, you do things, collect, you take decisions and quickly learn with their mistakes because this will serve us as a big base for your future life which will be 13 14 because Papa Mummy In the eyes of some, the decision is not taken in order to avoid any disturbance, but it is your responsibility to handle those who are not able to perform at 34. Life will tell you that your parents will always be there, they are giving advice according to their system, witch system design work other more in 2023 operating software, if I don't do theirs then something from devil, witch movie, we will not understand how to handle decision making if  You are worried about two-four things; relationship is the second, financial is the third, job is the third. All three affect you personally but do not affect your parents. Which marriage do you marry? This is your problem.  Can't it be your parents' problem, they make it out like a date, no, we don't like it, it is not set with our family, it is getting set with you, if you like it, then what about the parents, if it happens with them too.  It is a very good thing, but what is happening with the parents is not set, the one who is not found, the one who cannot be found, then the marriage is not happening, then the marriage is not happening, then there is no harm to the parents. you are here  Singles are roaming around, parents are being followed in life, they have enjoyed Kumar Ashram well throughout their life, they have enjoyed their marriage well, they have enjoyed their relationships, they have given birth to children, they have found reasons for their crying, they have found reasons for suffering in life.  Time has passed, theirs is over, what about you? So, those things for which you have to bear the brunt and whose happiness is yours to get and sorrow is also yours to get, don't look at the parents in it, do n't look at the parents for the financial decision. If father has never invested money in the stock market, never invested in mutual funds, he does not know what is cash flow, what is rental and what is construction today, what is small flat and what is appreciation. What is leverage? People can't buy a plot in a big city. If you don't have money, take the money. Brother, make it black and white too. You have to take a loan. The loan shark was not going to give you cash. That thing cannot happen.  If it is not possible then that has to be done, the father said no, son, the plot is good because we have seen that the land is ours, such a system has been made, now the child's syllabus has become such that he cannot do it. Wants to buy a flat, gets it, has a loan in the budget, can take it, father told me land, I can't buy it, father is not giving more than Rs 20-30 lakh, so where will it be bought, if I go to buy it then the year passes because you are busy in your job.  concentrate on  You start doing this, the flat you were getting was increased for Rs 1 crore, now you are getting Rs 25 lakh back from your father, he has increased the decision making from you and how much is your package, from Rs 15 lakh for a year to Rs 12 lakh i.e. lakhs of rupees for 7 months. That is, your gross earning of 2 years has increased within a year and if you check according to your savings, then the amount of money saved in your savings of four-five years has also increased here, this is the result of this, father, you will suffer. No, I would have taken bhukhenge, then what had we believed? 13 If you see, this is what something is, date youth, you take decision, she is a nice girl, you are looking good, you are feeling that I can live with her, parents are not able to understand.  You understand very well that there is no decision from you, tell me about your periods, get a girl from her, take 1 month's time, you will have to give a guarantee, if you are giving a solution, then you are facing such a war.  I have a question, if you have anything, collect this kindly suggestion and tell me, please give more, I will only decide whether it is collected, it is not that you are the parents, you are not giving the solution, the biggest feeling is that Laat Saheb is sitting like this, father.  No Munna, this is not right Munna, neither for us, it doesn't seem right to us brother, then you see, this is what parents say when they say no, you see brother.  If you don't know, then that land is taken out from under the war because the standing is not yours, there are ambitious records hanging among the parents, Katini's age will be 26-27 years, she will be educated, she will have knowledge, she will be intelligent, a fan has also been installed, but the parents have said this just now.  If you want to see it then first give them a chance to do it, this is the date off, after that you will have life, you will have yours cut off, Kant 's waiting for D, parents come to me so innocent.  29 30 32 Sir, this has not happened to us till now, what are we doing till now, we are looking at the parents, the penis and also the lifeline, Amitabh Bachchan ji gives three-four, doesn't it mean it remains endless, isn't it good?  A is not there, let's take C, it means it will keep going, what directly, not indirectly, it was not brought up by us, we did not have a decision, it was seen in most of the cases that tu de contrari is taught in reverse so that it is always there.  Inside the child so that he is a child, it becomes a little dark, the video is fine, I understand it but I make it with a lot of responsibility, I make it consciously, I make it for the good of the society and if the society has always had this history.  Whenever someone has done any good and talked about it, anyone has done it, I am not going to put myself in the category of great people at all, I am not the only one who has done anything good at all, I am as rubbish as those who, you know,  a lot of code is required  It seems that everyone in the society is feeling this, only the children do it, after this video they will get complete clarity, this is what is happening with us, this 25 year old 28 I am not saying 15 year old 18, there is time in that but like this 25  Years old boy or girl you can't take decisions parents are diligent and something date you have you checked how educated you are if you have educated parents you are in the good half of the society well done  They have good authority figures in life and if your situation is like this, then your parents have played with you, it is okay, they have played, remember, divorce is happening where parents do marriage, it is happening there too, parents go for dot com.  Divorces happen, divorces are happening even in love marriages, even in arranged ones, they are happening everywhere. Okay, so it is like an accident. Those who are not driving under the influence of alcohol, are driving during the day, are driving safely, they also have accidents.  And that doesn't mean stop driving okay dat it you have you be very live you in this situation not in people not in children are alive you it my support will be late I will keep giving because no respect youtube is  If you are making a making video on D subject then please tell me now I have a request to you guys I have never asked you to subscribe to this channel 1212  You can also increase subscribers so I will be grade full because of this message nine needs you reach out to more people because of mine when the subscriber base increases like my second channel also has a lot of subscribers in it you like sangolik sutra to that one on top of the subscriber base  When I come and tell something, I do it because if you tell me that you have a lower base, that thing remains suppressed there, this is also a fact, I have come so much.  True things, you are at a much higher level, so nothing will go to you, whatever I am hearing right now, one or two subscribers who are in your circle, who identify with this thing, who need to learn all this, increase one or two subscriber base, friends circle.  I have a good word for this channel, you have a good if this then I when you all like this content which I fully like because of your comments and likes and  Everything feedback is there, do a little hard work, no, do a little hard work, Guru Dakshin Man Lo, if it is okay then do a little hard work, then whoever increases one, give one. Whatever increases two, write two in the comment section. It is more than two. So I am also not greedy, but if you increase even one or two, I will see a jump. I have taken one minute of your life, you request this and my life, you request this, so do it a little bit for me. Normally I would forget to speak or say anything in the video, but today I thought I would push a little bit, so if you guys do it, it would be great, thank you very much.