Hello friends, there is a very important message for the youth, tell me do you agree that it is a very important thing and important thing which I am telling you for politics and youth, has it become important for everyone from the youth which is also above but  It is even more important for the youth that politics is something now which we cannot escape from so we will have  To know what is happening in politics because now relationships are being affected, friendship is being affected, if it is not happening then tell me because these politicians have been able to various sources get into our brace and our blood and cannot get out.  You may have to face prejudice on the job, there is politics on the job, it is also linked to politics, politics is happening at home, it is happening in the locality, it is happening in the society.  If you teach in a college or a school or maybe you study in a college, there you also know that political opinion has become very important, so how to deal with this subject, how to understand politics in a positive way because everyone has understood it.  Have you made it whether you are with it or by doing it, but can there be an independent thought process to understand things, for this I want to tell you that I have a separate exclusive channel Guruji.  From Gurugram, I will put its link in the comment section. I am explaining this thing in a very good way and very lovely and good feedback is coming. You go to the comment section, subscribe, watch videos there and get some updates daily.  There is a lot of noise and noise in this and very opinionated things are being told. I want that the youth of my country should not be opinionated, they should not take all kinds of opinions, they should be flexible.  There should be curiosity and desire to know everyone and being one sided means that we commit the mistake of thinking that this is right or this is not right, there are only actions in life, there are consequences, some right and wrong are known much later. So that's why it is very important to learn this thing in an actual independent way because a media has been called Godi Media, we know the definition of Godi Media, what Godi Media and those people agree with but  The one which is called unbiased media or independent media is also not independent, it is just the Godi media which they like, they dislike it and they are opposite of the spectrum, so one is Godi media and the other is unbiased media.  I am taking the middle path, of course, not everyone has the capacity to understand things at a deeper level because contradictions come up anywhere. People really want to know whether this is a salty dish or a sweet dish.  Whose test is this, do people want to be on one side or right or wrong, black or white because understanding things in the led way, keeping layered thinking, keeping higher order thinking, keeping alive to the possibilities, like now I have come after voting like you. Which is my subscriber base, I hope everyone above 18 would have come after voting, so coming after voting does not mean that you should not ask questions beyond the person for whom you have voted and that's all they say.  He cannot forgive blood like this and it does not mean that one has to speak only against the one who did not come to vote, I did not come after voting for him, I did not come after voting for him, so there will be discussion about him also, but brother, I came after voting for him.  So there will be accountability because the right questions are not being asked to the politicians. Politicians are able to get away with all the nonsense issue. You must have seen in the elections what level of debate has taken place and what not. Words are not being used and we who are educated, what I think is my upper middle class middle class audience, those are not our topics, no one is discussing those things, so now whatever election the leader or the government will win.  If it is made then we will ask them questions and ask them not in a sense only to mortify them and score branny points because what happens is when I ask questions then others think that I am theirs.  I am a friend who is not there, this is the statement of a thinker that you are not a friend of anyone, you will ask them too and tell them, let it be brother, we have seen yours also, what is yours, it is okay, you keep sitting, I am just asking questions to him, what does it mean?  That's where you went, okay, that's the problem, people think there are only two alternatives, one is this, this one is okay, we have to understand, all the youngsters have to understand are we listening to.  Me and others are also not so youngsters that there is a buffet, we have to pick something from the plate in front of us, we don't like this either, if you are feeling hungry and don't have a choice, then you have to eat the food or bring your own.  Now we will have to create our own, it is not very easy to have our own thinking, our own ideal, our own party, brother, there are many people gathered and what else is there, all these parties in the political space, like all of them.  If you take Idol ji and take all the people, then brother, then individually Idol ji, serve such a big plate. If someone who is a top leader or a party topper makes the plate so big, then people will say, brother, at least something tastes tasty.  As for you, there is nothing tasty here, you are understanding that you have put bitter gourd, you know, Locky Tinde vegetable, you do not like all these, there are a lot of such things which you don't like but then if there is any one in it then you don't like it.  It is also giving pizza, it is also giving pasta, suppose you like fast food or you are also giving Golgappa, it is also giving tikki, it is also giving chaat papdi, it is also giving dosa, it is giving this, then it cannot be that  If you don't like anything, then he has spread his plate so much, if you are understanding then a lot can happen, you don't like it and you are like that I don't want this but if you want something, then the politician will do it, but  us genuinely  You will have to come and say that friend, this fast food is not good, this type of pizza is not good, it spoils the health, bring a sattvik thali like this, bring it like this, we need someone to say this, we need someone to comment, not someone who raises issues.  How relevant are they, how much do they affect our lives, if not, then why are you speaking, why do you only take sentiments and emotions, and these sentiments and emotions are vocal for a while, this one.  After that, mom's tune changes and then she starts eating, so all of us have to ask questions, the politician's questions, a more questions should be put up to people who are actually in the power because they are directly sitting in a position where  Can Affect Your Lives Yes You Will Have To Question The Opposition Also That Brother Why are you not asking questions, why do n't you ask questions properly, why don't you do this, why is this not happening, why do they also have to say that you are sitting comfortably, what kind of opposition are you, you have sold out, you have become like this. They also have to be teased, questions have to be asked on the opposition too, but if you want to do this then 7030 is a healthy combination that on 70, ask questions to the ruling party and on 30, focus on the position also.  Pour in and become an aware public and whenever you will encounter because of this we will have to be able to articulate our political feeling. Because wherever you go, you will not speak. It is not that you cannot remain silent every time because no matter how many times you remain silent.  Now he has come inside the houses, people inside the houses are different, you tell me will a marriage work very well if there is a difference between many idols ji or have you not understood?  You will have to have the ability to explain in the lead way, because among brothers, sisters, parents and children, among relatives, among close friends, in job spaces, because of ideals and mental differences. As a social observer, I see a lot of conflict happening. I personally don't feel it.  These politicians are worth fighting against in anything personal, not because of people's tutu mema, news is coming while scuffling that brother, he  So how did you say this much love means people can get away from saying things to you know your extremely near and dear once, they would have abused you, there would be no fighting beyond that but they have awakened so much spirit that they are ready to fight beyond this. So beyond this, I am saying to the society that let us learn politics and understand what is played, how it happens, I invite you all with folded hands, Guruji from Gurugram, this is my channel.  Please subscribe and follow it, you will get a lot of peace, you will get a lot of clarity and you will go towards progress and growth, otherwise you will be left with bitter frustration somewhere because see, it is a simple thing, you like someone and you don't like someone.  If you don't like, he came to power which is very populous because you will see that the percentage of voting is 37, the party coming to power cannot win more than 40, so people are not voting at 60. Will you remain in bitterness? Do you not have any clarity and those who voted for many people, will you not ask questions? Will you not think anything about them or is it just that the team is divided because this work of divide and rule is very easy.  And this has always happened, so if society becomes intelligent and people start asking good questions, then politicians are much smarter and they will always remain smarter than they will have smart issues.  Now let's discuss the level of issue in this election. It shows the IQ status of the whole country as an average. Just like there is an average GDP per capita, let's say something around 00. Okay, so the average IQ is visible. I am not denying that all of us are like this, but an average score is visible and what is the exact score of that IQ? Cha Jun has an idea. Who will you be if we say no to this? No, I am not speaking like this, I have not told about anyone's special party here, then only when you come will you understand what I am by coming here, you will not be. Able to tell me on that channel whose team I am on, I am not on anyone's team, I am talking about an IQ, ok so please connect with him, thank you very much