Hello friends of Cars, we have seen that people are saying that the inventory is not being sold. The inventory of 60-70 days means that there is so much goods in the shops that it will take 60-70 days to clear it there for use.  B Time Just Three Months Pack When there was negative inventory which meant that when someone went and wanted a car, they used to say that it would have to wait, meaning it was not meant to be given to him, just for show. Had some cars for purchase but didn't have time to give them away, so used to wait for two months, three months, four months, some models after six months, so let's analyze a little what has changed, okay, one is so full of water, I don't feel like buying a car at this time. Firstly, this is the region, secondly, now you are getting discounts and people are waiting for more discounts, so I hope it will be released in Navratri now, but another tectonic shift is taking place, this is about the economy. Apart from the economy, it also tells one thing about the country that right now the infrastructure of the middle class seems fine from outside, otherwise people feel scared when they take this sedan and this car which sticks to the road and  I do n't have the money to buy the higher one, I am sitting with the lower one, that is one, on top of that, if you understand a little mathematics about the car, then we will listen carefully that if there is a car worth ₹ lakh, brothers and sisters, then it is a car worth ₹ lakh. You will have to pay ₹ 10 lakh to buy it. Yes, what is the big thing in it, but when I give that ₹ lakh, I will have to earn ₹ 15 lakh for it, because 5 lakh is already in my tax, I am in 30% slab or I will take a loan.  Then the interest will be calculated, it will be more expensive, so let's not talk about it, let's talk about it, so yes friend, he is right, now I gave Rs 10 lakh and took a car worth Rs 10 lakh.  I will pay the registration money, then I will pay the insurance money and then I will also pay GST on both the things. Oh friend, yes he is saying the right thing but the car manufacturer who bought the car worth Rs 10 lakh has also paid GST, vesting and all the other things.  If he has also paid tax then how much does the car cost? Maybe it is worth Rs 5 lakh or Rs 6 lakh. They see in the math that very little money is left on each car for the manufacturer. Then you buy the car and then you pay the road tax.  Then if the car runs then you will pay toll tax, what will you put inside the car, what will you put in petrol and diesel, beyond that you will pay tax, then if you get the car serviced, you will pay tax on it again, you will pay tax on the servicing money, tax on servicing too, next year then tax on insurance. Then road tax, then toll tax, I had already paid tax and the money I earned was also received by paying tax, so friend, this is a very amazing thing, so why not buy a car, I should definitely buy a car.  I am going to give some tips here. If you like buying a car, now think like this. If you want to buy a car worth 8 lakhs, then I would say buy it for 12 lakhs but now drive it for 15 years. If you buy petrol then there is no need to change it.  The second thing I would advise to the elite middle class is that it is better to have a little bit inferior car which you can afford some times and have a driver.  Instead of having a car which is like beyond your this thing because who will give the driver's 15000 rupees, you can get it in 12 months, you can get it in 15 depending on how much your terms condition is, it is always better to have that than driving it yourself because now  If you want to drive yourself then I will take mine which is automatic and madam is not able to drive it, then I will take another car to pay the expenses of the car.  Brother, this is so much, so much that it can deprive you of buying a flat. If you are fond of buying useless cars, if you could have managed with one car in 15 years, then it is okay, you have bought three-four. Look. Businessman and depreciation seems to be like this, then the game is different, then it should be changed every 4 years, but more, my core audience is the business people too, they have the intelligence anyway, they are chartered accountants to give them more knowledge.  There is no need for it, they have the benefit, they took depreciation, sold it, bought another one, then this happened, that happened, they can own it, but the common man does not have any such facility, there is nothing like this, so you can keep your car in good condition.  Drive from and it doesn't last that long and sometimes what happens is that I will go somewhere to roam, you have to go anywhere to roam, you always take Innova Kata type vehicle on a taxi, not that much, it will cost you Rs 20,000, this is Still worth it because you will go on a trip only once or twice a year. In order to travel once or twice, I have seen people buy an expensive car worth Rs. 15-20 lakhs and do not go anywhere, once or twice the enthusiasm cools down.  And the second biggest thing is that I talk about practical things. From here you went to visit Agra. Okay, there you visited Taj Mahal. Then there is that Red Agra Fort. There the car parking sucks the soul. Go with a driver, go by taxi, just get down. And she can cook anywhere as per her wish, it takes quarter of an hour, I have seen people, the husband is coming back after cooking and the family is waiting like this, they are waiting in the village, they are doing it in the rains, they are doing it in winter, whatever the weather in India.  She is not sexy, go to someone of yours, there is some problem in her, then it is okay, then those poor people are waiting, why will the husband come, yes, I have gone to cook, but I am not getting a place, then I tell you practical things like, you are someone, I am from Agra.  I am taking an example, it can be any tourist destination, go to Udaipur, go to Jaipur, go to Jaisalmer, go to Kullu Manal, anywhere, take any one, wherever you go, it is okay, if you leave from Delhi or from anywhere, then you reach there if you are the person who  He is going there by driving himself, he will be tired, he will be better, now after cooking it in the hotel on the same day, he cannot roam around because he himself is stressed out, he will say, eat now.  After eating, he relaxes a bit and when he goes, he is making his body like this, instead of this, if he is going comfortably, if he is not stopping and playing himself, then he is talking, enjoying, see the photo, don't take it as everybody.  Jhoom Lu, I am that car he is driving, he has rented a car in Switzerland, it has become a romance, it is not for him, I am talking about a common man whose stomach is protruding, it has been a long time since his marriage.  If the wife is irritable and the children keep doing that, then it is best for them to stop the car, make them urinate, have tea, do that because when a man drives the car himself, he has 50 tantrums, the wives too must be listening, they are practical.  Does not stop him or reach early because he has some agents of his own that I am the driver of the car, brother, keep the driver, if you want to go anywhere then the driver should be with you. Watch this video, I will keep giving such practical tips to you and this will help you in your life.  You will get peace of mind by saving money and if you have hired your own driver then you can also hire your own but always take a car to the out station to go out, there is no fear of the car being stolen, you do not have the headache of an accident in the car, your car is yours.  A man is driving, he will drive properly, they are professional drivers, it is their daily work because I have seen that when I say to the youngsters, ' Dude, how much experience do you have on the highway, you have less, so it means you are going to enjoy, right?  So let that guy drive on the highway, he has made 50 trips, he also knows the places, he has not strayed anywhere, people say no, nowadays if he comes, then people think brother, he will reach everywhere, isn't he a practical driver who has been to 50 places in the city? He knows about things, he knows about everything, and the biggest thing is that it saves your time in traveling everywhere. If you see the things there in three days, then you can go somewhere and spend four days if you stay in a hotel. live in  There you can manage for three days because you will save your hotel money for one day because you have that much time and energy with the driver and the driver is a professional driver.  He will drive a lot during the day, driving the car anywhere is his daily work and you will enjoy it comfortably. Now and many times, I will tell you what happens. Classical practical things have been brought up in the family. We have gone in a seven seater. Mummy is  Sister and wife means two ladies, do they have children or do they all live in separate houses? You know about the kinship and in that the ladies feel like going shopping in the evening because I have time and energy too and man, if I don't go then brother they Send a taxi with a driver, you have brought it yourself, how much do you want to roam around, how much patience do you have, going to small markets and parking sucks the soul, so even the husband can enjoy comfortably, the man is sitting comfortably, sister-in-law.  Wives have gone shopping, we are sitting comfortably, I am telling you practical and when you go, you can also take two taxis, there is no need for all the family members to go in one bus, go comfortably, if you have taken one car then everything will be there in it.  In this way, we will sit on top of each other because the driver will take one seat. Go with two. He is telling practical things that more money will be saved and there will be more enjoyment. We should not focus on how much money is being spent in life. We should focus on how much money is spent.  How much pleasure does 100 units get? If 100 units get 40 pleasures, then it is better than 100 units and 15 pleasures. Well, if there and in that case, maybe 90 is spent and only 10 pleasures are spent. Here, 100 are spent.  Go and Anand 4045 comes, no one thinks like this in return on investment, Anand's investment will also have to be seen, how much will be mine, what about the day you get it.  I am telling you that when you go on a trip and you have a trip of three to four hours, wherever you go, your trip is of three to four five hours, then on the day you have to come back, you do not do anything on that day. Place because on that day you just have to wake up in the morning, eat that breakfast and just go home. Now if there is a driver then you can slightly delay and you can still have an agenda for that day and still make it count. Get up a little and do one half thing at the time. Looking ahead, have you visited Fatehpur Sikh or have you done anything else? I have seen the second tome, whose is Humayun's, which one is his, Jahangir's, but Jahangir's is right, and as I am telling you, I have not found any. And no, I am the only one, okay, these are practical things, then you make a video of it, then you put it on YouTube, then you earn money, that means you understand that you are not driving, okay, so you are roaming around, I did not do it.  this works fine  But you can do it, you can do anything in life because you know how to use the car. It is necessary to keep the car at home. Someone who does the calculations every year, I don't use it, he lives in Faridabad.  Every person does not live in such a place, if there is pain in the stomach at night, then one needs a poor quality vehicle. If something happens somewhere to go, it is necessary to keep a car, if someone comes or not, but I find myself in it, I would have asked you a question in one life. I am one with you  There is a car of 12 lakhs and another car of 25 lakhs, then which one is better, in which one you will be called rich. Of course, in the one of 25 lakhs, you will be called rich by going in a car of 25 lakhs. Okay, now let's change your 12.  There is a driver in a lakh car, you sit at the back like a gentleman, he opens the door in the same manner, you give him respect, you can use him for many purposes and you have yourself at many places.  You go as a driver, where the wives have to meet those relatives with whom you have no interest in meeting, but you go as a driver, you should count those four days too, no expenses, then which man will be called richer, you tell me now.  Has it become like a truck or not? On the face of it, the one with Rs 25 lakhs seems rich but the brother with Rs 12 lakhs is also stealing the show. If the car is a driver then the driver also has his own respect. Maybe you may still say that No, the one with 25 lakhs is richer because he has a good car and the one with 12 lakhs is the one with driver but then the one with 12 lakhs is with no driver and the one with 25 lakhs is the clear winner again with no driver but in The Moment I Get Khani. Driver has put a twist, now that difference of ₹ lakhs, should I invest it somewhere, brothers and sisters, if it becomes worth this much, then this was going to be my salary for the year.  1.6 Lakhs, so what difference can it make, can I buy a car by paying more than my salary of 10 Lakhs and 10 years' salary? If I had invested that money in 10 years, it would have doubled in 6 years. Now you have started liking the calculations, see, those of you who own a car below Rs 78 lakh and are lower middle class and consider yourself middle class, you will not understand anything about me.  Many times I feel ashamed to say that you speak like a bad Guruji and shame people on the basis of money, but then people are not ashamed to write dirty comments, then why should I feel ashamed to explain, I will tell you this if you are poor.  If you are in the lower middle class or are above poverty, then all this calculation is not yours, this calculation is for the one who has a scene of a car worth Rs 12,20,25 lakh and a scene of two cars, especially two. Whoever has the ass must have a driver. Being a driver, mom's work is done. Aunt was coming from the railway station. There is an airport drop. Someone has to come. Hey, your time will be saved. Is there any value to your time? Are the calculations of the car very strong?  I could have made it by doing Microsoft Excel but they get confused because I am telling you this calculation, I am telling you to do it yourself. What is the value of your time? Our time has no value.  So Then you are a poor person because if a rich person's time has value, then this is for those people whose time has value. If you take a driver, then if someone tells you no, you have 15 minutes of work to do at 3:00.  If you have to pick her up from there, then your game is over because you cannot do the work that you were supposed to do at 1 to 4:00, because at 3:00 the stick has arrived and madam will tell you whether she will come and bring you or will you hit her with the stick.  otherwise because their  Sister is coming, your sister-in-law is coming and you will not go, brother-in-law, brother-in-law, if brother-in-law had a driver, he would have sent him. If you did not want to go, time would have told, if you could do that work now, you could have earned money in work, but if  Your time has no value, you are a valet, so you are being used like a driver. Many men are used like drivers. My heart hurts women. No, I do not speak against women like that because they have manners and etiquettes.  There is a lot to say, I speak slowly, but women, look, there is a housewife in the house, the husband goes to earn money, works from morning to evening, the woman who does not work, the middle class housewife does not earn a single rupee, she hired a broom seller.  There is a mopping person, a dusting person, a utensil person, and many of them have also kept a cook. So brother, he cannot keep a husband or take a driver for himself so that he does not get any happiness because he is a man, he is supposed to perform everything.  Where are they right from, meaning he is poor everywhere, so by driving he may have some problem in his body, due to the problem in his body, he may have performance issues somewhere, then he may have to pay for those performance issues, you understand. Brothers and sisters, I am speaking about such deep things, my iconic relationship course is coming in November, it will wreak havoc on people's knowledge in a positive way. If you have not attended it live, then it will be in recording.  It will become more expensive, now there is a discount on it, if you see the number in the comment section, then it means the R of the relationship and book the slot now, otherwise the slots will be over, the discount that is going on will go away and  Then the fees will be huge, so join it, it is an iconic course, there will be seven classes of two hours each, all these are the troubles of the house which I teach and explain, today I took the topic of car, car is something which  It is a white elephant which means you bought it expensive but you are not able to taste it. Money does not allow you to taste it. It is also a fact that you can enjoy it with money. I am giving you a big knowledge in life. It is very difficult to earn money in life. It takes a lot of effort.  But it is more difficult than that to save money. It is more difficult than that to grow that remaining money and to make it bigger and increase it. But the most difficult thing is to enjoy and taste the increased money. There are many people who do not know how to taste life. They neither know how to buy food nor money  Neither do they know about relationships nor do they mean to have fun in life and this is an art and a Guruji can teach this art, just like in our Haryana it is called Kache Katna or Kache Katna, this is also a niche in itself, it is used by every third person of Haryana.  A man knows it, but not all the people of Haryana take my course and in Haryana also only one in three comes, okay and mostly they are of different level, so if you are the one and you want to learn this in life then you will see that one of yours is amazing.  I have my own driver, it's great  Make him wear a cap and keep it clean everywhere when you get down and you will not have to park your car in the mall. You will park in that under basement parking and then take his photo so that you do n't forget where you parked it and then he will walk away.  Then by then your family will have already been dropped and then you will run behind them, then next time when you will have to take out the car, oh I have to go, then I will bring the car, trouble driver, park the car, I am coming sir.  That car is not there, when did it cost 5 lakhs, why did you see 3.1 3.2 in it, I do n't know for how long they have been saying that no, this K10 model, this one has become so expensive, then understand the car, understand life, understand money, understand a lot.  People don't listen to me Guruji but I love driving If you love driving you will be a driver Have you ever heard any female sing Any female sing I love washing utensils Hey it's a thief you  You are not driving Formula One You are not driving in the sexy settings of Switzerland with Kajol and above And that hair is flying in Shahrukh Khan's and aise aise karke gaana raha hai It is not a setting, it is mud, these pot holes, drivers still know  Where is it and where to run it and how to do it ok it's better that you outsource and a lot of people I know people can afford it and yet they are not  Doing it, tell me how did you like the video? Write something good in the comment section. If you understood something, you can take membership of the channel and brother, relationship course is made. It is starting after Diwali. There will be very good practical things, it will bring taste in life.  Winters will pass well, fit in the jugaad of winters, sit under the quilt and eat tea and pakodas, take good knowledge and whatever knowledge I give, I will give it in such a way that you will earn money from that knowledge to others.  By giving consultation, because the generation has come like this these days, people, which phone is this, which car is this, which is the flat, the house, leave aside marriage, the big thing is job, job, how to change this fan, how to move this house, this is how to consult about everything.  I am not shaming you but this is a blue ocean opportunity, come as per your choice, be of any age, whatever kind of relationship you want, it has nothing to do with it, do a relationship course and pay attention to others.  The relationship will get better on its own. Brothers and sisters, every relationship gets better on its own when money comes. I am telling you the secret. This should not have been told because it is the content of a paid course. It is okay but this is also the truth of life. Money.  Take out money from any relationship, take out money from any relationship, but I will tell all that knowledge there, I will not tell it here, okay then like and share. Thank you very much.