Hello friends Jesus Note Highway Credit Card I am going to tell you that and I am making this because recently there is a YouTube about the expected ones and I made a video of them, why are you doing it on YouTube, if you create your content silently then it is good for you.  Listen to Bhai Saheb, 'Hey Bhaiya, there is a very big youth, who likes it so much, the latest video that you have posted 'Earn Punch Paise from Credit Card, I should also dreamstify it' and I am coming and saying that apply for credit card.  Don't even apply for credit card. Let's go to the video in which it is said that brother, my monthly expenses are all for 40-45 days, I get interest free or 30 days and I put this money in my FB and then  If I give it on time and then if I do it like this then I will save Rs 2700 in 6 months. Did you tell me the calculation, that means you have given the knowledge of Rs 14 per day and in giving the knowledge  Even the Creta worth ₹ 14 was lost. Okay, so what a great knowledge he gave for that ₹ 14. Even once in that, you somehow fell ill or you went to a place where there was no internet connection, your phone got broken, your tension got broken.  And if you forget to make that repayment on time, then what will happen to you? Look at this, they are actually telling you what is the punch thing, you have to tell me the first thing, you have told me the second thing, you have told me in the third one, you have told me, I am absolutely against.  I am not YouTube  People should promote themselves, don't you friend, send your [ __ ], earn money from somewhere, what is the problem, you pick some apps and give them in bulk, there is no benefit in any of them and then you claim, we do not run ads, you are just one.  After increasing 12-14 lakhs by doing the app and you are showing your points in it and better than this, promote dream11 or take that credit card, it will be like this and this war is also going on in it because some facilities are not available in my account.  You will get a discount, you will get a voucher, your brain is going crazy, date is what time is saying, your concentration takes toll on your brain, don't have a credit card, just have a debit card, these points work on debit cards too, but they will not tell you that  People who have debit cards, banks have debit cards, there is also a scheme, it does not work only on credit cards, you should have money, then you can do it like this.  Take this and take advantage of it, you have made the youth worth Rs 2.5 thousand and many more and these are the people of Fortuner too who are being made fun of by the civil score. If you are a credit history civil person then you will think that brother cannot meet his monthly expenses. Similarly, I can take a loan, I can take out a month's expenses, even a credit card is based on its logic, you friend, why am I angry, sometimes I have to learn these things and people learn them.  They go and think, Papa, should I take my home loan because he told him that uncle ji told him, it is okay, brother told him, he also told that he has got so many subscribers, so many people are liking it, brother, it would be good if someone cross checks.  No one is going to do it, no one is going to come and tell you, catch one thing about this thing that the bank people, the civil people, you see, brother, you go and ask someone that the civil butter gets spoiled, even the simple monthly expenses are done through credit card. he is doing it  You have to use your own mind, think about what is happening, take this point, take that point, take this point, brother, such content is requested with folded hands, people, hey, you are making this video, subscribe to you, absolutely right, absolutely right but. What message am I conveying in this, at least discuss it at least once, whether what I am saying is right or wrong because if my  The thing is going to only ₹ 32000 people, it is okay if ₹ 30000 is going to 32000 people then the effect will be less later and if someone's wrong thing is going to 27 lakh people then you will have trouble with that ₹ 32000 will become ₹ 1 lakh. He is making it, let him make it, it's about the movie, it's about entertainment, his movie is doing well, so why are you doing it, Pathan took so many less crores, so you are yours.  Launch your game and earn less crores. This is a narrative social responsibility. As your subscribers increase, how can you not make anything by raising your hand? Your responsibility is to increase the higher content, which can take something to a higher level. Tell me something like this.  The chat is secret, Google or nothing, friend, apart from these five things, my request is to sip from the financial influencer, sip, there should be an emergency fund of 6 months. Your emergency fund should be You should do it by pressing the credit card like this, friend, make something other than one-day topics, plan to repay the home loan quickly, whenever you get it, do it, your income will increase by 10% every year, you also lose your job, which people do not understand.  You come to me, enter your direct father's income and take home loan by entering your income. Civil is yours till then and take home also and I also take home's calculation van point is de trap let me tell you off.  All D Financial Influence D Catch If you listen to him on the van, there is no one who speaks slowly, I too do not speak slow, I do not speak slow, I speak normal, I am fine and I speak, you will be missed in 1.5, that mind does not have the capacity to process.  That it is not about Ki Sam is factual information that it is being immediately told that its capital is Washington, South Korea.  Korea's capital is Seoul and it is copying you. It is China's Beijing and you have quickly taken your factual information and you have reduced the numbers by doing something to it. These are the things that are happening, if you want to land in it, then you can listen to it and where you can land in it. This trap works only on 1x, you all have to see the pattern, you will find it written as 1.5x. Hey brother, that is the wish of the subscriber, he will listen to it on 2X also.  Its wish is 1.7 speed. Why are you doing this? I need an answer to this because do not give even one second more time to your calculations because I am selling messaging apps. I will show some calculations to sell messaging apps and they will turn out to be correct.  How many presumptions are there that how much attention will I have to pay every time, how much stress do I have that my friend has to go, I have money somewhere, I have spent it, if you keep a debit card and keep a credit card in your life.  So nothing is missing, I don't give much personal examples but I don't miss anything out, I have never used a credit card, my civil is very good, very good and simple, nothing has to be done with credit card, I am telling credit.  Card only remember, if you want message only, then thoughts are same and topic, by the way, don't have credit, it will cause civil damage to you, it will not improve, either it will be kept from you or you will not make payment.  You turned something off or you had a fight, they charged you something else, you turned it off, something happened and something was left, so your bill went down, it will not increase, this D message and all these app based ones are the same.  Give it, what they say is that you give this money from this card, give this card money from this app, this person 's hat is his head, his head is his hat, everyone's head is everyone's head, half a time someone fell ill, Vyas etc.  Stomach ache, forget it, bad mood.  It happened somewhere, I got injured, somewhere I got busy in exams, somewhere there was no internet, anything can happen, I am telling you all these things, then it is only for you that my payment has not been made or something else has happened to you, so don't do it.  Na don't place him, for whom will you tune in by saving Rs 2700, it's great, you have given good advice, so please customer, wake up, life is not this, things are never ever going to be easy, you are watching this kind of content.  Yes, the second content is easy, what are people watching? Lifestyle videos, they are watching the most of the rich people, they will not look that sexy, either take this 2700 rupees baby or watch these of the rich people and then sleep whatever I hope you like.  The decision making series which is my mental model, green people should see it for themselves, I have to promote and speak every time because in this off course, people get to know how to take decision making in life. 15 Mental models are shown in one video. I have read 18 19 mental models with English titles. Kindly watch them. Stock market deals are also done easily without using other jerkins. So you both give. Such videos will continue to be made. There is no competition.  Okay, I am not in any affair, I am not in any competition. Okay, so I will never suggest anything to you people by doing this or that. Whoever is suggesting is a fancy thing for me too. Many calls come to me, promote it to 2 lakh, where 2 1/4 lakh subscribers come to the one with more subscribers, more come to this, also come to this, but after talking to them, they come to know that this is  Ford is a thing, there is no need for it, everything is going better than normal banking, how many apps will you keep in the mobile phone by force, if it is fine then please don't get impressed by this 25  The thing worth 2700 is this D message credit card, I have managed 10, it was a good workout for me. Hey brother, let the marriage happen, the man forgets the school fees, sometimes he forgets to do something else, just let the mental juice come for once.  If you are 24, 25, 27 then there is energy in life, after that there will be a lot of destruction in your job, you will be burdened with many presentations, you will forget, you will forget.