Hello friends, today's fast is a simple topic, why should we not watch cricket matches, now there will be many people who will tell what is okay, it is time wasting, it is okay but we know that for relaxation, I will tell you in such a simple way that whatever  You know, if I tell you that, then why would you come to my channel? Okay, and I watch your channel too, so you say the same thing, what is the point, what is the benefit to you in watching a cricket match, I like that, it is good that you also drink alcohol.  looks good to someone  You may also feel like teasing a girl. Well, some people may feel like passing the time. Well, some people may also feel like getting out of the train and making such selfies and uploading them in this program. But is that okay? Below is how one can compare cricket watching in foreign countries. There are some disadvantages to this.  The same topic is there because you are watching others becoming rich, if you are becoming rich by watching them, that too people had come up with the system, which one is there in the playing eleven, which is the app, some can write it.  dena ki team  By selecting and winning, sometimes they got involved in IPL, sometimes they wanted this game made by the British, the English world used to play this game, they did not pass the time, the villagers got to subscribe and are sitting comfortably after setting up their tents, all the water in Pune and their Subscribe this style and those who were from that people should subscribe and population that all this continent India Pakistan Sri Lanka and that your Bangladesh it is so clear that there is rescue if it gives five percent tension  If you put in the rest of the support then they will get the gold medal in the Olympics. The population of New Zealand is 70 lakhs. Najafgarh Dwarka Rohini, Najafgarh Dwarka Rohini, get less messages than that. Hey, along with New Zealand, our gold medal comes, it should be such a country of Neeraj Bhai.  I do n't know what is right to celebrate, but why is there so much celebration? Which country did one belong to, there is no meaning in a small country, don't give three gold medals like that. His opinion is even more, but it is less and here we have six crore names, this recipe is well n Golana, here also the thing is diesel, then who will ask, how many will not ask the cows, why is this happening because I will do all the specials in cricket since 1968.  See, the whole country is listening to the cut from the SSP, this is a conspiracy to invest the time of a rich man, a very rich man, who has no work, how has he got the money, he is sitting on the beach, watching cricket, doing something else for himself.  ok but the country which is poor  Where we still have to take DP3 is that after so many years, how much has happened to China, let's stop Tik Tok, we had to stop it because it was a weapon, make the youth waste all the time, okay, make the youth waste all the time, the war will end and their minds will be affected.  Neither should you focus, because it reduces your time so much, Twenty-20 is also called your four hours and not you do not leave it in four hours, after that you will also translate it in English. Five bullets of this match, that green chilli channel.  But why will India lose? Pakistan is adamant on defeating Pakistan. What was it then like that, it is a typical spoon, this is an eco system, the system is playing a game, it shows you matches, it shows you ads and what is the benefit of the whole system to you through broadcasting rights, soon.  This video of penis, you should also be a taster, neither should this trunk also be selecting you what you want, now people will say, friend, give me, if you enjoy yourself, then can you do something in which you will be valueless and also enjoy.  So ultimately I would like to tell myself a very deep thing, please understand it carefully, this is my request, a reminder has been set for you about this, there is a lot of stress and tension inside and when you only see it, you become stress free.  You feel but you wait so much for time and since you waste this time, you are put in such a system of job, target, salary and sex that you cannot come out of that system by editing it and then go there again. Chakli back and that chakki grinding in such a way that it covers you again, you do not improve your health, posted key and sims, if this one is bad for you, then you brother, if it is bad for me, then I will understand why I don't see the meaning, so if you do one thing  You will see such a situation in which your value increases, you get some information from which you can become rich, you can get pro quote, so it is fun to see it, you know that cricketers buy flats worth Rs. 64,64 crore, in that too you show yourself that I am the one.  I have seen so much of him, done so much of him, I am so connected to him, I follow him on Instagram and do all this in everything and follow him on Twitter. Worry, this man is not great sex, sitting in my hand and this being far away.  Show that many people are doing very good work and are not recognized. If they are not just recognized then they all have devotion and why waste India's time in this game. Even if it is of 40 minutes, the demand is that it should be like that.  Football is also gone for 70 minutes and half the minutes because the remaining twenty-three are our free entertainment and these collective sports which are historically in our DNA, I am saying to remove them but perhaps in a match of 190 minutes, a person gets more exhausted, which means children too are now  To fill the volume, in the game of hockey and football, perhaps more juice is released by clearing. In cricket, he is standing at one place and is batting. If he comes to bat, he is out on a run. 5 Pro Kabaddi Football and Hockey  It does not happen that you did not score a goal, did not do anything, so you are just standing there, I am speaking from the experience of playing in a message, not only watching, so all the countries which are intelligent design, whatever you give above, you are the GDP top 10 countries.  Look at the GDP, you will get one India and only one England. Life is funny, to waste the time of the whole world, do the rest. To my knowledge, there is no third country and how many World Cups of Cricket have they won in countries like Australia too. There  Even their Rabi and local sports were given to other sports by the time their gold medals came. Even England has invented a free game for them too. You can see how much focus they have on other sports and can't get results which make them look like bawdy children.  Look, we are all this, we are all this, we were slaves, we were standing here in this trick, some people will feel bad, it is true that this is true, we used to look at them and think that yes, we too will survive, we too will survive that.  to joy  Double the love, which movie is it Lagaan hai to double continuously, now you will win, we have defeated Gaurav, we have just made him ours, oh brother, we have made him a seventy-five year old child, now leave it now, friend, when we are engaged in the colonial past, we are removing all the things.  We removed the flag, also the Navy thing, great thing, ok, we made the district duty-bound, the expert said, great thing, everything is ok, this is also a colonial part, now why should we close it?  If it is profitable then what can we see then we can reduce the entire narrative. We will take what we are told, we will put in our minds that making Janpath the path of duty, it was a great thing, if it is done in response to Janpad, then that is sugar on Janpath.  When the President walks on the Rajpath in response to the kings and the Rajpath, when we made them the path of duty, now he will walk like a human being, he will feel that he has some duty, so it is a very great and good thing that if someone criticizes it, remained You were carrying some old colonial marks in your emblems. She moved away and started wearing her own. Our history is very great. Oh, cricket is also there so why not waste your food time. I am very anti to you, reduce the viewing a bit, friend, it is very fun, if you are getting some noise then look at it, it is like having too much software, reduce the office, tea also, these people were seen now.  height shoot us  Cricket, I, I, I should give up, okay, I will remove the colony and the whole thing, which means it gives me a big headache, it is Punjab. Whether I give up alcohol or cigarettes, I never smoke or drink tea. I leave tea at a small square here. How many people like Udta Punjab? Anyway, Udta Punjab is a movie, I am not criticizing Punjab, nowadays I have to hit delete every time, why should I get angry if this movie was Tata Punjab, then I am relating to it, I am relating to Udta Punjab, it was a movie withdrawal. Symptoms like this, if you leave tea, then this is the question, that time is lion, so liquid, will you people who reduce it, if even 20 people write that they will reduce, reduce, then in that much time they write that they will reduce. Please grind it well because you have something to do on this channel. The wishes of this are that you do not have anything to do at that time, so you are doing it if you have to.  Is there any better thing which can provide more entertainment than that or can the time be fixed? Someone gave me a webinar at 9:00. I did it at 9:00 in the same districts. Hey Sir, India got angry with Sri Lanka. It's okay, the match missed the call, I don't forget it because it's our life.  I don't believe that time is only limited. Do everything else too. Indians unfortunately are very time mirch gas par Manipur Vilpur but time mirch is very limited and time is very limited. What is there in youngsters that youngsters find time and dirty because you are 22 years old in a team of 25 so you feel that you have to give this year, if you watch the match then three hours of life were three, 350 in three and see five in this test.  The match should be banned absolutely, they say this turmoil, what will take away something, isn't it right, this was quite the start quote 2 A but to be ahead, this power  And do this, I will call you, you guys can support Tanker 2102 Hey, you lie and settle it, watching even 120 balls becomes too much because when it comes according to the timing of other sports, then it can happen that yes  Look, I am not saying anything about doing zero, but this is the time, this is a test, a lot of people also watch the match of Pakistan and Afghanistan and sir, the product launch was last, it was like this, someone came to meet me today, it is okay for me, today my  I don't know who  What a match, if you had given it to someone then maybe she would have gone away. Why is India so emotional in this world? Keep so much salvation for your wife, keep it for your children, keep it for your parents, keep it for your brothers and sisters, keep more energy and time.  Focus your attention on earning money, so what am I saying wrong then write those wrong and if I am saying right then write it like this, I am right like this, right and wrong are like this, just like writing ATM, is this correct then write it down, it is a recorder and so on.  you will explain a lot  This is the subscriber base which I will always teach in the videos how to fill that time in which there will be fun in BJP Nimaaz, I will feed the edition which means drink bottle gourd juice all day long, it is very good, maybe then you will not know the secret of tomato, first also cheese taste too.  So, not only everything is needed in the whole life, when the score is good, it does not happen, there is no acidity, the thotti which is made and is suitable for the field, there is some such system, then it is a shock, it is fun to watch cricket.  Equal to eating junk food, should not eat too much, profit and death is certain, if rotting is fun, I am the captain in life, if there is fun in life and value is added to that thing, it unites your life, corporate them.  Take it only for the elders and there is no fun, brother also follows him day and night, if you enjoyed this video then you can write, okay then set it at night, it should seem like before sleeping, today there is something new.  Learned something new, got a cricket match, Hey Hero's water, how many World Cups have come in Thana City-2, has India ever won and lost, it is important to remember all the history, Maharana Pratap 076 Haldighati 200 crores, pass the exam or do some other useful thing.  I would like to do some work, I know it on social media, I can learn something in presentation, I can improve communication skills, I would enjoy doing these things, I would know that  This is the work of a person with Guru Tattva, to pour it, how to do it, otherwise you have to open a simple hotspot like Disney, start someone's my channel, close all the settings, stop buying tea leaves, if you see tea in the house, then the mood will rise from within, then he felt it.  Will take one cup, make one cloth, someone never stops at one cup, then brother many will go to the office, brother in relation will take tea, play money, both of them feel bad, they Nikita, ok then drink cold drink Nicole Richie Nikita ok then you have drank more juice then juice concentrate comes with 100 edits packets of conference juices and school uniforms now on call you will not get its juice completely and will stop the product made in mixer mummy mix is ​​not fall press  I am wearing this kurta and belt, now I can't even make WhatsApp. If anyone goes and has my own brand, those ghagras are made of three or four things, are they mine or do you want to meet me for tea? Drink something, drink cold in it, say something, this is you also have to take open shot, what are you filling with? Be who is soft and your sent this is filled with what, the whole time is also okay with questions and in everything, which is anti-ship.  With People Delhi Road To Go To 4 5 System Saw You Made Notes Thank You