Hello friends, today's topic is Why people will never be able to buy property and homes. It is a subject of pain, I will tell you logically, what can be done to avoid it, I will tell you what to do, I will tell you more and it is not fear mongering, there is no such thing.  That's why I said it because these trends are clearly visible. In other countries, playouts are taking place in London for example. The biggest pain of parents in London is that their children cannot buy property. Can't live with parents, parents can't buy for them, so yes, England is a small country, it is not even like India, Guinea has 1015 main cities and they are not able to do so, they have to live with parents, there are no marriages without crying.  If it is happening then this trend is already happening there, so no one is coming up with such a thing that it is happening for the first time, it has already taken place in the world, now why will it happen in India, how will it happen, we will argue from there. coming out  So, this is the generation that was born after 1996, which is 2627 years old today. Now I will include the people of 2011, 12, 13, 14 and 15 in it, so it is more applicable for them too, but to tell in general terms, this is the generation which is now I have told the age groups who have already come in the job market or will come, I will tell you some reasons why they will not be able to buy, the biggest reason is that the property rates are already very high in big cities.  The jobs that are being created are getting higher, they are not at that level that the savings become too high, if you look at inflation, the rents are already so high, the electricity rates are increasing, the gas rates are increasing, petrol is increasing and so on.  The aspirations of this generation have increased, the children of the middle class who come to big cities or even the lower class also have the right to use a mobile, use the Internet, watch movies, use the Internet, etc. Spending on all the food and drink is a done thing for them, then power dressing them, wearing good clothes, this has to be done, if we are not doing this then why are we living, and then in between is that of roaming around and doing our own thing.  They do SIP of Rs 2000, 4000 and 5000 in mutual fund, who are very influential like Ankur Waraku ji and I am telling you by name only because they have not left anything worthless.  Let us show you that if you make two to four 5000 rupees, you will become very great and one day you will become a millionaire, you are not going to become anything, I am telling you that, I am not trying to create negativity, just like the elders teach by twisting your ears.  I am going to tell you, listen, doing a SIP of Rs 4000 is not going anywhere, Rs 000 is not going to do anything for you, but it does not mean that you should stop doing that too, if you are doing it then it also does not mean that it is okay.  So listen to this financial influence, see what is coming and what to do and I am also telling the parents that these things are okay, savings are not happening, they are going on rent, one life is definitely going away and so on.  Then as soon as you realize that this thing will not be possible, then why do n't you get married next because you know that when you get married, you need a house and the girl's parents say that if you give a house then you can't show the house, you can't take it because if you let's go.  to 50  60 Lakhs is an average of any small two BHK or one BHK. Let's take the big city average. Let's talk about the top 8, 10, 15 cities of the big cities. Then there is less money in other cities. There is a little more money in big cities. Brother, if I buy something worth Rs. 50 lakhs and I make a down payment of Rs. 10 lakhs which is a huge amount, if I buy it for Rs. 40 lakhs then my EMI will be around Rs. 0000. To get an EMI of Rs. 0000, my salary should be at least 1.25 lakh because tax is also deducted in 1.25 lakh because sometimes if I buy under construction, I have to pay that for two-three years and here I have that.  It also happens, that too is a pain and if I don't take it, I take the old thing and its price is also inflated and I am not getting any further depreciation. Secondly, it is not affordable if the youngster's money.  Look, he is not able to buy a house with his 10 years' average salary, whereas the normal average should be 5 years, so if he is getting 10 years' salary, he will not be able to buy it anyway. Another reason is that as soon as he arrives, he should be the first person to buy a house.  For example, if you want a car and not a motorcycle, now they will say that it is safe to buy a car worth Rs. 4 lakhs. I also say that children should buy a car. Motorcycle is unsafe. I myself say that it can be managed from anywhere.  Buy your car, any day is safer and better. Bet, but if you buy that car then what is the matter, it is worth Rs. 6 lakhs but then it is more. Why would you buy a five year old car instead of a 20 year old car?  If it doesn't come, then you have used the image of credit card, then you have wandered around, then the big thing is that there are no savings and parents are not able to buy Rs 50-6 lakh, how can they keep it? First of all, at the time of inflation, you have to pay the expenses.  Paid school fees for 18 years, then there were fees for higher education, then there were coaching fees, then now they say, friend, now you are earning, now you earn, now they will buy a house for you too. Is this the thinking of the parents?  What is right or wrong, should there be a change in thinking, how should the house be, in the beginning I am discussing why one cannot buy these, then I will say what should be done if one has to buy them, because I am trying to awaken the Guru Tattva and help in getting rid of the hopeless. Video I don't leave, I leave on hope that it is not possible because of these reasons, but how can it be made possible, anyone, I am 25 years old, because neither the parents nor the parents themselves, if I am a son, neither the parents' son if I buy the house.  When he talks about it, he says, alas, he will go away from us and we are not doing anything for our daughter. Anyway, you are gone, so you belong to the husband, we belong to the husband's in-laws, we are the daughter, but still someone is there for the son.  Maybe you should buy a house for your daughter, no one is taking it, this is also very unfortunate, daughters are ours, then that too, when no one belongs to anyone, then they also show their form in many places, that is a subject of a different pain.  A separate video will be made for that, otherwise I will go astray while giving that knowledge. I will keep it to this only. Anyway, no one is giving anything to the girls. Girls do not have a half-time job, so if they have a job, then they would have left it if they got married. If they had not left it, then they would have given birth to a child.  I would have missed out  If it is theirs then it does n't matter to them at all, the caterer is not saying anything, the girl's house is the husband's house, meaning why should you take the house or is it your in-laws house? I will make a separate video on why girls should have a house for girls, but it should be for both of them, today I am telling you in a gender neutral way, the method is very simple, yes, it is very simple, you will get 5 lakh rupees on marriage. I don't want to spend too much, any wedding is very nice, even for one lakh, I spent 5 lakhs too much. Spending 30, 35, 40 lakhs on weddings is usually normal. Sometimes there is even a competition for jewelery between the two parties. Bring even a small set and see how much it costs. Four-five tola doesn't feel much on the neck, it's fine today and wear this and this and some more.  If you wear the one here, I don't know how much it would cost. Girls wear lehenga. What do girls say? If you won't give us a house, if you have a lehenga worth two lakhs, then you will be foolish to ask for a house. Lehenga, I will manage in a smaller lehenga, something that means cheap.  I will manage. Marriage is the first time. The parents can save a lot of money. Get the couple both from the set of parents and say brother will not marry but take this money. 50 lakhs.  Take 2 BHK, 60 Lakh, 90 Lakh, 30 Lakh, it is different in different cities, I have those solutions also, if you want those solutions, then there is Real Estate Info Webinar Group in the comment section, join it.  Also in this stage, what is the matter now, what is the problem, what are the tantrums, the status of a house worth Rs 50 lakh but the desire for a house worth Rs 1.5 crore, this is also the problem of the new generation, this matter  I don't even buy it because they see it worth 50 lakhs, but I am not enjoying it because your status is up because your parents are living in a big house somewhere but brother, had they ever bought it before and their status is given in Bhujne.  The status of this one is yours, it is on now, so you cannot take that one, if you can, take it, do not throw tantrums in the wedding, the hydraulic lift is coming from here, the hydraulic lift is coming from here, it is washed, it is washed, such is the combine hook.  Then the garland is being held and the photo is being taken and the photographer himself is charging Rs. 1 lakh for the photo session, so if it is not him then we do it only once, no, we do not do it once, nowadays there is no guarantee that only one  If you do it multiple times, then don't spend less. Get the marriage done in ₹ lakh. If it doesn't last for 70 days, then they come to us. I go and see that man, this is the pain of breaking of marriage in their eyes. Boy's parents, girl's parents.  or money  Fear of drowning is pain, meaning that if you don't know then don't invest money because when you give a house in the life of a young couple to start with only, that marriage is fine because if you talk about 60 lakhs then both of you got 25 lakhs.  The boy's parents gave 125 lakhs to the parents, the girl's mother gave equal amount, friend, whatever you want to do there, give even 1010, give even 12,12 and that is from marriage.  You gave only the saved money, you gave 25 lakhs and they may not have taken a loan of 25 lakhs, they may also have savings of 5 lakhs, the boy and girl were working, so friend, a loan of 171 lakhs was taken, that's just like that.  Will repay because it is a loan of Rs 18-20 lakh 1617 EE, we are also taking some income tax rebate from it and the rent is left, so your cash flow should be positive, that's it. After that, when the house is done and it is in the name of both of them, then it is just a strong joint of Fevicol, the house is on our head, there is security because there is no house, the girl is not safe in the house where she gets married and when the house is in the girl's name.  It happens with the husband and his age is 25, 26, 27 years, so it removes a lot of stress from life, this rent every month, even if you lose your job but you are not able to pay the rent, then this is still what gap war, what schemes?  You can get flour for two, three or four rupees, you don't die of hunger in India, if home is something very important, you don't say such a dialogue that 'Maya Se Chhaya Pyaari Hai' is the dialogue here in our India 'Maya Se Chhaya Pyaari Pyaari', then you will have to do it, the woman will have to work.  And the house will be done because there is no region and people to buy it because the house is not the priority because the financial experts who take the priority of the house have told that if you do SIP for 20 years then maybe you will get the house.  Till then you should love your life because if you buy a house then you are not living life because this is how you will live, how you will buy clothes, how you will roam around, how you will look rich, how you will have false pride and love, how you will wear shoes worth Rs. 12000 even if they are worth Rs. 6000.  Shoes are fine, how can I buy a mobile phone? Now they say, ok, someone told me, I should buy a mobile phone worth Rs 20,000 and not the one worth Rs 80.  Should I take this, brother, can I buy a house with the savings of Rs 60000? Yes, you can buy something because you are applying this logic everywhere, you are also applying the same logic in buying a car, the same logic is being applied in buying shoes.  He is applying logic, he is applying logic in buying clothes, he is applying logic in travelling, he is applying logic in everything that brother, I have just stayed in this four star hotel, my expenditure of Rs 0000 was for 4 days.  Had I done this for Rs 8000, would I have been able to save Rs 12000? He comes home for Rs 12000. He is applying logic in everything. Yes, this is how he comes home. Save Rs 80000 here, save Rs 20000 here, save Rs 40 there, save Rs 20 here and get 5 lakhs. From mother to Rs 4 lakh, father-in-law to Rs 2 lakh, mother to Rs 3 lakh, wife to Rs 2 lakh, extra income by doing side gig or one  By doing lakhs here, some things are bought by joining them like this, but it takes away your life in joining, does n't it make you feel that oh I am not living that life, when what is the reason for that brother, nobody is yet to come and told, I am very fond of this.  I will also make a detailed video on ' The Joys of Owning Your Own Home.' Brother, then you do not live with rubbish furniture, you do not live in dirty furniture on rent, your fixtures are good, a lot of things happen, I will make another excellent video on this so that your  10 12 15 benefits of buying a house and in that I will not talk about money anywhere, your rent at 3, mutual fund at 4, so much will go there, in 20 years you will save so much, what will you do then, will you buy a house or will you bear it in old age?  I am fine with the money which tells these calculations. These days all the financial YouTubers have smelled like this. Does it smell? It is okay to write the dialogue down and now they are talking about real estate through the back door. And I am saying that now is the time to put it in equity also. I am the owner of both the chits, it is my father's wife and my father's chit was there earlier too. If you understand then why should you take one line? Emotional decision is not emotional. Buying Term Insurance Term Insurance Term Life Insurance Is Right Endowment Plan Not Lipp Buying Term Insurance Is Not an Emotional Decision It's a Practical  The decision that the man of the house was worth three or four crores, if something happens then he will get the money, it is not nothing emotion about it, then why should the house be on, what are the other factors which are there, I will not talk about money, I will talk about coolness and coolness and what else.  -Whatever it is, I will make that video also but first, whatever video you send to Jane Judd, circulate this one, only then will it be included in your priority list. Looking sexy is on the priority list. Posting photos on this page, getting your likes and dislikes done again and again, you have taken all this work for granted, how am I looking like a fool, you don't even have a house, you are poor, today even the poor have a house, the government has come out with a scheme.  You have said that you are worse than those poor people, you don't know how bad your condition is, I am telling people and you are busy, no, I am in life, or who said that those who have houses and do not go out for a walk, or they do not live life, they cannot live. every  When you pay rent every month and the rent is falling into the pit and is increasing every year by 10 to 12 or the landlord is saying run away from here if it becomes like this then you will know what is there in the society then the first thing is affordable seems to be difficult.  I will sir the parents, the parents have to help the parents, I see the child has turned 12, 14, 15 years old, the parent is going and taking a commercial, the speck will drown, he will die, but he is his child.  It is clear that you should buy a house for him, the house will be built in four years, he will go to college, till then you will not have to pay the rent, but the children will buy their own. Hey child, if you believe, your child will do very well, believe that it will come out.  If his package of Rs. 80 lakhs is exhausted, then you can rent out the house you had bought for him, he will buy his own separately, but suppose it is not exhausted in all, then where will it go, then where will you keep your daughter-in-law, the daughter-in-law will not come in your two BHK. three bh's  If you don't live in my house, she will not come, your child will not get married, marriages will happen only to those whose houses are big, boys are feeling very bad, in reverse dowry system in India, because the dowry used to be 5 lakh 10 lakh 15 lakh 20.  Houses used to be sold for Rs 25-30 lakhs, houses are expensive, now if you buy a house for a boy, you get a great feeling from within. Man, what happened when the boy was born in 1990?  So thali was played, thali was played when it was a boy, it is not played when it was a girl, in India do you know what is the scene in North India these days, but what I know from many years is that thali was played when it was a boy and not when it was a girl.  There was a degree split when it happened. Unfortunately, those who play, okay, this or this, I enjoy telling about the things that bring things to the society. Many people have problems, but those who do whatever they want should also have problems. Personal attacks also come.  Your girl is fighting with my God, because of both of them, you cannot blame me that I am fine, so I have no benefit in either one, I am just giving neutral advice, okay, I have benefit in this also, there is benefit in that too, society.  When one improves, everyone benefits, whether it is your daughter or son, everyone has the right to live a logical and equal life and the society should move in that direction, then they are not able to buy a house because of this, there is no focus, there is no help from the parents.  Not there.  The young generation has no idea and then when the properties will be bought today, they will eat bread and butter throughout their life, they will eat the rent on rent. There is a generation which is from 1970, 80, early 80 or late 60, they will suppress the rent and will eat the property.  She will eat till she dies and as she is, she will only give rent, so if your child gives rent throughout his life then it would be better if he gives it to you only, isn't it?  If you are a family then create assets, now you will ask how will it be given to you, my child is working in Bangalore, I bought the property in Gurgaon, then it means how did I get the rent, you will also ask if you have bought the property in Gurgaon and you have the property or have taken it somewhere else.  You are a North Indian and if your son has to press four IT buttons, he will press them in Gurgaon instead of Bangalore. The house should be nearby and when you are not there, he will go anywhere and when he is not there, he will go anywhere. Tell the child to say that you are like this, you have to pay 10 months rent, why should I forgive two months because one month goes to the brokerage that vacates the tenant and one month goes to the maintenance.  You only do it, you will not do it, otherwise he will be saved, whether you are my son or daughter, if you give him 10 months, then your rent payer is also saved and he also has continuity, no one will be thrown out of the house if his circumstances are bad.  For some reason, if the child's daughter got spoiled or for some reason the job got reduced, the salary rate got reduced or something else happened, then you are the father, you will say, son, don't pay rent for six months, how relieved it is that you have also kept the property in your name, but in practice, the child Poor guy is paying the rent which is justified i.e. rent, he is taking it, you are not even escalating, your own child has sometimes forgiven, sometimes said come on, it is your anniversary this month.  Don't pay the monthly rent, see how wonderful it is, this month my grandson's granddaughter's birthday is coming. With this month's rent, I can give her a gift like this, she can do anything in my name, friend, I have to find her ready.  As age increases, you have to find ways to please your new generation. It is a lot of fun to live life just on the pretext of giving something to the next generation. Look, buy as per your wish, it is okay and don't invest directly. Pick up SCO somewhere.  Took the plot and it got stuck and nothing is happening because your child cannot go and live in the SCO plot, it is fine anytime and somewhere your money is lost, you had bought it in the back side of some mall, something that does not work, it became a ghost mall.  There have been so many of them, why are you doing so many experiments? Those who have children in their families, they see no one is lavish, no one is big, absolutely normal, okay, when someone buys a car for his child, is the first car very important?  if you are rich  It is a different matter but for a normal middle class, what will be the first car for him, Innova Crysta or Farr, which car will he buy? Come on, take Dezire, you can take Amaze, you must be spending a lot, the money will go till Karetta, he is buying the first car, right?  If you are buying a brand new car now, then why is there a need to buy such a lavish one, brother, you can buy it now and see later, it is decent enough now, so in the same way, just by the desire and amazement of real estate, don't go for fortune.  Ok go for this but go for this because of the now they say no desire to me hey brother desire is still better than you no going traveling in a bus standing or waiting for auto rickshaw and uber rolla it is still better than  That's the exercise, that's the choice. I hope you guys liked these videos. Okay, and please share. And if you have n't subscribed to the channel yet.  If you want to subscribe and join the real estate info group, then it is posted in the comment section. There is a plan to conduct real estate workshops. There is a plan to spread education. There is a plan to explain so that you can take these decisions in your life. That father is listening.  I can also do restructuring of assets, can go towards new things, can go towards better things, old undeposited, unproductive properties, properties in bad location or whose story has been played out.  It is no longer possible to replace them for your own next generation because your decisions in real estate give you respect and standing in your family. Firstly, it is your job. You have done something in the job and you get salary from it. Yes, this or that is normal.  It's a thing, but what decisions did father take in real estate, he defines the wealth of the family and the same stories are told, I do a lot of consultation that our father has wasted money.  He didn't deserve anything, my father was a great man, he took that at that time, he took that at this time, he took that at that time, this is how it happened to me, now I have got all this, now what to do next, so consultation.  So all your fathers who are listening, your report card is that your mother always has a good report card. She has given birth to children and that is the very report card. After that, she spent two-four-five-seven years and all mothers evolve.  If you grow up a bit then mother will always remain exceptional or above average type, her CGPA will remain above 9, mother's father's performance is just on wealth creation that she is nobody judges the father, what he has done, can he be even better?  He may be a clerk or may be at a very high level, children don't judge him, he is whatever he is, but whoever was at that level was at that level.  How was the performance, beyond that a person is judged because the level of many people was very high but the arrow in the pumpkin did not uproot anything, they say that we did not get any benefit from this level of yours, you have done it in your Chaudhary hut but you have got nothing to do. Show, you took a cheap thing there, got stuck there, took something there, it is nothing for us and the same if he is a poor father, he is a relatively poor father and he applied his mind and took advice from his eyes.  If someone takes a decision openly, he eats a lot of bread. Father, I respect my father from 60 to 90. Father, father, it is very good that you have brought us here to do this and to learn because no one is teaching, I am teaching.  Why I'm the Number One Because There's No Number Two That's Possible 70  But it is free and after 30 days it is paid and you can easily join it and increase your intelligence because these are very expensive decisions of life, so I hope you will join, thank you very much.