Hello friends, today's topic is the same Indian most of Assam, okay love, you discuss religion and politics and nowadays you have come a lot, why do you do psychology, what should not be done, should not be done at all, these two things should not be done at all, but workers.  They have become like this, every other person on the road works for some political party and he will not be there for you, everything is in danger, religion is also in danger, the country is also in danger and the arguments will have to be discussed, so I tell you that everyone is conscious through discussion.  what is yours  Many problems in life are like that, what happens is not in the eyes, sometimes what happens in the distance is visible to you, but if you don't tell what is happening nearby, then the time can be passed by the Illuminati who is running the system.  China goes to Ukraine, Putin with these economic crisis jobs, artificial intelligence, talk about far and wide, in your house that is a boy, a girl, he does not pick up on time, there is no bedsheet, I am on him, in your Fox, he is the same.  Do because we immediately move away from whatever issues we have in life, as if we feel that we have a very middle class disease, lower class you will never be seen discussing politics, you will be seen earning money and that too by going and voting for whomever you want.  They do taxes for their own benefit and the rich class doesn't care about their cheats, my cards are also mine, they don't care about their father's, you today, you today, today you, all of us, all of you, our shop.  Yes, okay, have you ever heard that dialogue, the first class enjoys it a lot because when IT tax lady comes, first of all they take her to the question that you are doing some very great thing, then the moment you talk about these things, you are very great and  You see this discussion on TV channels. People are praising on WhatsApp groups in social media. No, this is fine, this is fine, this is fine, hey, whatever are the politics, let's discuss politics first. Whatever these politicians are, this is service to the public.  Of  We ourselves say that we are servants, so since when did we start fighting over servants? Friend, since when did we start fighting over service providers? Does anyone ever fight whether Mukesh Ambani is good or Bhartiya Mittal is good? Not now, what did you say Mukesh Ambani? Bharti Mittal Hey brother, is it run by Jio or is it run by Airtel, so if you like the facility of Airtel, then you take the number of Airtel every day, the payment plan of Airtel has become some of their butter.  Hey Gaya, if we go there then we do n't fight among ourselves, you also thought it was Airtel, I am saying that Airtel is very good, they are servants, politicians are servants, tweet like date because of them, sir sir saying one off, they are servants, they are servants.  Since when did I go to fight, when did you go to fight over the maid, that this one [ __ ] better, you also keep this one, I have also kept this one, it is a very good utensil, sometimes you fight, sometimes you fight over the driver.  yes  My driver is very good, very good, you also do this to the one who has to do what he has to do, brother, you can only give one vote, you one person can give thousand votes, so tell him there is a channel like Something Like, subscribe to it only once.  You can give one like to this video, I am having fun at this moment, I have become bandied about asking for likes, people give likes at this moment, because why am I asking because you can only give one, as soon as the second dog runs away from the first one  If you go, you can't give two but one.  If you can give only one like, then why are you making noise about it? Give it too. Hey, you give your one like, then you can vote as per your wish. Elections are held once in 5 years. You vote for whoever you like, why are you campaigning for me 24 hours a day, you will also do this, you will also do this, everyone will do this, everyone will do this, no, this is useless, this is like this, this is like this, why discuss like this?  you are absorbing man  Do whatever your conscious conscience tells you, go and vote for him, what is the use of discussing him for 5 years because these politicians have made up their mind that they will come and talk about their mother, you listen to him, then listen to his mother, then listen to him, then everyone else.  Listen then listen to him, why are you wasting your time, your Rohit, Neha, he is not studying, he is not getting married, his marriage is not going well, he is not having a child, he is not getting married, he is such a real spice in your life.  I am here and you are here to protest.  For him, you people are protesting against him, this house of yours and your family is falling apart. To protest the country, Rs. 15 lakhs have been spent, not only Army, Air Force, BSF has also been engaged, CRPF has been engaged to do the internal work and so on.  Police led BF, I don't know what kind of system has been put in place, everywhere you have politicians, you have ministers, everything is busy, your role is engaged, CBI is engaged.  AD is engaged in the Finance Ministry, you have to worry about all this and in your house, you are the Prime Minister and your wife, whoever is the Deputy Prime Minister, Home Minister, you are not able to do this, you have to discuss about the people's country. I am not saying to everyone in the country that one should not do it, one should not worry or have an opinion, but Sir, Syllabus Dharmesh, it has been 75 years, some religions have been going on for thousands of years, some religions have been going on for 15-20 thousand years. Some religion is going on, it has been going on for 1500 years, but it has been going on for so many years, friend, it is going on till now, it will continue in the future also, this one will go, no, tax this one, it will be like this, it will be like that, friend, you do it yourself.  If you are then it is okay, you are wrapping the whole world in it, only the middle class is doing it, the poor man is not doing it, the rich man is not doing it, that is why he belongs to the middle class, seeing the truth of his house, he wants less money, his caste is less.  he knows about his child  If you don't get a job, it will cost you Rs 30-40 thousand. If an officer is sitting on a job worth ₹ 2.5 lakh, 3 lakh, then he enjoys discussing something else. It is fun to discuss anything else, except to see his real life.  Because if you see the real thing then the blame will go to him, accountability will go to him, it is always but you talk about politicians and cup telling dam ho bed de yaar when I think Indian politician at the best.  Politicians keep the public in good control by twisting it, this is how the country is kept under control. According to me, on politicians, the public says that they fool me, I have not fooled them, my friend of the public, I am not a fool of the public, I am also a politician.  Understand it is okay, I too have glow on my face, it doesn't look bright, it looks bright, a hemoglobin is not visible, it is not visible at all, have you eaten grapes or pomegranate or are you happy or having fun?  Josh, look at your face, how are the people at home? You are pampering those whose face is so sexy, that means if you had walked 3000 kilometers then your body would be fine, it would be good, 3 hours of torture, 4 hours of torture, everyone according to their own.  They are very fit and singing well and you see this great person of theirs, no friend, look at their face, they are ready to fight with each other, you too, vote for this one, you vote for this one, with whomever you can cast your vote.  There is no one to tell us that it can happen as per our wish, this 5% GDP growth is to be achieved and this situation has to continue, no, after their arrival, we are getting a lot of respect in the country immediately, but your children have gone to foreign countries. You are affected, you are there, good things, be happy, what is the need to fight, you know the man is good, so you vote for him, I will tell everyone, oh brother, his child is not going to a foreign country, he does not need respect.  He wants bread, he wants the same thing, you want this, first comes bread, then comes clothes, then comes house, then comes anything else and whose thing has not been sorted out yet, you are sitting here on Maslow's Hierarchy Need, selfish team also crossed.  After attaining Nirvana, the next guy is eating bread, now you are saying, you two vote for one, Baba, she will not vote, someone else will attract her, someone else will attract her and this customer will remain happy and this is India. Possibilities of so me late date happened same one then this ring you control the other tapka ki no I am fine and you reached here ok you come here you come here now tell me what would you have done if you were in this stage of the situation  What am I supposed to do now that you are here, that's why you are making noise. As soon as poverty is prevalent, there is caste, then of course it will be a matter of religion, but I am telling you that if 10 trillion dollars will go to you then you will do whatever worship method you want at home. Whatever system you make, why are you making another one because right now there are some videos like that of Mukesh Khanna, who is Bhishma Pitamah, all of them are saying that we have to come together, everyone becomes sour, it is not us who is afraid.  Only the one who is not gathering is sour, he is not afraid. Why are you creating fear? Is it necessary to be sour? Is it a cricketer? Which animal is gathering? If you think for yourself, then you are telling someone to become sour because it is sour.  hey brother i I am not making anyone up or down, I am just saying that where there is a brother, the situation is such that you are told that when he is not there, then what is necessary for him to happen, otherwise I am here now, if you will not be there now, then your name will be destroyed.  Hey Bhishma Pitamah, Bhishma Pitamah, I mean, I am saying this to Mukesh Khanna, because it is nonsense, first of all, you did not get married, you do not even know what it means to get together, the tax man will now say to you that you are personalizing.  I am attacking that man who has become so old, okay, I don't have the hair of my age, Gyan's hair is white, my age is less, he is also of the age, when will you go, you reside in the Mahabharata, now you have come to your YouTube channel.  Even after making it, you are talking about 15000 years, everything is going well, there is freedom, government, democracy, secular country, army, media, which is conscious, Vivek Buddhi Jha that now and then.  Vani 3600 years ago, whenever there were daily programs, then we went back to make them straight, now we are in danger, friend, what do you mean by not reading history or do you want to do mine? Mukesh Khanna ji says that on Tuesday you have said that All of you and how will you tell by doing like this because they do it, oh brother, don't do it brother and something so flexible cannot be destroyed because it can be destroyed, now it is glasses, now this is a  It is a rigid and flexible thing. Now any person from outside can come and break this thing and destroy it. The Sanatan Dharma exists in so many places, it exists in nature, it is a caste that worships every animal, it is a caste that worships every tree.  There is a caste that worships wind, there is a caste that worships fire, there is a caste that worships water, there is a caste that worships rivers, whom will you destroy brother, such an eternal person, now I am not praising any religion here. And I am not condemning, I am trying to learn here that brother, be careful, become intelligent, what is your intelligent thing in actual or their religion, what to talk about in acting, you will not speak wrong in someone else's religion.  You will make excuses for your elders and silently reduce them in your life. Now this person sitting idle is acting, he doesn't have any role, otherwise say that he is roaming around, he will like this kind of video, he will share it, now in my family, he will make me happy.  I am afraid of reading pakoras, do I have a brother or not? I am something else, am I not a religious person? I am an astrologer, the one who shows the light of God in astrology is called astrology, who is this people, who is Mukesh Khanna and party relation, survival, survive yourself, many people. Earth's Earth Bill Take Care's Itself This Earth Will Take Care's Itself  Keep it six because you think that you have created so many scandals that the backless will come and we will turn to dust, so whenever you are taking care of it brother, you are not taking care of the earth, you are taking care of yourself, this is how religion is religion.  This is going to be you, always be afraid of your take in this system, whenever you see someone talking about religion, run away from there, say, 'Hat, this one is big, very good, I am in danger, bye bye, don't talk any more'  talk about the country Even if you have given an exam then mother will take it, it is a great patriotism, only you have given the exam, someone has given it, Agni Veer has given it, if it is not Agni Veer's, then who are the officers, NDA or any other exam, have you ever given the story? CDS and other ways, you also gave police exam brother, you gave many exams but did not get selected, even if you had a lot of passion, you will take mother, there is no one of yours from far and wide, it is okay and yours.  Nothing to do with the story, but you get up and go here, I do n't know why I am, what is your agenda, what else are you afraid of brother, you are happy, no sourness is done, it is okay, where in the country the car has not come, it is worshipped.  Water is poured on the tyres. Wherever Rafale goes, he is worshipped. Lemon is also put in his tires. How can that religion be in danger? that religion will be  Is it yours? Since when did you become a threat? You don't want to make it and there are no scripts like this. Send it friend so date. Do people have any thoughts in their mind? Is there anything wrong in this video? I told you about religion. This is excellent. Keep it in your home and do puja.  Reduce everything, don't tell others how to do Sanatan Dharma, accommodation is done, these foreigners too, who become many, read more of our religion and give more knowledge that here, you can do anything for everything. This is acceptable, you are spreading things of intolerance here, Mukesh Khanna ji, why are you doing this? You have so many friends of so many elderly people, you have so much strength in your voice, your style is complete, why are you doing this, friend, why do you keep making videos like this on WhatsApp?  You are spreading it, you are the one spreading whatever you say, we will also do it Tuesday Bill are giving this Bill are giving whatever days are Monday, you are Sunday and I am telling you, I also know [music] and I am killing style by working in America And I am showing it below, I am taking it to a very high level, I am taking religion to a very high level wherever it exists, I am taking it to such a high level that it is a different thing from the one who is talking more about religion.  He is lowering his level, his level is not falling, we have to raise someone of our own, contribute something to him, but there has been some amendment in that too, with the passage of time, who are you spreading brother? you will give whose  You are the one who wants to get something done, you are the one who is getting it done, we are also understanding that we are ours, we will do it, brother, now say this, make it a band, we will do at least what has to be done, it doesn't matter who all went, this is the resilience of the country.  It is very strong, anything can be jailed because there is so much flexibility inside, no one could break it, wherever whoever ruled, all of them went into things, but if we go back then there must be something wrong with our personality, what is it about us?  You have to break the things in our personality, because of which everything happened, taking care of family, being at individual level, being so great that individual cannot be broken, yes organization was not dear armies, I was captured, became slave.  All the programs were done but the resilience at the individual level was very low because the individual did not have a brother. Now you can spread the brother at the individual level.  If you are breaking even the last thing, then what difference will it make? I hope the audience will have understood this thing and will also do this thing and I have talked about a lot of higher order thinking. The channel is about higher order thinking. The channel is off course. If you are less educated, you will not understand.  It is okay because water exists in every country and in every religion and only they capture it because smart intellectuals do not tell you that water exists in every country and in every religion. Exist but their voice is very low and water is the highest and their they say na by de time de truth first time it's leggy liye had song around de world and come back raha tha truth ki main bhi nikal ke jaake Till then I will tell you that she will come back live. In today's era of social media, what is one lie, one hour, two hours, then you will come to know that brother, this was wrong, this was wrong, this was not true, if 2 hours.  You somehow twisted her, she will get destroyed, then how much will she keep saying after that, yes, it was a lie, but it is a very crazy book that will make her drink and that poison will enter her, so please do something to tie this book.  I have tried to twist the truth a little so that it is not of this world but in our small world of yours, the confusion in your group gives you the positive side of the cat, where to fox the golden hand, it is becoming extreme fox.