Hello friends, I have come because of 11 in two films. It is very interesting. It is good for the job seekers. What is the phenomenon and whose side am I in it? I will tell you what to do. It is going to be very interesting. First of all, it is a phenomenon for the people on weekends.  In the job of keeping a BG, the review is on Monday in the corporation sector, did you tell me on Saturday or will someone give such a low salary on Friday that Saturday will turn into Sunday's curd, so many of your places are open on Saturday.  Gone has started to subside and if nothing else, one tomorrow has started saying tomorrow is tomorrow, tomorrow is tomorrow, okay your tomorrow is at 1:00 o'clock, again he has not said, tell me again if it is not, he is busy with that story, go and watch a movie, go out  Girlfriend wife ca n't eat or drink anything, okay this is a phenophena, this is a phenophena, but why has this happened, this is another positive form of phenophena because all these poor people have happened to themselves.  Conversation and discussion are not you, I bat from both the sides, I tell you people, I give consultation here too, like Prashant Kishore ji gave to Congress, he gave to BJP and also to criminal Congress, Nitish Kumar gives to everyone. Now we are doing something of our own, okay, so I am also like this, okay and I am telling Ka, I also tell them how to tighten and I also tell them what to do, batting from both the sides.  does this for free  I do it fine, but nowadays I have started consulting even cooperative employees, so if you are a corporate employee and you are 83 from any situation or from many situations with the company, then I don't think anyone in India is doing it because of copper.  The trainers here are giving obesity to only these people, so they give it to the common man, what will he give to them, motivate them, tighten them, do everything, now understand the joke of IT.  These people are BGing you on Saturday Sunday so that you can start your private company in the name of sitting and everyone has started doing it and it is a very good thing, today no corporate employee is satisfied with one when and whoever is doing it.  The company could grow only because of planting out anytime thanks to power and awareness is being spread life economy is being spread what is there in this If you are an employee then please listen to it. It will be fun. If you are from the IT sector, even if you are from the non-IT sector, you can steal the template to apply the formula.  He will have to use his creativity but the biggest reason is that he just wants to tighten up what the management has done, he knows that he can wish for something more and he knows something. Every employee comes to the office with two phones and does not do anything. If the company does some activity on the laptop given by the company, then I will catch it. Is this not bought with a laptop worth ₹ 1 lakh? If you want to do a small business, then everything is taught to you.  Earlier too, that company used to do snooping on its employees, how was it caught because on its own, you can catch everyone who is doing what on their phone, on their given phone, on any electronic device given by them, now this is their second leak.  There are very interesting videos going on and enjoy watching more. I am the head of a lot of offers. Since my YouTube channel Chale Achhe Chale, I used to tell earlier also that it is okay to come and give knowledge to people according to corporate, that is not from me at all. I can't at all, I can't see any corporate person giving his life for which company, the amount team, I have said that this is Chhath, it should not be done at all, now I am batting for it, no one does anything for it, a poor bus.  In a corporate setting, there is a laugh in the stomach, you will also laugh at this thing, everyone is removing it from there, you are no reduce stress, manage stress, you are happy, this has to be made because I have been called for all these things.  Come on sir, if you don't do this then do this one, hey uncle, why are you giving stress here, I mean it is right that the height should be taken by the doctor sir, you do one here which hurts, then it bandages, oh you are giving this pain.  Why are you staying and for this they have programmed him for his life, but he has to attend the program because he is experienced, that is why I am telling him about the program, when I find out which department you belong to, which is the laziest department, where there is no stress.  It's not only those people who come where the real sex is getting curdled, she is poor, she has not left but she has got money for the program, she gets money, but you also know that and that's what I used to like.  of  Brother, I am a salesman and whoever achieves the target, I am his servant, he feels stressed, then if you are the one with stress, you are the one who is going to achieve the target, you are not getting the review, you are not getting it, your mind is racing as to how to navigate it, it is a maze for him. My tax team does the consultation at a cheap rate. I don't do it at my own rate. My rate was very high. This is done at a cheap rate. I will not do all these games. My tax team is a specialist. He has learned from me too, he has also learned from me and he himself is a great expert, so from him you will get to do direct concentration and you will get to learn and you will have fun. The biggest thing is to give a hint by pressing.  I was going to say, listen, now if you want to do something morally then do it, but I am telling you that you should think that all the employees are doing less for the East India Company in a way and these are the things.  So, should they be helped by brothers and sisters and should they not be helped? There is an IT company, its project is running in Poland or Switzerland or it is running in such and such manner and it has taken huge amount of money and this one is an employee star.  It is like the employee team is the one who has to do the coding and wedding. He is the star employee. His life is fine and he is not living it. He is talented and he is paying less than the company.  It has been very good sir and every day you have done this, you are getting salary and this project is doing it. This company of the project is giving so much money to this company. What, brothers and sisters, if this is the star artist then will he leave his company and go to this company?  By typing this directly from a person, it can cost Rs. 110 for this company. This is the template. This is the template. Good clients. Hey, this will be a fraud. How will the company be cheated? How will someone take business from another company? You have created your own company, you have become a company, you have left that company, that company, you were just studying behind in that company, that was draining your life, and you are talented, your crying was only because you are hardworking, intelligent, good.  If you have the strength then try it and if you don't have it then stop then there is only one thing, power is there, torture is happening to you, whether it is going right or wrong, if it is going right then keep getting it done because you are a fool and you are trash.  ok we will read And if you are a horse, you know that you are intelligent, you have power, you are the star and the second thing is nothing else, three to five of your team who are terrorizing, take it with you also to those who will not be on my role because then I  I will also become like this company in the future, I will make more detailed videos in future. These companies which are running, in future there will be thousands of companies and every two employee will be a company with three employees, one employee is an implant, the company with 10000 because  If it is worth Rs 10000, then the system has become so much that terrorists will do it, they have something to do with the process, they have something to do with the discipline, the discipline should be right, but I have nothing to do with anything else, there is a joke about this in Haryana.  Okay, it's not a big deal, brother, a soldier from Haryana, sometimes this happens to many people when they live in the system, they have to live in the system, I am not disrespecting them, it is okay and even in pain, they read it, which is okay openly.  Let me tell you, one of my army brothers comes, the discipline is very good and he comes on leave at home, when he comes on leave at home, you have seen that when he comes, everything is going well, he is a buffalo, he is milking it in the morning and  The music system is on, it's okay, they are milking, the buffalo is milking, and it is happening four groomsmen, make it a very sophisticated, good one, etc. everything is for the sake of its fatness, Rakhi and color are also being used. so friend  Meaning, that buffalo is at the center of activity. If the buffalo gives milk like this, you say, you will milk, but I will not milk, then it is okay. If it starts milking, then the comfort level of the buffalo is not right, neither is there music, nor is it color, it is that shade.  Even if the buffalo doesn't kick or give milk, then only he charges the sorrow, then he takes out anything else but ultimate non- story short, he says that he would come, someone else asks him, then he says that he wants it in every way, I say that  Discipline has to be corrected, I don't want milk, so sometimes what happens is that you are a stupid people, those who only want to correct your discipline, they don't want milk. You have understood from this joke, from this story, that some people are just.  Gate process is being done, this is happening in many companies, it is less where the upper ones should only do the processing, it is the habit of the buffalo to give milk in a relaxed manner, it is getting good water, good bathing, good things have been done from above and I am telling. I am from Haryana, I have not settled in the village but so people are in touch and I am in touch with me, small things make a difference, how is the buffalo drinking water, how is it eating, how is it in the mood. Do it with things, good milk comes out of it, consult some body and he will go away again, how many days leave did he come, 15 days leave, do that, spoil his buffalo, spread it, then go for what he wants, then what if you  Want this kind of thing, want to understand, want to do it and if you have to treat yourself like this on weekends, then do it with a company which is not giving you salary on Saturday and Sunday. When employment is given, it does not even check the terms and conditions.  Sir, how many hours do you want to reduce? 10:00 o'clock tomorrow, 10:00 o'clock, tomorrow, 11:00 o'clock.  You have given birth to children, give us some chance, this is not to reduce, no, I have got married, I am shameless, you will say how are you, if it is true, then I will tell you a simple thing, Nisar will do it tomorrow, so what should we say, what should we do, after doing this, I will ask questions.  Don't even miss it, it happened yesterday, then sleep with your mobile band tomorrow. It is necessary to give all the phones which you have given to the bus. You also have your wife's phone. There will be some emergency in your house, that is why you have kept it ahead for the night.  This is what the phone will be for  Do that office band, Sir, the battery had gone off. Urgent Sir, I support you, actually pick up tomorrow Sir, Exit Part of D Games Sir, meaning you get salary, you get only 24 hours to reduce it, this time, do it like this and talk exactly how.  Have to do Ad Bank, how to end the pain, it is necessary, there must be many people who are running their companies, who are working on scenario positions, oh no, no brother, every friend is necessary, if you are running such a good company.  If it had stock then why not tear it down, I don't know where it would have reached. You are only reducing the average. Quarterly results are not flooding in your quarter. You have so many employees. You are sitting with too much. You don't know how to reduce it. More people are put in higher positions. They don't have to justify their packets of ₹ 8090 lakh dead crore 2 crore and we have made the lives of juniors happy and they all come to me. I was consulting astrologer to get rid of their sorrow.  There was no consultation, you need a corporate lady, why are you spending more money, don't take money from me, there is an expert team, they will teach you how to become a good player, that bowler is hitting bouncers, you need someone to learn something, for the poor corporate employee.  There is no one, those tax payers come with a junk motivation very well duet, this is the one who is going to teach you, someone is going to bat on your behalf because I believe  If every citizen in India is happy, is stress free, some money is working, somehow the country is also working by doing one's own business, Dubey, doing all this is not having any negative impact on my country, I am very very clear that in the organization,  A dirty box, a dirty bus is spoiling the lives of 500 employees and the 500 are not spoiling their families because of the game, because now a lot of coaching has been done here too.  It's time to do good gram, it's okay, so I have to do some coaching, now I am stopping doing this because a stage has come when you become a lawyer and you learn how to do all kinds of things. But sometimes you feel that it is too much, it has taken a lot of work, now this has to be reduced as advised, officially, legally and Murali, you are justified in telling anybody anything in consultation, but I see that this is Pratap Na Ho Ki Bhai. It will be less wrong because people are thinking so much about the marriage issues going on in the market. What is happening in office is also bearing in the quality of life. You tell me about your married life and the way your married life is.  Quality of life is not directly in the control of your idiots. Don't you want to get back date control. If you want it in the way of roaming then I will make the video for free also, it is not like that if you  Do you want, if you want, if you want, no, no, we are just middle class, we just have to learn to work hard, just keep motivating me that this time will also pass, this is a big time, it will never pass, just bad and bad.  And they will become useless and desperate because what is happening I bill tell you that every man who is intelligent is going up, going up, going up, releasing at some time is nonsense and taking out salt, note this.  Staying in these other so called co-operates and organizations after 40 and send those who go back are sadistic narcissistic negative people, this kind of people stay and do this to everyone, let's not do it to everyone, I do it to 95% except 5.  I am giving it to you so that you think to yourself that you have a misconception that if you like her in five, then 100% according to me, it is okay to eat the butt, don't believe that you are big.  I give 95%, I myself am sitting on the board of three companies, four are doing economy, are running five businesses, are doing all the work. Okay, the resources of the organization are being used by the four people for their personal purposes.  He is a sycophant, he gives a knock salary, the organization reduces only his own and others', he is a donkey and Vishal is not that much, so don't take tension if you want Malik.  The tension is that 75 out of 100 belong to your company, so you are taking 85 of yours, Malik is sitting on 75 that you will be thrown away like a tight song, you will not be able to walk much, you are saying that I am a mental agent, I am hardworking, that is why I am mine.  You are getting respect, you are getting respect because you are ready to exploit yourself, hence you are getting a little more life and you will be relieved that this juice will be taken out, I will go further.  When you will not be able to go here then you will get another donkey or horse, whoever catches him will run till here, after that another one will go, then you will get this realization that if you go first then you will limit yourself to running so fast.  Earn salary by reducing the setting at 67%, earn money also, do not be unfair and do not indulge in too much more money and do something of your own, then I will give you training and history in doing that thing, which is yours.  The woman is sitting at home, is n't she most likely a housewife? Please give her a loving name. Give her the same name as Aadhaar and PAN. Give her PAN card to form a company and property. Earning money is fine, where everything will be yours, she will have only her name and also a job.  He runs the house and is also running a business in my name. That money is also coming to me. I am defining the syllabus and what are the possibilities. The story here is motivational and uncle China and  If you do n't get anything by doing something like this, if you want to do something practical then tell me and please join me only the one who wants to do something, don't get involved, just tell me, you tell me, not the one who is doing something and wants to do it.  And this thing which I have told you in a subtle way is understanding what has ever been said then if you understand and want to add that of you welcome organization then I will tell you further what will be the process thank you very match