Hello friends, today's topic is specifically for boys and girls, if you are watching then you can watch and enjoy, it is for war, for boys, date is the same, you should not fall in love, that means do n't get into this trap.  What are the benefits and should it not be put and this flower is just too much, it is fine and it will give more pain and will not take you anywhere in life, I am trying to give a little logic, since 18 years you can address this thing, you can use it in any  You will go to college, go to any setting, your college is very poor, it is not very good, it is not on rank, it is not ITM, it is not even NIT, it is below that, it is below that, there is one below that, there you will definitely get opposite sex, boy or girl.  So let's meet, okay now the girl over there, if people want to understand this video by watching it from a success point of view, then I would think that they are not listening in a pragmatic manner and are watching those girls pass their time and achieve more in life.  not by achieving They can also get a post, they can get married, they can become a housewife, 90% of the time it is like this, the boy's will not work but he is getting that feeling on time, but he has the same system as the girl's, she is in the same college.  If I am there then the ecosystem is here but it is not necessary that she is hanging out with you. If she is in a romantic relationship then will she marry or will she open up to get married? There the boys who are working hard are making less, more money, less.  Because it's just Looking for this thing is good, talks good, talks good boy, ultimately what you will become in only marriage market, decided by exactly what you are doing, has much mani making potential, has it is not decided, boy's future, how he looks, how he doesn't decide.  When he decides what he does, how much money he earns, when he decides, then Krishna, who is four-five-six years old, reduces his life to his own limits.  The more you increase your mani making potential and the sooner you move on that path, the chances of you attracting a good spouse or getting a spouse the way you felt and wanted will be higher. Otherwise, this is the message, then you will remain negative that girls cheat. Girls are like this, girls say like this because it will be off course, you don't have that much time to pass, girls are so greedy, why shouldn't they be greedy, they get married and have children.  You have to put your life on the line with someone, brother, Bill, they should not be chicks, Narmada Kingdom, which is the animal kingdom, has a female in it, because of this there is a lot of technicality in her life. What is there in a man's life, if there is nothing and that is why then why?  I am feeling chilly, why are the boys feeling so much that Han, leave me in this, Han is worth leaving, so chhutoge you want to see, then it means Han, this is the meaning of this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is this, yours should tell me.  If you are a father or mother, then you should call your son and explain that if you have to attract a lot, because the girl will doubt that I need you to waste your time, baby did not talk, did not answer WhatsApp, did not give it to the baby, you have given time to the baby, time will be taken by you.  Okay, you are nothing, she will go away with some other baby, with an open mouth, I want money in life, and the focus should be clear that if I am not able to do this, then I am not in my society. Value is over, they go on comfortably for a long time, see for yourself, see how many housewives there are in the middle class, check for all the boys who listen to me, see what your mother is like, see your aunt, see your grandmother.  Look at your aunt, look at your aunt, give it to your aunt, look at anyone, look at your relations, who knows what, what not to do, it has turned out well, uncle is doing great, uncle is having fun, uncle is doing it.  Aunty will get everything good after getting married and Khudi said, Son, please take it easy, son, I mean, daughter, please reduce some of yours, you have come out in our company, yours will not come out, your father also does not have any such money and the girl is like a girl.  You are looking very cute in the circle, you are looking good, then the sooner you will be like this, then do not waste serious strong days, this is your war, it feels like a big three-four punch, but it is fun and it may last for hours.  to get drunk  People also think that this is equivalent to this, this is also an addiction, everything happens like this, you will not get anywhere if you get interrupted, this will definitely happen and the maturity levels which are these days on these rules on Instagram and this which  The relationships that are going on superficially and the time is running out, most of them settle down and give up, then they are not able to even get married, they are able to delay, the heart gets broken, the bitterness goes to the girls, the girls go to them. So you people will have to elevate yourself here and you will have to stop wasting time in this and focus on your code date this message thank you