Hello friends, today's topic is very simple, brother, you should not read self books, it is very good, you also need motivation, by the way, you are communication [music] on Adarsh ​​ho you do, many things are good, go start in 25 years.  There is no time to learn how to talk, start talking, you will automatically start knowing how to talk, you will start getting feedback, you will not become less, you will improve yourself, you will be done in four years.  Isn't it Baba Kant's preparation because whatever I am telling you to everyone, we are all listening, you are listening, life is going on in meter town, this time is running out, we cannot wait till intermediate, I will learn from this book.  I will learn it from the book, start reducing, do anything, the thing which I want is your oil, youth is, please stop speaking respect in what you do, please stop in your job and what you do. Go in for D Experience Knowledge Skills and Mani Just concentrate on date marriage market Old market Conventional thinking has conditioned us First you go for D Suit boot tile and sit in your house Sit like this I am sitting Sit yourself  No, I will get an office, I will be found there, I will go like this, I will be seen like this, then I will be treated like this, then it will be like this, then it will be like this, then he will treat me with respect like this, then I will tell, I would have done this less.  Then I will take this position of mine, you can reduce anything, all these books which have been written were written in old teams, this is Ever Changing World, the advice given today, after three months, the tweet again accepts and asks for change, very-very fast.  Evolving World: The man who will remain flexible in this will not be rigid, will not have patience, will you, you have done one thing, you are looking for something there, Blue Ocean Operation is fine, opportunities are coming somewhere, easy things are not coming there, you are not paying attention.  Someone else is going and he is going ahead and by the time he goes ahead, the world comes to know that with great faith and sincerity, when you are sitting at home preparing, you are not meeting.  Anybody nothing happening in your life and you will have such knowledge for 5 years no one can monetize that knowledge no date box in the real world and you are not and meaning you know what you do with your life Please start going out because a lot of people are in touch with me. Like what should I do? I just tell you my daily routine. You keep sitting at home, do this thing. I am spending 16 hours at home, 7 hours at your show and 16 hours at home.  Do whatever you want, someone or the other will collide with something or the other, how to go without less, find less, find one less, second, do less, third, do many, you will automatically start knowing what to do in that city.  There is no shortage of something to do, this is the time when you can do anything in our country, people wanted to do a lot, there was an operation, there was no opportunity, so some particular jobs were given up, I got the required share of respect, now those jobs are still there.  Attraction opportunities are commanding in front of them Kabaddi players become jewelers Kabaddi players first had shortage of Kabaddi then now they have shortage of jewelery What will the world think  What you are doing go and just do it this is a gem there is in it and there is something to be launched because of course if there is a gem in this other good thing it is worth in daring same society ₹150 fit something good is not happening so c Open to all possibilities only I am saying most of the youth, today I have done B.Com and then Chartered Accountancy.  Then this is the sky is the limit, you can do anything, just think that I can do three-four things, what is the benefit of doing three-four things, one person will bump into them, ultimately you will end up doing one thing only but  In which you have crossed the hurdles, where your success has been achieved, where you have found someone, there will be networking, where you have understood, where your Nikhil has come out, when you will come out of the house, because the one who has not been removed from the house,  He will never come out, never ever, he is waiting for when the exam date will come, when will he prepare, today the cut off is left at four marks, the cut off is left at two marks, then he will say, he has no reservation, I don't have it, he has it, so it will tell you in the story.  All these things have other effects on Indian system which is anyway very far from the Indian system. Okay, so you have to look at these things like this. I am doing one more thing towards this. I will be conducting webinar on weekend. I Kant Tel will put it in the planner schedule from D date because of it but it will definitely happen and you don't have to do anything in it. I will give you the link of my own app. If you download that app now in the comment section, then you will get a notification about it.  I am telling you in different types of wagonrs in it, there will be a separate income for the teachers and there will be separate income from tennis, the idea of ​​ladies will be for those children who are doing their jobs, what practical skills and  If the talent that can be developed can be monetized, then you get money in the market because you will not think from the beginning to earn a lot of money in one thing, earn a little money in many things and then progress, then you will reach such a level that  You will start getting it in one thing but in the beginning you are not getting it right now, people are doing this so please do that, just download this link and please like this video and share it with your friends.  Thank you very much