Hello friends, this video is about which two places you should not buy property and this video is being made because respected Akshay Srivastava ji who is a popular financial influence has made it and said that if you should buy it here then I am not just for the sake of it.  I am making my reasoning for buying it, I will tell you the names of two places, Goa and Dubai, in both the places you should not buy property at all. A recent video of Akshar ji has come. If you have not seen it, then watch both the videos.  You will be able to enjoy. I have a lot of common subscribers too, so they must have seen it. The video has been made just for the sake of argument, not to enjoy. And Akshat ji, if you are listening then it would be good if you have a counter opinion because if.  You destroy this opinion also then you are a master this is what happens in life that someone has this opinion and you tell some these facts and this person can  Give again better counter facts then it becomes that his opinion is good and people are agreeable and democracy is influence market. Write in the comment section that I am Guruji from Gurugram. If you like mine better then write mine. If you like his then write his.  It will be clear if you write down the name of the winner. Okay, write down my name. Two things. I am the number one clarity giver on real estate. I will also tell you who created it.  Okay, keep watching the video, it's okay, so let's start with Goa. First we will catch Goa and then Dubai. Okay, whenever Akshar ji makes videos, he always has ' And' and he has made ' Practically'. He says five-six times that ' Practically, I have bought it.' I have done it. Whenever any influence in life starts telling about his life, who I am, where I live, how rich I am, what I have invested, I am never telling him that even a single thing.  He is telling a lie, I am not saying it at all, no one does, if people show it as per the proof then it is a lie but I am saying it, still it is not a beneficial thing, the reason behind it is that you will not be told that Akshat ji has bought that property. Bought in 2021 or 22 when Covid valuations were down. Now in 2024, if those people are listening to the video, it is like financial influencers from all over the world will also buy crypto currency from the world. Can they afford to lose money? If anyone is making money then that investment of Rs. 5 crores is just two months' income or one month's income. Brother, he can invest it anywhere but you don't have to invest it, you don't have to invest it for anyone.  And the one who has that much money should not be put there. Do not put anyone in Goa. Big builders are coming to Goa. So what happens when big builders come? The builders will benefit. 32 lakh population in Goa.  Yes, I will tell you this through this video, yes, it is going to be a very good video and I will tell you logically so that you do not get trapped and I am the only one who has been shouting through the roof for the last four years about real estate will do.  Well, these are the financial issues, now this one is coming and that one is the one living in Raipur, I am forgetting the name, okay, they buy that property themselves, all of them said this 2 years, 3 years ago.  They are saying that brother, SIP is good, stocks are good, in real estate the rental yield is low, this is low, that is low, did not allow anyone to buy, bought it myself, sold the courses myself, did all the marketing, did everything, if money came from it then  All the big money goes into real estate only. If I earn even bigger money than that financially then at one stage it goes into real estate and now these people have come with a straight face and are giving knowledge on real estate and giving courses on real estate.  Are Incidentally, I also have a course on real estate, it is the number one course in India and it is very expensive. If you want to take that from Srivastava ji and it is written that there is no one like it, my content is very rich and I have been doing this for many days.  If I am doing this, it is not that I am doing the same, it is a very expensive course, many people have attended it and I do not give any testimonials, nor do I tell the syllabus, I also tell their syllabus, I do not tell in the syllabus if my real estate course.  If you want to join, you will not have to pay RE MP on my number, so I want to talk logically from the video of Akshar Shri Srivastava ji that the concept of Air BnB in Goa is not long lasting, people do not go to Air BnB.  Indians don't want to save money anymore, women don't want to go and cook food, just because he is working for you, he is working today as if the world was working then he is not doing it, it is not a  Sustainable it is like saying a trader shows that I am an option in the future, brother, I have earned money, you also come and do like this, you ca n't, you can't, you can't, there is too much garbage in Goa, the locals have become very anti once There may be change in politics whether Congress comes or Aam Aadmi Party comes and there will be that anti-outsider sentiment, you will sit with your white elephant, no one is telling me this, no, I have earned if you have.  A dead property, a flat whose valuation should have been Rs 70 lakh, suppose someone bought it for Rs 40, then his rental ID will come, but after that, should I buy it for Rs 90 lakh? This is the question when it is said that I am buying it for Rs 6.  If I am earning rental yield, then I have to tell that I have bought this property yesterday and I am earning at Rs. 6 and you buy it today and you too are earning at Rs. 6 from the day before tomorrow.  Will you earn or else I took it at 202122 at depressed valuations and on those valuations I am getting it at 6 because those valuations were depressed. You are understanding what I am trying to say and I will tell you the markets and I will tell you  The Reason You Stay on Real Estate Like I explain, what I explain, the factors I consider, what happens right in the video  Come and say that you can do it while sitting at your place. Now you are doing it while sitting, so today I gathered some courage that instead of sitting on the sofa, I should sit outside the house for a while so that it is not said that it is okay not to go out and say something like that.  Now let's give who invested how much, who owned how much in real estate, what is it for me, what did I do, she became convincing and if I don't go, she does n't take a photo and if I go, I will take a photo and show it, there is no logic on that that I did this.  did it  Because what people say is that I did this, no one tells me when I did it, I am telling a lie again, I am saying this with full respect to Akshat ji also, I am saying this with full respect that whatever you have said, you have done, there is no doubt in it.  No, but when did they do? They are saved in the story. Another man cannot rape. You are living in Goa. Your knowledge of local will be more and you can get out any time. You know when the things start going. Air BnB can be managed. Air BnB is a flood concept in Indian settings. When Indians go on a trip, if their wife goes and makes roti, she says, Bhai tane meri roti pawani thi, if the flour was to come, then I will make it at home only. Why should I go out? People go for a change. People go for relaxation that is not available. These [ __ ] will come to Air BnB and drink alcohol.  Law and order issues, this boy and girl, these issues, you will have to handle them also, that manager will not handle them. You have ever taken him in any society, there like Akshat ji calls me uncle ji, although I am not much older than him, I have knowledge.  Hair is white and then that's datchi hai uncle ji some uncle some random uncle no there is no random uncle troubling Akshat ji other than me I am the only uncle ji ok hai troubling and there  Are we even more, uncle ji who is actually much older in age than Akshat ji, I am older than Akshat ji in single digit age, okay, not less than a decade, okay, there are many people who are decades older than me, brother, he is never there.  Will change the policy and then also tells that this is the Portuguese law and it is so difficult. Learn from me, brother, where there is such degree of difficulty, why am I saying this when you  Hanging fruits are that Akshat ji does not know much about Gurgaon or Noida. He is scaring people here by taking the name of a super tech. Oh, that is very past and by taking the name of that project, he got a position there also. For his information, affordable housing is a thing in Gurgaon where people took flight for 25 lakhs Akshat ji and they are getting 30 35000 rent which translates  Rental yield at 15 There are people in Gurgaon who are getting Rental yields at 25 but certain stuff again I am the same thing, I will not put out paid content to downplay anyone, I am more but what I am trying to do is 1010 lakhs  People have also taken rooms in which the fare is Rs 20-2 per month. I am talking about Gurgaon, that too is real estate.  Don't think this is a flat worth Rs. 6 crores today in Gurgaon there are flats which are attractive rent of Rs. 1.5 lakh, their market valuation may be higher today but at the price at which they had taken it earlier, they also got 67% of it. Here's How You Calculate the Rental If I Buy a Flat for ₹1 Crore and I Get Let's Say ₹ Lakh Today and That Flat  Is Worth ₹ Crore So If I Sell It I Will Get 2 Crore To 5 Lakh Divide By 2 Crore Is 2.5 But 5 Lakh By 1 Crore Is 5 Par How Do You Every Because People In Gurgaon Have But Lot Of Under Construction Properties And Under  What is yours in construction is the price that increases at the end of the day you have to buy properties where people will stay and I  Will tell you now let's quickly jump to Dubai. There is no tax in Dubai. There is no tax on agreed rental income. There is no tax on agreed rental income. Agreed is fine. Rental agreed at 4 5 but this thing has not been told that how much is the maintenance. Extremely Extremely Extremely Extremely High in Dubai Properties Once You Calculate They Will Translate into 1  2 3 But please go and check, it was not told that maintenance has to be paid brother, rent has to be increased, Ukraine war is going on, Russian war is going on, there is a crisis in Syria, then real estate ran there and ran inside Dubai.  But brother, it is still stagnating, it has run out a lot and the supply is unlimited. Brings out this fact in this video, why should I say that it has not been said and I have said enough that it is.  So that property is like this, friend, you tell me the exit route, but for me, brother, it is not enough, I had also told you, so brother, why put it in that lump, there are six to seven good properties in India worth Rs. 5 crores. You can buy in cities like Pune. In cities like Bangalore, in cities like Gurgaon, wear in rental rates will be at 5 to 7. Capital appreciation will be at 5 to 7.  Minimum on under construction property 10 to 12 in on absolute basis if it is a thing of 70 lakh then it is getting 77 lakh but you are not paying 70 lakh you are paying 10 12 14 lakh There are schemes which come in 20 30 50  By doing this there are schemes which come in 1090 2080 also and you make  Hell lot of money if you put it in excel it is just that you are not exposed to it you are exposed to builders because you go to dubai you get to know builders woh builders ke naam leke main kabhi famous nahi karta like hei in his videos  He will take builders because it is a promotion, why should I give money to anyone for free, I do not take money from anyone, I do not work for anyone for free, I can tell. How many great builders are there in Gurgaon, whose products have gone from where to where and people have enjoyed that wealth creation? You come to Goa sitting in Goa, come to Goa, Goans do not want Goans in Goa, let outsiders come, Akshay Srivastava ji, you are inviting people to Goa.  But the people of Goa are saying don't come friend, you are spreading filth here and that is a big issue which is happening in Goa that same thing is happening in  In Dubai, of course, I explain all those things on the political channel, but brother, have you heard something called what happens in India and the things that are happening in India, Hindu and Muslim, is it enough to give a hint or can you give further narrative in India. You know what is going on, what time is going on in the future, but to earn money there, we do not remember when and where whose shop is closed, live political, you understand something, you live. Political tension, geo political, no, nothing like this will happen, it is not like that, how do you know, how do you know whose program will be, I don't know, some big person has to take a call, there are people who are coming from failed countries and rich people come.  And they are fooling the price if you have a net worth of 100 crore 200 crore 300 crore 500 crore you are going to buy  A 5 Crore Property Is Peanuts It Is Of No Consequence To You And You Are Not Buying There Because Your Property Will Become 8 Crore And The Rental Will Come More You Are Staying There Because Of The Tax Benefits You Make It A Place To Stay At  If you are staying in India and you are investing there, you do not want to live in Dubai and have nothing to do with Dubai, then brother, do not invest money because India  Do you know what to do with Rs. 100000000000000000000000000000000000000 off Money off in India. If you know, I teach you this in my courses, then I will give you a little hint of my famous one. You can acquire multiple properties in India using tax benefits. Even in India, you can get a rent of ₹ 1.  Only 70 counts and big nose. Even in India, choir property has multiple members. Everyone has a mother, father, wife, children, everyone is Hindu in different ways.  If there is an undivided family, if there is a company, there are big ways, then it can be made very tax efficient in India and you have the feeling of being a thing within your country, plus India has the population, the infrastructure in Bangalore is so-so and now D.  K Shivkumar ji is doing a lot there and you can and the good thing is taking opposition on board also and opposition is on board and a lot of road words passed under all this  If it is being built, then the property there is increasing so much because the population there has become so many crores, it has become 1.5 crores and is increasing, so there is no space, so things will progress only in such a place. Pune is another Cosmoprof years and it will give.  You a rental of 85 90000 on position do you want to know the builder do you want to know the project why are you taking people to go you  No Goa and Dubai Goa and Dubai are NFT of Real Estate Non Fungibility My all channels and we can all go and check on social platform Who is influencing how many people ok and come to know in comment section Quality of comments come to know  Go and see the comment section of his video This video End see the comment section of mine To abhi ban raha hai I don't know what comments will come but I am presuming because I am number one  Who made me number one? I made myself. No one makes anyone with a 56 inch chest. Everyone makes themselves after being measured. You also make yourself. What's the problem? I have red hair, I have studied, I will  Not Tell Anything Because Why Should I Tell What I've Studied Where I Learned What is this and what I'm saying should be important Where did I learn the game of chess?  There is no meaning, move on, checkmate checkmate, answer from where have you learned, who has learned, whose logic is it, tourist places will not do well, I have told about it, he runs away once, look at Ayodhya, it has become political, I have even seen the videos. Earlier also I had told people that something political has happened, go and enjoy, do not invest in tourist places, this excitement remains my own, I am telling you about Gurgaon.  It takes a lot of life to rent a car even in the same city. I wake up and run an Air BnB in Goa. It is not someone's business. I will give you a classic example. This will rest my case. There is a person and not this. I have checked this 10 times.  I have a habit of talking to taxi drivers whenever I visit normally, as if I was talking to a taxi driver in Gurgaon many years ago. History It was a half an hour a this thing Had to be dropped at the airport So he says Sir I earn so much money Dh 2 lakh He said something then he narrated his back and forth story that for how much did you buy this car and how did you buy it He says Sir what happened to me  Then I called my brother from Bihar that I will get two cars and then I will earn this much. Then I said again, I said, your earning is double. They say double, but brother also had to pay money. He then says that it is his idea.  The extended family members were called and the villagers were also called and he thought that if I take out seven vehicles then my salary will increase because I have learned how to drive, where to stay and how to do so, the fact of my father says that sir, I have less money left. Couldn't because now the guy who was driving the car was not mine, my brother still earned money and gave me money but the one who was not my brother who earned was an ex- person from somewhere in my village, he used to say that today  Engine oil leaked, today the car collided, today we went there, today we went to Manali, today the policeman told this story that people are taking money like this, there is nothing left, so whatever looks good on paper is  Can't manage, this is the biggest problem, I look at the logic, I am a taxi driver, I am driving a taxi and I am having savings of 1.5 lakhs, okay now if I draw another car and I pay the driver from lets.  0000 for his stuff to these per edge per two conditions paper conditions he should give me ₹ lakh because 1.5 lakh is what I am making 50000 is what I am giving ok now put operational degradation factor say like bhai kuch to woh banda khayega piega  Will not drive with that much devotion Will not maintain that shocker properly Acceleration will be bad  25000 and deduct 75, then I should get it, but then you realize that it becomes a loss making thing, he does it for himself, thinks of taking out his car, gradually does something wrong, he transfers the money to someone else and gives it to someone else.  He earns something and does something else because you are a driver and you went there, Sambalpuri dropped it in the middle, what have you done, are you installing CCTV cameras every day?  If you are doing audit then brother, you are taking trouble, better buy something clean and tidy, flats are available for 70 80 90 lakhs, within Pune they are available for 65 lakhs and the rentals are 32 35 40 fully furnished 38 39 40000 Bangalore.  This thing is happening inside affordable housing in Gurgaon too. This thing is happening inside affordable housing in Gurgaon, so it is too late. Inside Gurgaon, there were plots of 60 yards, Sushant Lok One, Sushant Lok Two, DLF Edge Three Five and all those places, calculate the rental rate for some time, so brother, I think 100% is coming, 100% means as many houses as there were total. That much rent is coming in a year, can you believe it but it was taken 1015 years ago, so people have minted money in Noida Gurgaon. And Mumbai and every where and here the population is increasing, noise is increasing, Indian settings are there, Indian law is there, you can see, understand, control, can talk directly. Dubai is a very fancy thing in witch in my opinion Dubai.  If I don't want to go then I rest my case, tell me how did you guys like it, many things are visible as they told, this is investment grade property, if you take it as normal then it will be of no use, I am saying in Gurgaon.  In Pune, Bangalore, you have taken the normal one, you have also taken the good one, it will work there too, so this is the investment that the risk reward ratio is always in favour. The risk reward ratio is not favorable when you invest in Goa and you invest in Dubai. It is just  Not in favor for the quantum of risk you're taking The reward is not a common rate What are you getting?  You are getting 45%, I am giving you this much, here you tell me exactly, and it is not some random person doing this or that, this work is being done professionally, so don't take me as just a normal uncle, this uncle ji knows a lot.  Okay and what I'm telling you is also coming from practical only and people who have but and have enjoyed this are the ones who are in the knowledge of  This fact is that brother, there will be no benefit in going to Dubai because your supply in Dubai is regulated by their establishment, as soon as the rent goes from 4 to 5, the rental goes up and if it goes a little above 5, they increase the supply but the supply is never there.  Don't increase it so much that the rental yard falls below four and the whole thing is like 'Himself Bod in the Video' is coming in South Dubai, it will keep going on brother.  It is a desert, keep running in a line as much as you want and the population there is about to come from outside countries. When these wars from outside will subside, then someday this cycle will also change, then he will not be there, second thing, let me tell you, Vaastu is bad.  Dubai's age is an architectural thing, I am telling you that according to me, don't invest, there is no greenery, there is no that kind of life, people have come from failed states, they are of multiple nationalities, inside there people feel alone in Dubai.  If you stay no, you feel known, yes, I have returned after traveling for 15 days. I have returned after traveling for 10 days. I have had a meeting and have taken photographs.  After spending two-four months here, brother, there is no taste in living and there is no taste. All these big film stars, Shahrukh, Vivek Gabrai, many people have bought Villa Shila for them. gone away  If pollution comes here and goes there, then it's good, but investment cannot be done on this basis. It is not increasing. There is no capital appreciation happening. Market in Dubai will stagnate and fall in the next five years. This is my clear prediction for more than 5 years.  There is no need to tell anyone who has seen so much of the world, whatever forecast is there is for three to five years, what can be expected from the next three.  You should note that there is no appreciation of property in Dubai, the supply is high and all the people who wanted to settle there after getting the terminal have come and settled and it is just that the people there who left their countries and are other wise.  There is no taste, save tax, but how much are the expenses, how much is the maintenance and other aspects will also have to be mentioned. Yes, there is no tax on rental income in India, if it is on ₹ 1000000.  There is tax on 70 rupees but if there is tax then there are many benefits and things too. Your capital appreciation is one of them plus your own country plus collection of tax on rent. If there is any issue in the rent then what will you do and how will you go?  What will you do, law is the biggest thing, which one and then that factor which I told just 15 seconds in the middle, you will always have that, it will have an impact on our country.  In whose name politics is being done, in whose name it is being done and in whose name it will be in the near future, what does it have to do with whose name it is being done and what is the link, so please do a little extra polling and the same thing is in  Goa Goans are not welcoming outsiders in Goa, which is good because outsiders have created a mess in the tourism of a lovely place with a population of 32 lakhs. We spoil all our beaches by going there and the local villages have talked about imposing tax on them that if you pollute, then don't clean it, people come to the beach for free and then there is this air. BNB and this property and these big builders will go and give plot failure, there is no taste and suddenly you release when Laksh SW comes up we will come in next to the four years plus this  Your eggs will be something like meat. People will have the option. No one goes to Goa 10 times. Went once. Went twice. After that no one is going to go. This is what tourism looks like when Ram Mandir ji was built in Ayodhya. Ram Mandir is also like this.  It seemed that not many people come to see it, now it cannot be done on that basis, that is because it would have worked in India, but what ever works in India beats that thing, so go the conventional way. Low hanging fruit is where the risk reward ratio is favorable go and buy stuff in cities Pune Bangalore Mumbai Gurgaon Me B Noida Ok Delhi People used to say after Delhi that no property is being sold in Delhi nor is anyone buying, defaming Delhi like this  Rental lease in Delhi 1.5 Delhi Nobody is buying property No one is buying any property in Delhi Proper Delhi Only the Delhi seller sells something and breaks it.  Only those who buy it, outsiders do not buy. Outsiders buy in Gurgaon or Noida or Greater Noida or Mumbai or Pune or Hyderabad or Kochi or a little in Jaipur or a little in Ahmedabad or Kolkata or Chennai or all these.  These things are 10 12 15 cities, just this city and one of them goes ahead, then one comes back, one goes ahead wherever you understand in these cities which suits your budget, a person from UP Bihar who  UP will not buy property in Bihar, does not want to buy, does not want to settle there, wants to buy somewhere outside, for them the things I told are the choice, please do not go to Dubai and Goa and when I say Goa then I mean do not buy anything in Manali also in Nainital.  Don't even buy, all these will become white elephants, no one will manage here and there are legal issues here, there will be order issues and there is only trouble, there is so much trouble, if you want to take it in life then earn money somewhere else.  And it is not worth it. Do you think that I will go and live there? Why do you need to rear buffalo to live? If milk is available in the market today, if you want to go to Goa, then you can buy a resort in South Goa from Lets.  It's okay if you stay in Goa, then next time you stay in another resort in some other part of Goa so that at least some change happens. Why do you have to go to the same house again and again? If this is the message, then this is how it will play.  Out thank you very much and please subscribe to the channel and ultimately give me the result brother, give me the result in the comment section, if you want to write my name in that one versus this one then write my name and brother Akshar Srivastava ji's logic is understandable. Although he throws around figures a lot, sometimes what happens when a man throws figures seems fine but the problem is in the part I am  Questioning The Ansh Figures What Ever He Is Telling Is Right But If You But A Property 2021 22 Then You Don't Come Up And Say 6 Par That Is 7 Par Here In Gurgaon Also Please Come And Ask I Will Tell You The Properties 6 Par 7 Par Capital appreciation is also available in Gurgaon and rental rate is also 100%.  It is at 3, today it is at 3 but when it was bought it has doubled, so brother it is at 6 so have to spread awareness datchi