Hello friends, do the same, I have something wrong about marriage, I will try to break the misconceptions, there is a champion in spreading misconceptions about marriage, this Acharya Prashant ji is right, he is a champion, if you apply the formula of Kant, convey, confuse, dem. Ask me anything, have you read the Vedanta book, have you read the Gita, have you read the next chapter? This confusion is not over yet.  I will clear it, those who are married are already okay, watch the full video, enjoy, okay, and those who are married, keep them as they are, and those who are their followers, brother, you also listen when Acharya Prashant ji says not to marry.  Get married but do it with someone who takes you up, who makes you a mean but good person and before doing this, first discuss the matter with some friends, why should you get married, I will tell you a little later, now I will tell you that this marriage is with him.  do it don't do it just like that  Take the marriage in your senses, don't do it just like that, don't do it, a man has given her a warning about marriage and then at 40 he will also say the right thing, brother, if you give whole milk to so much milk, then add a spoonful of poison and then  He said, the rest of the milk was fine. Hey brother, the poison is still innocent. Better than this, add water to the milk. If you add clean water, the milk will be diluted. Okay, you won't get that much power, but the poison is not going to the local one. two spoons inside  He gave poison within 1 kg, you too are okay, then he will end the program, that is, you will not say that 99% is good, try to understand, put the poison in desi ghee, still it is okay, Bjp, if you put the whole poison, then this is  The content they are posting is poisonous, the youth is deteriorating, I am worried about our country, I will make it and the cost of army till the net is very high, okay, their comments are 10 times the number of views I get.  They go and their army is all ready like this okay but never mind okay somebody needs you do it so I'm doing it okay you me the audience tell me how do you feel I understand what's going on which side  I am on your side friend, there is a basic common sense that if this person is here and this person is here and this person should marry this person because what is the rule told by Acharya ji, marry the person who takes you up, do it consciously.  So this person should do it with this, but give the rule of D, this note is applicable, you, us, this, he is doing this from the bottom, friend, if he is doing it, that is, a girl [ __ ] very well in the stage, she is very good, she is entangled, very good.  He has personality and is a small boy, does not do a job, does not earn money, is not responsible, is not spiritual, is not intelligent, he will be good for this, so this is this, according to Acharya Prashant ji, this boy should marry this girl. Do it, but whom should this girl marry? Then the Guru's knowledge should be university applicable, whatever Newton's formulas are, he has Einstein's mc² thing, whatever formula he thinks should be university applicable, it is not that it is not the reverse.  It is applicable because you have knowledge, everyone is becoming equal, second thing, marry consciously, marry him after seeing what kind of person he is, friend, you tell me all of them, like you 4 years ago  Were you the way you are today? How will you be after a year? Can you tell about yourself? On what basis will you marry a person? Have you seen something in him? How is something in a person? How will he be after five years? Are you very sir? Are you very sir?  About Yourself Which of you can take a guarantee for your son and daughter, if someone like me gets married and someone says, brother, tell me your son will not divorce our daughter, give a guarantee in writing or your daughter will not divorce anyone else.  Who will not have an affair or the boy will not have an affair? These days, parents cannot give a guarantee. No one knows what will happen to me, what will happen to my thoughts because there are too many variables to keep in mind. Marriage, Hajj, you happen on a torn lip. And the lip of trust among lot of people is going on in the society. I am telling this thing to you people that it is above me because in marriage you have to basically see that marriage is about giving note taking de moment.  You want me to have someone take me up It's about taking You can never be the show The next guy will give Won't give Only think You can't show About giving Only giving Ki Yes I'll give everything to this marriage It touches me  The second thing is that many people think that the day after tomorrow, Home You Love is a big misconception, according to the facts, according to the flexibility, we love, we love, that is why we want to get married, the marriage should not be based only on love, not on power only.  If you love then marry then you should marry whomever if not if you don't give fruit and you don't agree then give this please follow Acharya Prashant Ji Chetan Vivek Buddhi Jagao 303% Follow me Date Category 67 Bill Note Fruit in Date Category Dewar R  One in three people, I should not be married and marriage is broken when it is the day after tomorrow, I should not be my marriage, the day after tomorrow, I should also not be mine.  Deez tu people when they collide it leads to divorce as long as a man also loves marriage then home same should you love marriage because you love d institution of marriage you love d concept of marriage thoughts same no are you maybe end up loving that  Day after tomorrow more li love someone up you understand you can never lover day after tomorrow on a daily basis you can't jinke shaadi ho hai bata do can you love your  Wife everyday can you love your husband everyday can you love you parents everyday can you love you just can you love you job can you love you kids also every day people say to children everyday not child don't wake up from sleep on time and misbehave.  I am not doing my homework, I don't want to say anything, mother, if something is happening then you can't be loving and it is a commitment every time, this is my child, I have to raise it, it is spoiled, slap it with maroon love.  Should I do counselling, should I get consultation done, should I do therapy, should I do this, should I give knowledge, should I join hands, should I eat some good toys, should I tell a story, should I do anything, should I awaken my child, should I do anything? I should not give up until I commit. You don't have kids because you love kids. You have kids because of you.  Want you be a parent you understand this is a very thin line which you have to make people understand you just want  Do Things Because You Love Dem Doing Somethings Have You Been Like Driving So Devour Are People I Love Driving But Then Are People Be By Cars Because They Have You From One Play Store And Place And Date Driving Is Not A Very Joyful Experience Because  Everyday do you don't get to drive on an open highway in Rajasthan and next you go to the beach of Goa like a movie or a western.  You are going to the ghat or are in some nice romantic atmosphere, the car is very good, the partner is very good, the songs are very good, that is why it is fun, the GP ship is in water, India is lying in the traffic, there is a bad smell inside the car, there is noise from behind.  It has been that railway station after the railway crossing, all the Indians stand facing each other like this and then they go out in the dead hour like this, is it fun or not, do you have to drive, don't do it, then it's okay.  Don't do it if someone does the driving.  If not then you have to understand you are on d institution of marriage marriage is about giving because giving me ur very sir I bill give d best I bill try that I give to that person if he is doing something good then I bill give  D is the best shot, I should help him in that, as much as I have wisdom and discretion, I have to do what I want to do, he will not do it, that is his problem because bringing happiness and story in life is an individual.  Responsibility is that you don't get married, your wife will get you promotion, you don't get married, your husband will reach you, you don't know where, where he will give you happiness, what materialistic gene tax is imposed on you, don't give me a date if you are married, let's see like this. Your happiness is not going to be in your hands, so if someone else does it then say Sir but be very short because what is it, these people keep records, I did this much, what did he do, now he didn't do it.  Keep telling your side of the story, all are children of human beings, everyone wakes up on one stage when they get married, there is caste, why do we marry, why do n't we marry, he is giving knowledge on marriage, we have to keep it within ourselves because people like us  We are married, we were bachelors too, we have also seen bachelors, what is there in that, how much happiness was there in bachelor wood, where is it right in the bachelor wood, where is the one who is married, when you have not even tasted that laddu, have not eaten it, no, that is a matter of sour grapes.  Isn't it brother? No other married person should go to an unmarried person and say no. I am enjoying it a lot. I have to cry a little too. Yes, my friend, I am in love with you. It is good for you just because that is yours. Married people would say yours.  By the way, you have to have that relationship with them, you don't have to say anything like this, if someone doesn't have anything, then you are useless, you don't know because the good thing is not told, caste is the bad thing, it is only visible that  He could not go to the party or did not go to do the big timing or did not jump from the mountain. The story is that he is not able to make tents like this. Married people are not able to do this because yet how many other pleasures are they getting, he will not tell further.  The thing is, this does not mean that marriages are spoiled. Why do we get married? I have explained this in a very good way in my two-hour happiness course, but here I tell you in one line, if you want to take platinum number one happiness, then this is so.  saree because curiosity  You also have a lot to complete, so do it, take platinum membership and then share the knowledge, but still I tell you in two lines, you get married because you want, fitness is your life, sambadi bill witness, your life is your journey because you get married.  When you don't do it because of this basic human retirement, you were born and someone else is looking forward to the journey that your parents will pass away, siblings will pass away, children will also pass away.  Go but that is a journey of 40 50 years old adult, 24 25 years old to 75-80 years old, 50 to 60 years old married, which you see with pause with your wife and this is a basic human retirement and if  If this retirement is not met, then as Acharya Prashant ji says, then you will have to do a great job, as if he is saying that he is doing a great job because of this. Wants date people, you witness date only, you were born on Wikipedia, you go to YouTube, then you will be read as less great and if you do not do less great, which 99% of the bachelors do not do, they are not brothers, mother is less, because everything is there, then normal human being, all are great less.  If we do this then we don't know where the country or the society or the earth will reach. The great cannot be reduced, do you know that the great reducer Vivekananda ji can become everything, the rest who keep taking the name of politics is fine.  There are many politicians, there are not many bachelors, brother, you will become less PM, see for yourself how realistic you will have to become, you will have to become Swami Ramdev ji, he will have to go to the level, even if votes are taken, all the great people in this world till date. If there have been a thousand people, great people in this world, then 900 were married and 100 would be bachelors. 90% are still in marriage. Look at Sanatan Dharma, whoever we ask is one of us.  Hanuman ji is there and one half will be someone else, it is okay in the South and the names which are Bachelor Gods are ours, the rest are with our family, all our sages and saints, whom you are teaching Vedanta and all those things which are taught by Vedas and Buddhas. That all of them were married, brother, all of them were married, that is why we are so many, we are living till today, 144 crores have not reached such animate world, there is some other place as well, we have reached there only then and they are from the animate world.  When there will be no human children left then all those bachelors have to serve the society. This is not the society but Nannu's father is the one doing it. Prashant ji is enough to take his name if he becomes Nannu's father.  What a big thing you have done, it is a big thing because Nannu is the one who is building the society and his father is raising him and he is doing less. His father makes him go to work in the bus lane for which his mother does not do Nannu.  Nannu is on father's side, Nannu should not eat, nor should he live and sustain on this earth, you cannot do anything to him, you will raise issues, animals which are of good quality, why brother, ultimately, why should they sustain?  So the basic of substance is the same and it compares living in marriage with marriage and it is there and they do it like this and shout that the audience knows that this is nonsense but  I don't have the courage to speak because the aggression is like this. If you make someone like us sit, then tell us what to do. Yes, you see, it is a lot of fun. See, what is the problem in happiness and give one's happiness and take it from one person and that person from another.  Take it from here and spend your whole life here, if you are neither HIV positive nor AIDS, no sexually transmitted disease, gonorrhea or gonorrhea, and no dumping of society, then what is the problem, brother, these 10  15% people who do not have this retirement, why do you not have it, then how will children be born and if there are no children, how will life go on, I will tell you in more details in the future also, their content is such that instead of giving clarity to the war, it creates confusion.  Is taking you towards if you want and got confused because of clarity on the whole thing, war doesn't know anything, today he is ready to live in relationship in the name of sex, no one has any conscience.  Chetan is not awake, he has been this pushy, he is doing such and such, he is struggling with 40 types of diseases, okay, and the story is not reaching, and there is confusion, no, the marriage is not good, area 498, saree girls, area 498, are wearing Puri, all  We will put it on our hands, if we are worthy of it, we will put it on yours and we should also put it on our hands, if we beat the drum then everyone will go crazy, isn't it okay, if it doesn't happen like this, then the train will not run that day, it is not running here in India, it will not run further. No one wants it, everyone wants it not to happen and we do something for it not to happen, but still it happens and still the world goes on and if something happens here, then no, now one should not sit in the train.  The government should guarantee that this will never happen in life. Who will guarantee it? Brother, this clarity is very important in life. Sikh clarity is not a guarantee, it is a guarantee, so for something, we all will leave this life, one day there will be a marriage. It is a very good institution. is time tested  It is an institution, the color has spread across the world, there are very few things which have spread across the world, because everyone has their own tents, this color is accepted by some, some accept less, some religion is accepted by some, marriage is a thing, which is religious across the countries. Everywhere it is a big institution, now it is being attacked so much, it is not good for the society, for the country, for the future of the individual, maybe these 10 I can see that the period of 15-20 years went on but after that only this movement happened when people became fools and losers, till then he took his knowledge with a gun and every time he slowly started using our Jason's, who are also small YouTubers, who are like this. I will only say attack, it's okay, if it comes then you change it because the friend is religious, you said something very extreme and then you confuse him, I agree.  So does marriage, but then do it well, do it with him, then it gets spoiled a little and you become good, then it doesn't happen like this, don't learn like this I Hope Myself I Have Not Confused You At List Five Confused You Please  Type in D communication done, Guruji got confused, now if you want a little more clarity then clarity will come in other ways. If you are not confused on this, but if as much as I have told you now, then you have understood it because brother-in-law.  This note is one and the video because there is a lot of anger, there is a lot of pain, there are a lot of doubts, it means there is doubt in every party, boy and girl, this note is this, so slowly, slowly, hold the button one-one, two-two, three-three.  Only if you give me clarity, let's get married. Let us witness your life. Retirement is a basic human. In such a big world, you are the center of the universe. Whoever is listening to me, you are the center of this universe. You want it.  That friend, I was born, I am doing something, I have a struggle, I got an increment, I shared it with someone, I got promotion on the basis of peace, there is a struggle in my life, I had a small phone, a big phone, but this is a retirement, my growth and  To witness your journey, that is why we take photographs, we make all these things in the album and then physically we want someone to rank us nice and that can only be one of our like partner who knows you very well. Along with this, you can open up what you are because of other vices, then you will go in search of this spiritual thing, I will also call you Spiritual Narasim, I have taken this contract that only I know it, please tell me the names of the books, you have read them, you have read them, you are there.  We will take your test, you tell me what is written on page number 44, verse number eight, after reading it, tell me whatever you have read and he has also read the same, he should come and tell his.  And they are taking our religion from book or book based religion, I will give a lot of clarity to ISP also, this is a new rant started in Asan, people think of Sanatan Dharma, you are taking it on top of books, rest also, a book is a book. Everyone has kept it everywhere, the original thing that comes out from within, something of their own, what do I enjoy, what do I get happiness from, don't leave it, Sanatan Dharma is such a deep religion, now I am against religion and this.  I will not do that but I will say that a lot of your things are good, here Sanatan Dharma is of level here, why should you take it down to the level? Have you read the book? And that knowledge was also written by someone till some time, there was an amendment policy in everything, there is gold understanding and if you will say then maybe I have a separate one because I too am an astrologer brother, all that astrology too.  All these Vedas are written in these Vedas. All this is not written in a separate book for you. Saree is Rakhi, I tell it in a simple way in a different way, without coming, the heroine came next. Have you read that?  Let us tell you normally, if it is a small thing then the next one will understand that it is your tax, where is the knowledge coming from, it is not the page number that makes a difference, this is our education system, this is junk, hey everyone.  Possibilities There is something bill on you Something on bill note on you depends on you Knowledge is this but this bill is different on everybody You ca n't impose on it is written here it is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this is this note is this is this note D 10 more of Hinduism No I Don't Believe in Gods It You Are a Good Hindu He is also a cutter Those who will read books will read these scriptures Will read Vedas He is also one  Brother, this is the one who does n't believe, because the one who doesn't believe also believes that he doesn't believe, that is, he believes, he too has a belief, the only thing is that he is not someone else's, he is, so both are equal.  The longest two are curious. To prove my point, you understand that now I will not make it longer, it will be too deep, then it will go from the top, but I will keep giving this dose slowly. These two have as many followers as they have, the children are getting spoiled.  You will have to give a counter view point to the parents who are feeling unhappy, it just suits you because what Acharya Prashant ji is an action election, ultimately if the genuine conscious intellect Vivek Jagar is going to the mountains and doing something, then those percentage people will also help the society.  I don't want to agree, but you can't take everyone there, just like not all can become plumbers, not all can become electricians, not all milkmen can become, not all can become doctors, not all can become engineers.  Not all can become astrologers, we cannot all become teachers, every friend is important, this is also the case brother, not all people can be like this, we cannot become anything here by awakening our conscience and intellect, the society itself will end, you will serve someone, you will be abroad now.  Look at the countries, what is the situation, what is happening inside Japan and what is happening in Europe, whom will he serve, when he will not be there, will Nannu's father and mother do, will the population be more, then you Do your part to make up for the lack of something. I make your parents a secret by making marriage a secret. All those who speak against marriage, neither did they like their parents' marriage when they had children, nor did they like their parents' marriage because they used to get food.  Marriage is broken, now tell your parents that marriage is useless, I am still emotionally dependent on the parents, I am the parents, that's why who else has the place, so how did the parents come to this marriage on their own?  The institution called them, when they themselves were born, the marriage was very good, two or three children were born, after timing it, if five or six children were born, then the marriage was very good because it gives you comfort. Now when it comes to reducing your own.  If I have to endure that time, then now marriage is not good. Marriage is good for the parents. If the mother gives you the marriage, then it is good. But if the wife or husband or children give the marriage, then it will be a responsibility. Come on.  Ok  If you want to give a star, if you want to understand, then tell me. And people are not able to forget that by going on the mic and making noise in an audio story, you are talking crazy and after doing this, tell me about it, but if it is, then give it only.  Do you want happiness by giving pleasure? What is the problem? It feels good. It feels good like eating food. But isn't it an animal? Isn't it animality? Is it a child? You should not eat boxes and this should not be done, so it is a child.  If yes, then humans are also animals.  Mother, we have to save each other, is n't it only to save the animals, do n't give birth to any more animal children, then the animals will become 10 times more in the world and the humans will be less, then big clapping, big consciousness woke up, very good, someone do the logic.  Come on man, at least do some logic, you would have embarrassed them by saying this thing and you don't have the courage and it is only the middle class that is getting involved in this, no other class is coming into this, a different Bageshwar Dham type of lower class is going on. Keep looking for your own people, okay Rich will never tell, he has some private limited company, okay, everyone else finds their own, wherever they can find an escape, he is going there, if he reduces the hours by 15 hours, then he did not hear.  I don't have to get private, then I don't get money, then I grow beard, then my face is useless, I do n't get any girl, I don't get married, I don't have honey, my body has become weak, so what is your choice, you have the wisdom and discretion to wake up and come and do the role again.  Jinn Adiyogi is like what are you like, Acharya ji doesn't say like this, Acharya ji says like this, he says like that, alam Balam, make 20000 videos and then say no, it was good in that, oh poison, what did I tell you, this is enough again and again.  I gave the example of milk. If two spoons of poison are added to the milk then it cannot give him the sin because if poison is added then is there any milk left in it? This much germs are enough to insure the society and then I am its antidote. Am I there or not? Tell me, am I reducing myself? Tell me, is it okay? Do you agree, what don't you do? You tell me, he is like Amitabh Bachchan with aunty, Dharmendra wala. Aunty ji, what does the program do? Because a good person can make himself good, he cannot make others good, this is the truth of life. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Please share and like. Thank you very much.