Hello friends, today I told you something about body language, no one told you because people told the opposite and have written waste books, there are many trainers here, one more reason why this was triggered because someone guided me that you make videos.  So sometimes you do every touch like this, sometimes you don't touch this or do something like this, okay I need shows in the New Year i.e. show days and you should not do this and by doing this you give me something.  When he came by sending a message, he got triggered. Okay, so today I want to give you clarity. You have also been told a lot that you should keep your body language like this, it is not to be done like this. There were differences from this and it is to be done like this, it is this and you have to do it in your hand.  Do like this, you have to keep a lot of knowledge, it's okay, you have a lot to learn, okay, I too was good at book journaling once upon a time, my friend, what is this, but today I am telling you a summary and I am going to give very good guidance to the war, forget this.  Think called body language, your body language is bad, it is good, leave it, now you say, friend, this is what I was taught, body bill react in A, don't stop what is inside, reverse engineering is not possible, by learning body language, you can improve it, you can throw it away.  You want to make yourself intelligent, you want to show it, it will give you a stress in life and even then you have not become intelligent, did you feel like this, did someone feel that you are intelligent mother?  But that is fake banai hai, just concentrate on adding value, you just concentrate on adding value to yourself, there is a stress in life, no one will teach you this, and let me be a body, I am a body language expert, tell you what this color is with you, now as someone told me.  If you are nervous, tell me, it's okay, I am nervous too, I am nervous, let's make a video, okay, so what is it, you are very like this  If you touch your hand then I am making a difference, I am making a difference as an example, I don't do it like this in the video, but you are standing like this, so I too am having a reaction, that donkey in front who is making a difference like this should be shown to him, isn't it? Man, I'm talking to the next guy, poor guy, it's like this, so let me do this and it's the other way around, so well done, you don't have body language, if you speak like this, I do n't know.  If you do such and such for 50 hours, you will be called a liar. Okay, so by hiding like this, what are you teaching me that you should lie but do not display it, friend, it is very stressful, don't do this, do n't lie, now the body language. You are seeing this and if you are a nice human being basically you don't need other courses in body language. Your body language is generally good if that body.  Language is not my own, science is bad, I am not my own, that knowledge is useless, yes, our body language shows something or the other in our elders, but why are we feeling so shy in showing it to you? Connect it only.  To learn body language, you yourself know within yourself, I am a liar, a deceitful person, or I am a good person, or I am, this is my friend, this is my enemy, or I love this person, or I do not love this person, saying it forcefully, teaching it in it.  goes that  The next person is saying something and you are talking nonsense but you have to give him the feeling that it is okay that he is just like that, by doing all these wrong things he has taught caste, if you say a lot till late then give him the feeling that he is talking nonsense and  I am becoming disinterested late date natural in body language if a man is taking lecture if like I do in my video so many people see me then if someone's body body language is looking bad then whose is his  It's the listener's fault, it's my fault, why do I have to accept that my friend is doing it like this, is he doing it like this, is it wrong or not? If this is happening then it is my fault and if everyone is listening by doing it like this, then only I am at fault. That is, my body language is also late, now you are becoming mayor and you are showing such interest, then you have the knowledge to say this, friend, you are understanding that I come with a liberating thing, if next time I see you yawning.  If you talk to someone then tell me sir, you are teaching so boring, teachers, we have seen teachers, professors, seniors, fear can be a problem, date you have not slept at night, it can be an issue, if it is an issue then it is a different thing, but generally if two makes five. People are taking it and are generally disinterested. Are people of rate, you tell me other vices, brother, whatever you are doing is nonsense, if knowledge is growing, it is doing English, style is killing.  There are many people who are seniors in your organization, now we have to listen to them, then the real status can be known to everyone only when you say pay to listen to me and come and listen to me for two hours, how many are ready to pay and how many are ready to pay.  He is ready to listen for 2 hours and only then you come to know that whoever becomes a hero by becoming someone's scenery, I have noticed so much in him, whether in corporate or government, he is busy in doing something or the other.  The company and they have you moved from this, you have happened and the targets have you become me, Tenu, do something, tell him, friend, a new product has come, let it reach the public, that is, he had to speak two lines, he took 15 minutes, he did nonsense, he is fine.  The meaning was this, the basic crust was of one line and people were busy opening their diaries and making their own drawings in it, someone was writing something, the settings were being set like this, how much time was wasted in our country. If you want to see all the seniors, I also do consultation with them many times and I say that you have a misconception that people listen to you, you just remove this thread of your organization and your appointment and other unknown people.  I will go and tell you, brothers and sisters, I will talk good to you and give you good knowledge. See how much fear they listen to. If they listen, then it is an attraction along with it. If I have to speak to check this attraction, then it is a lot.  What is important is your body language, but don't focus on yourself, if you have some knowledge about how people around you feel, then it's okay. Good day tomorrow, brother, do something. Now you are a body language expert and listen to me. Now tell me what is the body language. Now if she is matching the body language and I am actually lacking in that then I will try to correct her body language.  I will not try to correct my language and if I can live with it or I never feel like it, then brother, my body language is looking like this, it is looking like this, it is not reverse engineering by force that I can correct my body language.  By doing this you become intelligent, no, if you show intelligence, wisdom and knowledge, no one can rock it, you cannot fake that confidence. You are right, I just stood up doing this and confidence comes from. Your ability to add value in the life of ideal confidence comes from what is inside you, you cannot fake it, although these many people become gurus, they teach you from the middle of the book and you will get confidence from the middle of it.  Ca n't get confidence. Can't get it from story. It comes after learning some things. If you know good cooking then you can invite guests to your house. If you can cook then you have seen many women who are beyond me.  No because you don't know how, then when you don't know how to do a thing and went to see him doing it or now you have reached the stage to ask him to do the thing and you don't know it then no amount of confidence bill do and the same thing if he asks the lady to do it.  The one who doesn't know how to cook is like a singer singing on the stage, he is a singer, it is necessary to give him confidence, otherwise I will catch up and then start because if he is confident then only the one who knows what he knows can be confident.  No, how can one have confidence in everything? To have confidence in everything, one has to become the number one master of clarity. Okay friend, you have to learn things from the story. You become the master of things. Brother, this is the thing that you do every day when you are confident.  It's a daily job. Have you seen the confidence of the driver when he parks the car at the back like this? Confidence in the situation: You had taken a lot of confidence from the body language expert and there you have to put the gear, you have to reverse the car, here you have to look in the mirror, here you have skill setting, if you take confidence, then turn on the fox, leave it with difficulty, this body language is a good driver bill, give a good one.  Body language only if you are a confident driver in every situation  He is a confident cook, he is a confident singer, this can happen only if you are a good driver, a good cook and a good singer, you do not know the tunes and we have never seen a time when there was a passing parcel and there was a music band in it.  If there was no point then we would not have heard the points. When there was no talk then there was no confidence but the joke was there. If the joke was revealed then there was confidence. Then if the song was sung then there was confidence.  No, but if dancing is a given then confidence is there. It does n't depend on what you know. Now showing confidence in it, showing this, showing that, telling that means really Romeo, because the man who is natural will show his brother, his body language is fine, it is okay.  Do n't focus too much on your body language of other people but if you can improve something for yourself by watching a little, then it is okay. If you improve yourself inside then it will look fine on the outside and there will be many people who will like you.  You will not know how to take care of mother in small things. No, you should not walk like this, no, you should not stand like this. If we are standing like this on us, then it is okay. If we are standing like this towards someone, then we are showing interest in the date man, okay.  Look at this tent, they are showing interest in it and if we have done it like this then they are showing interest in it. I belong to this, brother, if this brother is interesting then stand in such a way that automatically the body will become like this.  Normally this is right, I am not accepting it and if I am standing like this then why is it for this brother that I am not interested in you brother, you are leaving me, why should this cheating and coercion happen? She is not there, she is just useless, but sycophant is being shown as a wrong thing, she is interested, bullet body does not matter till late, every man has to fix her, there are six 50 ways to impress a girl 15 ways to control a man, to do this, hey brother, control yourself, you will automatically control yourself, if you have attraction in yourself, if you do something and become worth money, then the next person will survive. This tent learner is absolutely off-the-wall people.  Which de times because you are born fool you can fool some of de people which de time some people but you ca n't fool all de people so when you ca n't fool and that  Things have to be found out someday or the other, so why are you practicing brother? You will feel small in your own eyes that I am relieved that I don't do match fixing everywhere, then I have to read only these books, then what has become of me that I have become a fox?  When should I open my hand, how should I make a hand, how should I make my hand like this, if I should make it like this, if I should walk like this, then my skill set, my knowledge, the real internship thing inside, its value is not great when its value is  If it is not big then how many hours do you do this, you will not reach the story because of skill and letter people bill see through your which this nonsense actions then D A of D story never read n body language article never reader body language book is of no use good  AT IT HAVE GUTS YOU TELL ME NO ONE IS BETTER THAN ME I DON'T KNOW WHO IS BETTER THAN ME YOU TELL ME NO IF THERE IS NO ONE SO YOU TELL ME NO SO UNTIL YOU TELL ME Come and tell me if you are not there then write down his name in the diary if you tell me, hey friend, he is better than me, then look at him, maybe he is better than you, learn something from him, this way you bill game only, no problem.  It's not a matter of saying in the end it's better than you, listen to him, then if you are better than him, then you go and tell him again brother, I have become better than you, check further, this is it, so sister- in-law, I am you.  live now  Confidence comes from within. I plan to learn all these things in detail through workshops because I cannot teach so much in a 10-15 minute video and there is no need to learn body language which is what I am teaching.  They are there now that their duty will be there, now they have come in 2023, now artificial intelligence has come, you cannot fool them, earlier any knowledge could be made about many things till then.  It does as long as you have it and the world doesn't know much, now everyone is fooling each other by acting like this, showing their interest, some are making their own tents, everyone knows what is happening, okay, so I hope.  You can join to join, you can take its membership or attend my workshops, they can join winner group etc. whenever there is a notification, there is one or two in a month, in this way one improves.  One thing which the youth is not doing at this time, please note that I will make a separate video on working on the personalities and will also do workshops. Everyone reads the book on personality, I am not doing anything on it when it comes to working on personality.  If it is a fake thing then it is a caste that on one's personality then I should reduce it like this, forcefully do that, personality will be good when there is some change inside, let only you say body is divided.  When the muscles are divided then something happens inside the story, only then those muscles are visible or you are visible, you are hitting the setup, you are killed, if you are killed, then nothing happened from outside, neither did you do anything from inside, if it is axised from inside, then something is visible from outside, then this is  What life is I hope you like the video. Have you not subscribed? If you want to take membership by subscribing to the channel then you can take it. Those who have taken it can join that if I have taken it then that is the membership WhatsApp group.