Hello friends, today's topic is the same life is not an excel seat, under this I would like to give a little advice to the popular YouTube also if they are watching the athlete, someone needs you, it is not trolling and there is nothing like that that I want to condemn.  It's a thing, but tell me a point of view, I am six, I want to play excel, there is a YouTube, my varicose veins, they take children from 30000 to crores of rupees, that much increment.  You will get 10%, then it will become 5, then it will be like this, then you and I will reach but in practical life, this is not an excel seat, this is an excel seat, the company's business, you have to assess it, you have to see the discounted cash flow, whatever chartered accountants do or business.  Analysts do equity analyst shows, they are great tools for everyone because there are a lot of missionaries in the world, a lot of process, a lot of history in the world, putting an axle seat on human being is very  It's a game of danger because you don't know what bill is happening in your life. You are saving money, it is gaining money, everything is going well, then you will get married, now how did your life partner come into the marriage, you don't know whether that ship will sail or not.  In this cycle, people will not be able to get married out of fear because that program seems to be working well for them. You really do n't know they will ask for money from their parents. You really do n't know that your money is involved and your parents are making noise and sister. You are married, then that piggy bank is broken, this piggy bank, they are playing with the piggy bank, this axle axle, what is this piggy bank, they wanted to play piggy bank, children put so much, then give so much pulses, give so much pulses, you tell me half the weight, you can lose many.  Everyone will say in a week, a lot, next week also half, yes, then in this way, you can lose 26 kg in a year, Corn is losing, tell me, who is the one who is fond of fire, he gets 74 kg, he is the one who is not discounting.  Emotions, human beings and what will happen in life, money, you have too many children, I know many people, then you have moved to GP Green Noida, Greater Noida, you are stuck there, you are not paying your rent, you are also doing relationships.  If your relationship with your wife has deteriorated, if you are getting divorced then what will be the condition of your finances? If you are not getting divorced but the quality of the marriage is bad, then during isolation, put this bill note on Excel and take it. Otherwise, this is a complete waste of time, this is taking content from an English self-help book and adding so many subscribers and reaching so many subscribers, this is not the intelligence of the day after tomorrow, I am giving this, this is showing the ignorance of the public, this is consuming, see the truth, but what will happen now?  These things will not have much life because gradually people will understand after watching the date that they have given the creator no where, now if you speak then you will be so condemnable.  Why are you doing this, I am criticizing you so that you don't come to my shop, no, you are doing this so that you get views of me, you do n't want to see them, let me see you, yes, that's why I am doing this, before this if  If you are interested in writing to any of their soldiers, then yes, this is what I am trying to do, only in a hole stick 360° way, we can go ahead, we cannot run alone, we can also get jobs on the story, you have thought that increment will be given, but the same etc. will reduce the salary.  To  If someone falls in love, will you get any increment? How many jobs are there in the market and how many people are coming on supply basis? There are a lot of miss matches. There are 10 lakh children every month. According to NITI Aayog's report, 10 lakh children are coming into the workforce every month. Jobs are going, not going, no one is saying, they are available in small towns and big cities, all over India, so there will be pressure on the existing ones, only then there will be attitude of employers to come to India.  This attitude will remain for 10-12 years because that supply is very visible. This is a very miss match. Extrapolating this cannot happen in your life. If you mother, you are so happy today, you are so happy and brothers and sisters, if you excel every day.  You can become 1% more happy in a week, then you will reach bliss in 2 years, but this happens, will you put anything in Excel and it is easy to say in the beginning? 1% 5% will definitely happen and the job is also not sustainable. I am a Chhath caste and don't want to do a job. Many people are in touch with me. I have a salary of Rs 4-4-5 lakh per month but I do n't feel good in the job and that's it.  There are lakhs of people who will listen, friend, those who are not getting a job, hey, this is what is happening like this, this is what is happening to them, they can't sustain, they ca n't suspend, so don't ever go on axle in this life, what should you do?  Do Insist today Fox on D Process Be Flexible Be Alive Have Good Habits Good Habits Are Not Only Met But Only Hygiene Habits Good Financial Habits Don't keep yearning Story of anything This yearning to reach I will do this like this I will reach here You don't  What will be the actual value of No Debt Crore? New Rs 25 Lakh will be shown to you by inflation formula. It will be equivalent, it cannot tell the equivalent of Rs 25 lakh, that is a wrong formula, that too is a wrong formula because it is a formula which cannot be entered, a very complex equation is required for that and only you maths people like us will come down for that. Would also like to know what to do with aspiration brother, 25 years ago it was aspirational to have one, now it seems like it should be there as well. Tips are okay, flying in a plane, people wear nice clothes.  Many years ago, what kind of food was available in the plane 30-40 years ago, were there such achievements and such old movies are good, bye bye Tata at the airport, this is what is happening at the airport.  And as soon as he comes out, just like the Prime Minister is treated these days, Modi ji does such and such outside, people do the same as he used to do as a hero, so time things have changed and what will be the change in the next 20 years, what will be the experience.  We do n't even know that we may aspire even for a few lives. We have the power and the one who will open us to the lonely place of fun. They don't know what will be the yearning of the people. So don't plan on axles. Vetiver is the best possible in your life, do date because of its bond.  You can't do it and always try to add value to yourself, your skill set, you keep adding value to yourself, keep doing it, now again and again you bank on it. How much value is added on skill? Now how much money will I take for it? Now I don't care about this. Sachin Tendulkar is an artist and not a singer. If Sachin Tendulkar spent so long of his cricketing life focusing on this thing, how much money is he getting?  How much can I become with so much rest, then maybe he cannot achieve what he has achieved, the graph is focused on this skill and this health too, I have to play for a long time, this fitness is fine, you see the cricketers of today, how quickly they mean Indian cricket.  Team  Look at the situation, what is happening right now, don't know the World Cup is going to come, don't know which players are playing, everyone's names are going on and everyone has broken something or the other, so date on the story, it is the difference. Too much now if you want to do something quickly then everyone take it easy look at yourself Take dee long journey yes long journey is good but don't fool happy hearing some numbers so him numbers can anybody can because you bill set up yourself on  Disappointment because you feel like it will happen and then it doesn't happen. You have to be happy to maintain your mental emotional stability and sanity. Be happy in the future. Bill Wickham A Big Problem Money is not spent by those who have it. No, he is thinking that I don't know how to be a lotus, what can I see and get happiness from those who have it, and then that life is going on, you are on money, give it more importance, you are matching, what is life?  What you do is important so be alive and more aware of what you are doing wherever your heading is otherwise you will be stuck in numbers if you it is something like I finish with one last example if you change you match na tu match aapka cholesterol kitna What is my BP and I have to correct that number. This is my sugar level. Start living a healthy life. Now first satisfy your yearning.  Just band it, the pain is the same, sir, I have seen such thin people with cholesterol, they have no idea whether they are roaming around with cholesterol, people are okay, so first of all, fix your processes within yourself, eat right food. Get up on time, walk on time, okay, do n't weigh yourself too much, do Zen, do n't get too angry, then the parameters will be fine automatically, but somebody will change your parameter, then you can't change the parameters. You often see that if you do flying, the people who have done instrument flying, there is something happening by doing instrument flying. The examiner will know those who have taught, they test it. This is the cup changing D parameter, it has to be kept zero, if it becomes artificial then so much bank so much, you can change the parameter like this.  Don't do it, you have to fly the plane, you have to fly it automatically, everything else if you know, you apply but those video games are for big people, so the cup of tea is kept for them.  It doesn't have to be shaken, you have to see the eight life things as per the cooking in life, like who knows cooking or someone who has drawing, that thing is life, note it, this mathematics thing, in cooking, what food are you cooking, are you serving tea, like  I have seen many people at the tea bar, I have also seen many people at the ready of the tea vendor, I have seen so many people like take this much tea, mother, I sometimes make one or two cups, then I am like spoon gan, there is no eight form for me, but  I have seen people do n't know milk style  Like water, egg, pulses are being cooked like this and sugar like this, it is cooked like this, it is doing like this, it is okay, it is doing like this, and your like, how is this account, how is it doing, how much is it because of your thought process, that excel wala bar hi kuch wala.  Meaning, I am also Singh, many of my places are like this, and give me that eight form is being made, she is a great bunty, you are making such a great spread even in so many cups, yours is only in one or two cups, the caste is like this, the food is also like this, she is an old mother.  no whatever  She is talking like this, she is talking like this and with this, Chakachak is saying something. Nowadays girls are women and see, you do this, put grams, put three grams, then put 5 1/2 grams like this, then put this, the [ __ ] was not divided. Look sir sir, it has been put according to the measurement, now it is the fault of the person telling the measurement, the measurement has been taken right, friend, no, the food is not distributed like this, friend, the food is not distributed like this, if you see that, my old friend Sanjeev Kapoor ji Khan.  The one who is happy in cooking, the one who is happy in cooking, the food will be good, the thing is life but it should be right, there should be honey in the direction, there should be a lot of yearning, you bill rich a good place and  What, I am of no use at all, don't have sex, leave it all to God, everything will be fine, you have come with a confirmed ticket till 53, you will have a confirmed ticket, you will always be there from here, while the quadri is moving, the plane is flying. Visibility is limited to this extent, if you ca n't see further than that, then this much is visible, it is enough for the vehicle to drive and it is in mode, no, what is the matter, the vehicle is not moving, it is not like this, I am going at this speed.  If I continue to drive at this speed, I will reach here and in the middle, if I get a tire puncture, in the middle I go to take a break, in the middle I fall asleep, in the middle I meet a traffic jam, in the middle I lose my way, then you have other things this  This is the best scenario of this, it will happen, what preparation is needed for this, you are already doing it brother, you can invest Rs 30000 in it by coming to Excel again and again every day, how much will it become now, how much will it become now, what do you do?  Is this what I have criticized a bit necessary? Is it too much? What should not be done? Should it be done exactly like this on flower jaggery? Today you love your wife so much, every day. Can you grow so much and then lose so much?  so it is  Calculate on Excel Excel told 493 Devas wife will ask you for God and then she will garland you every day in the morning and your feet will be done because you have done them according to Excel Can this happen in real life Can you do it in real life What is the data to put butt  Dal Do You Love Your Wife Out of 100 42 No Cup Increasing It and Cup Riching D Aise Hota Hai Kya Numbers Aise Aate Hai Kya Jo Clears IAS Exam This Year Give Again Next Year  I am not the one who is going to clear his exam, the one who has given his exam today, the result of prelims has come, give him prelims again and see what marks he will get, nothing is sacrosanct, nothing is worth hundreds, he is a master man, he is different.  The thing is that he will add only so much pav bhaji masala, its test will always be like this, it will do like this only, those who master it, those who reach it with practice, reach this reset page Advise Bhaiya, there are so many variables in life.  There are so many variables, anything from a children's story, is a Shakti, is a bouncer a Shakti or is Shakti life, that one is not behind that brother, this is the picture of the Oval, it is like this, even the pitch behaves differently on different days in cricket.  In the morning, if it's night, then when God comes, she behaves differently. If the wind comes from behind, then she behaves differently. If monsoon overcast, she behaves differently. Saree is involved in science. How will the hair swing, whose will it do then?  That batsman has to be adjusted in life, who is not a real player, otherwise, you are absolutely fine, the flat pitch thing, all five days are like Indian movies etc., then there you cannot become a master player, because there your axle will move first.  It is also like this, if it is four devices then it depends on how your life is, but your pitch bill is never consistent in life so excel bill never is it, this note is your internal etc. where the test is.  Let's say that it is a dynamic checking system of things, it is like this in small things and it will be like this in big things also, that environment is controlled only by you, because the ideal gas equation is learned to introduce such things in your life. So, what is that thing that you are putting in Excel? You are not putting that variable in it. You are just putting it like this. Yes, it will happen, it will happen that you are missing in your life right now, if you are not so rich then you are told that you are so rich.  Money  Dal and then this much will be done for you, see, now you are happy, yes, I am happy, it does n't happen like this, don't learn so much happiness, learn what is practical in life by practicing, okay, look at the practical content, this cut copy paste content of foreigners. His books have been written in old times, even those books are not read, he has left them. Don't watch that content. This device is genuine content which is implementable in your life or you can understand it right away, which is not full of gimmicks, that is very good.  It is necessary [music] I also show slides here, it is fun that a lot of people tell me that you also slide slides, do some such music, music is music, if you do something then the views will increase, oh brother, you have to spread such foolishness, why are you so lazy?  It is done that 14 14 for Ja Jan 196 Like this you have some calculator Some need 18-18's 3-24 199 Diesel 361 A lot You will have to do something  2727 to 7:29 When is its root, its square root is a little bit too much should come na log tu pata hona chahiye log 3 should know lock tu ke point three zero one zero log 3.477 how can you do that how can you multiply divide how can you add  Yes, tell me the basic thing, everything should be like this, don't let us lose our brain, tomorrow your neighbor and someone else can listen to you, you can do this much, I made these 20 mistakes in this  Then I had done that, in this, then I did it in about 40, then in 50, then in 60, make another video. Why miss text brother, I mean in some video, I told that I did this very well, I do this and I told you the secret, also the secret.  I will tell you about what I have done in my life, what decisions I have written, what decisions I have taken in my life, financial, whatever, I had to write on time, what is the premise, what is my thinking due to which  Decision is being taken after 15 years when I have seen and that decision has been right, it has been very good, there will be clapping but the premise which I had written was completely out, that decision got secretly right in the actual or so in the factors play out witch.  I was doing it on R note counted and G basis, that basis was absolutely wrong but if I don't write this, then where will that humility come from, it will seem that I have taken the decision and then you.  Can I do this by commenting, this is how I started, Hey brother, YouTube, you started before comedy in 2017-18, your setting on more subscribers, you started today's competition and I will come here and become a model science teacher everywhere and I did you  Do what happens when I do? Is time and space a match? Was it in 97 that I was from a poor family? Everyone has a poor story. I don't tell about myself, brother. I don't have anyone.  There is no shop story that we will not be able to inspire you, lies are not told and I cannot make such stories that what is not there is okay, then tell me, you were born in such a way to have fun, which is easy for you.  Then if he becomes like this, then what is the need to tell? Do you need any other elder? He says, Guruji is telling, no one is listening, just listen to the saint, don't ask, take the knowledge, do peacock, let it be of the sword, I am Kabir.  It is God's blessing, okay, what is the edge in the sword, do it, yes, where did it come from, yes, who made it, ten, make it, be practical, follow Adarsh, what Adarsh ​​are doing, because dear cash floss, R note match by you, your cash.  Flows are not there only they are invest suggest they invest crypto and ward and groom they can't come back and say ki bhaiya main raha abhi tere par paisa nahi hai only then  So consultation is required, one and one key, can you take risk, you want to take respect, can you take real people, do you want to start investing journey from cryptocurrency, this crypto is good and the answer depends on your youth. You are having 10 crores five crores ok you are having one crore but every mother 20 lakhs is coming 5 lakhs is coming 10 you can you  If you want to play these games then you do n't know what to play, also play dream11, some more lottery tickets are issued by Nagaland Government, it's the same even from now on, this giving correcting Dr. who this financial influencer comes and says.  I am buying this stock, they don't say that, they say that you should not buy, but every time they say, I am very hot, I am very knowledgeable, explain the whole thing, I will do it for every person. Tell the man yours, you look at it accordingly, this thing exists like something like this exists by ponding sovereign gold, tell me, I am personally against over in this world, if you want a video on date, brother, I am not a very fan.  Off over in world wants please type I bill make next video on date okay brother date I am not a financier locking itne influence ne kya hey gold mein dalna hai to  There Dal fonts I bill explain is ok and but give you have you understand d other side of d story also then tell the thing like this if you understand then it is ok then make it at o'clock brother then keep increasing five-five pushkar every day then it will become like this for you and  No brother, you are not above 40. After 40, you should not be 42. You will be 38. You entered the formula and got the result. You yourself do not know that what you are today will be yours after 5 years.  How will be the thought process What will be your life view What will be the experiences of your life Everything Bill Shop and Shop on you D Words of D Butter and Whatever You Come Than What Decisions You Bill Take Here Date Bill Make It Difference I Help in Decision Making Process If  If you want to learn decision making and understand it, if you want to attend webinar workshops then you can take membership, gold membership in that there is decision making.  Mental model and all this is included with the basics of stock market. Absolutely basic knowledge is included in it. There is no tip in it. It is okay that you have to make your new decisions and if you have to work hard then you can take it on WhatsApp.  Can you join Have Taken Soil ID on Tu D Special WhatsApp Group members ok hai paisa aur sukoon membership hai hai paisa hai membership hai paisa and life in six to eight to 10 months in your life  Will increase in comfort But minimum one you get bill which other vice bill cost a lot so you can take his membership not subscribed to the channel  So you can subscribe thank you [music]