Hello friends, I was getting questions, so to give clarity to the youth, this is a video. Flying Beast is a popular user. Gaurav Taneja is the name I think and now if you watch his videos, someone is doing his country 's sound and there is something else.  And he is riding a bicycle and has a mission, so people were asking for a lot of clarity on this because the way it is becoming, what is my take, what should you follow, these are the daily bloggers, this is a  There is something going on in their life and we get attached to their growth. Practically, there is no use in watching them because no value is being added to your life and it is just a matter of reason and conspiracy.  Mother-in-law is also sometimes very equivalent to that, yes, he reached the bicycle, what did he do, he got very scared, now he is struggling a lot with the bicycle, first of all, riding a bicycle is not a good thing.  The difficult thing is that it is being shown as if something is very great because people have not done it, okay, in this world Mount Everest is not known how many people have climbed it, those who have no legs, they have climbed it, they have climbed it without oxygen, they have climbed it many times.  Have climbed from China side to Nepal side. The world has done a lot and we still do n't need to be impressed. If I am climbing then I have climbed Mount Everest. I don't want to climb. What is happening in your Monday life? Who is adding value to you, with whom are you trying to associate, because these will take away the moments of your life, I do n't know whether Dhoni, who is a personality himself, will ever endorse this thing. What ever I know of Numol ji and Dhoni and personality.  Reading itself is a no nonsense person, that person of compulsion, the Dhoni of the country, there is no purpose, now show that thing on social media by yourself trolling that people are like this.  Will do and we will get back lash and hate is coming, we should not hate, first of all what is the biggest problem, brother some thing is coming, if the tea is not good then what should we say to that, it is wasted tea, I hate, don't make tea again, it is not your tea.  Drink it, just say this friend, sugar is less or leaves are less or milk is more, it is less and leave it, but what is that, self victimization is shown a lot, a creator, every buddy, smart, including politician.  Politicians will also say, now I have done it like this, they will come to do this to me, if this happens, it will be a little too much, then show him by doing it like this, see if it is happening, then come to save us, I have made a video before too, I hope you all did.  You must have seen that Ra and Sun and I together have put life on the line that brother, you should not be in the power of anyone, whose power are you in, who is retiring, why do you have to pay tribute, brother, so much, so much.  What is Evolve for? The world has gone away after doing 10 times bigger work than it should. I am not saying that dispay Dhoni and dispay Gaurav Taneja ji but why make a truth a big deal. Your life is going nowhere. Why can't you learn and watch a content which affects.  You directly, a man played cricket, earned money, no brother, earned a lot of fame, earned name, got good, I love, respect, okay, got it, not done, not beyond that. Why should he start talking so off like this? Although this is not my point of view but this is not the end. Why did he not ride a bicycle for the soldiers who are being martyred in the country? It is not a commercial exercise, don't you understand? Many people get sentimental about this.  Also, the soldier of the country is standing with a gun, taking 47 bullets, he is being martyred for the country, his package of 6.8 lakhs per year is fine in risk factor and the soldier who is making a picture, his thousand crore rupees is very much.  There is no injustice. There is no injustice. We have to understand that emotions are sold and earn money. The one who sells emotions earns money. The soldier who is standing with a gun is not able to sell emotions. He is standing there on a salary and there is money in his name. Earning can be done, we have to understand that and those earners are not there, no, give it to them, no, this is how it happens, we have to understand the capital structure, it is a game of emotions, only emotions are sold.  Let us go, we have to see what is being sold to us, what should we teach, what is the benefit to me, what is the benefit to me, some soldier gets martyred, all the media news channels reach out to us, oh, we are many, you are there, you are there, you are Pakistan.  Pakistan has done this, now they will not play matches, now the film stars will not go, these two days, four days, the day ended like this, then what did they do on sustainable basis, why did they not ride the bicycle, then the thing is that the bicycle is ridden where there are more fans and where there is social interaction.  Media will be found where  If the narrative is where money will be earned then it's extremely waste of time to follow true people I'm not doing late criticism, that's too good to let someone into your life, show your kids, show your family, which age is true, what ever little bit I do of you  No astrology and other things, we do n't want to make it too much on this channel, but this is not right, why enter for energy, why show your personal life so much.  Show these my children by doing like this, although the daily bloggers have done it like this because they connect because those who are loser type children who are not going anywhere in life, they say come on, something good is happening in their life, see this.  Do we take it or its struggle along with identification struggle? We know that we had great leaders, not just one but many of our great leaders, how did all of them show that they were with the poor, they were like this and that identification was done by all the people for their poor.  heard the story  There is a very top actor of India who says that he too was very poor. Father had contested the elections in 1952 and he had lost. That is a different matter. Will any poor man contest the MP elections? That too in 1952 on It's Not That Easy.  These facts are hidden for convenience and then later they are revealed to me because if I come and show myself to be very middle class or poor, I will Because everyone wants to hear a lot of stories. You tell me who you are. What is the story? Why is it necessary? If I have a good message to give it to you, you will listen. Listen to the message. Comment on the message. Argue about the message. Question the message.  They say don't shoot the messenger is an English proverb so the message Gaurav Nez is also giving is a venture.  They have their religion, they are doing very well in the content, the shooting that is done is voice editing, the entire team and excellent type of course, so many subscribers, so many views etc. will have to be given, they talk about production quality but bhaiya, does it do it?  Fall in to the domain of entertainment does it fall in essentially infotainment and entertainment and that value addition and education and something in that  You can get sucked into the true content in that. Don't watch someone else's life's struggles of resolve. Someone says this, you wo n't see it. You don't get any motivation from that motivation. Never follow anyone's life. Do n't get motivated by anyone. Don't say anything to anyone.  Look, how much time will you devote to listening to something useful, watching stocks, watching real estate, where are interest rates going, what is going to happen to politics, what will happen next in the stock market, what will be your job. What will be artificial intelligence? How to set your skills? How to control emotions? What is narcissism? What else happens in life? How do people improve relationships? How to improve body? How to improve mind. All this is beyond what you do and to yourself.  Deke sukoon mile janal jo sustainable ho where the video is about you this video when i am shooting and making is about you its not about me i  Don't talk about my self, in between I have more than just one line that brother, there is no one better than me, listen to me, I do n't speak anything, I only speak this much, I do n't even speak my name, I don't speak anything else, otherwise my content is about The audience has the content which talks about you for you of you and all these people have shown their apna apna ke saath bachcha ne ek woh jo spek ko joshi karke ladka hai woh ho gaya mere ko inse. You are irritated, brother, they are doing good, it should be like this, but my only problem is that if everyone has become like this, everyone has gone on this path, then you will say that my life is not going anywhere now.  Tell me what to do, you also become a flying beast, I tell me one thing, now the World Cup match is coming, okay, what stops you from cycling and what is the problem with its recording, no one will see you, why not?  Will see because you do n't even have a fan base. The world rides bicycles. There are people who ride bicycles 50 kilometers a day. Even today in India, they ride 50-60 kilometers a day. They go to work, come and do work and then come back.  They drive 2025 km and go, they drive 2025 km further but why is there delay, how can they sell? Sale can happen only when you make a base, your brother, get crores of subscribers. After subscribing, if you do anything then it will look great. What I am saying is cycling, anyone can do it, even a 12 year old or 15 year old child can do it. Put all the fuss, attach a camera and memory, do your cycling, what is so great.  Have you done it? Yes, I have done it but did not record it, then showing the proof is not a big thing. What is the need to show the proof? Show the proof of that thing which is great.  If you have climbed Mount Everest, then it is a big thing, so will you show me the certificate for it or have you done some other great work? 00 Great, by showing you my great work, by getting you a certificate and by calling myself great, what harm has it done to your life, believe me?  I have shown that I am very great, then we will respect you and you will respect me. What benefit will you get from it? I have earned respect, what is the benefit to you? If you understand, then never fall into this trap here.  We respect you a lot, we saw that content creator, we saw his time like this, we saw him wasting his time, please do not waste your time like this at all, this is a huge time wastage of life which this Gaurav Taneja ji is doing, Sara.  Content is a waste of time, avoid it, this is the message of course, his fans will feel bad, they may also feel bad, but this is okay, this is okay, then who should you look at, look at someone like me, you are just saying this to increase your views.  Is it selfish? Yes, this is what I am saying, they are riding a bicycle to increase their views. I am giving this counter narrative to increase my views. You awaken your consciousness and wisdom and decide who is speaking the right thing. You decide.  Everyone is doing it for themselves, I am also telling you the same thing, you just want your cheap publicity by taking the name of a big man, so no one would want cheap publicity, what should I do for one subscriber?  To gain, make a marketing budget of ₹ 5,000,000 crore, make it of 100 crore and then the picture will flop. Everyone will love what is so much in cheap publicity. Why are you being judgmental in love and why are you keeping so many emotions for me or  If someone speaks ill of me or I speak ill of anyone else, why are your emotions so awake? At the end of it, to any of your relatives, to you and anyone else.  If you are a subscriber, then you are not saying anything bad about him. You have so much love, so many emotions for your wife, for your children, for your parents, for your siblings. Keep that is the message. You have become a walking fan of anyone of the public because you feel like yourself.  You don't love and you don't have any people in your life to whom you can give those emotions. Now you are giving those emotions to the creators and our job as a creator is to extract your emotions and share them with you.  Stick to it, but only a person with Guru Tattva will come and tell you, brother, don't connect emotionally here, connect here on a practical matter, noted a good thing, will do it next time too, does it every time, you are fine, the day you won't do it, 1015 videos are done, someone  I am not able to understand the matter of work. Brother, don't you listen? Which is very good every time. I put pressure on me that in the video I am making, I am talking about work. For the next one, anyone can make me famous.  Look at my struggles, look at me like this, what a struggle it is and since when did struggles start becoming very good and rare in India. There is a struggle in every person's life. Here, go out on the road. Everyone is struggling to go from one place to another.  It's a struggle, it's a struggle. Stuck at the gate, somewhere at a railway crossing. It's a struggle to take out a car. It's a struggle to reach office. It's a struggle to reach school. It's a struggle to pass exams and go to a good college. It's a struggle to get a job after a good college. It's a struggle to get a job.  After marriage is a struggle, marriage is a complete struggle, having children is a struggle, raising children is a struggle, investment is a struggle, everything is a struggle, so since when did struggles become great in this country, why is anyone struggling in the UK, why there?  If you are doing it then you are doing it, what is the benefit to you, what is the benefit to you, you have to ask in everything, whenever you consume something, go anywhere, take any action, question your life, what is the benefit to me brother, if like this  If every person starts thinking then every person becomes selfish. Yes, if every person becomes selfish and he improves himself and takes care of his family and his extended family then our country will become a super power. This is the problem.  No one is selfish, no one does good for themselves, and no good is being done to some people, they just do good for themselves and go away like Tata Baba, and then when they grow up, you think, hey, look how much more.  To what level will the excitement go now, I will say, now I am feeling very excited after telling such a story, I am saying please like, subscribe, share but I will still do it because it is my religion, you got value added, you enjoyed it, if you liked it.  Do it, this is my dharma, this is my dharma, to engage you creatively, to benefit you and you grow me, but you have to see what you are getting in growth, any direct or indirect benefit of yours in my benefit.  Have a look at that then take a decision in everything in life no one will tell it so clearly and bluntly ok brothers and sisters please share it like subscribe thank you very much