Hello friends, D Youth on popular topic, till now such a great video on topic, story would not have been made by Indian YouTubers, Mangatao Movement in India, Bill game in next five years, I will tell you in the main section of Makdao Movement in India, What is Maktao, okay, Regions, Cities, Gaming Popularity.  What's next, we will talk in a big way with a set mind and the best video will give clarity to the youth, it will give clarity to all the boys, all the girls have to watch it, parents. You guys have to spread this India's number one clarity giver is going to give clarity better than this brothers and sisters or children, if you ever get a clear cut on this, then listen carefully, those who are from Mecca, please first give Mecca and  It is okay to write it and if I ask for anything else then do it in the comment area, it is a request, it is okay, it should not be too much, at least keep it a little. Let's start speaking by erasing it and saying like Was it MIG-21 or MIG-29? So MIG wala MIG, MIG, you are NGT and W, so what is I going on? This is a movement that has come out, it is a faceless movement, it does not have such a leader, something is like that, there is no one.  But due to this growth of feminism which has taken place within the very strong West, this men's movement has emerged, a kind of men's movement.  Feminism can make all these sense, it is fine, so it is becoming popular in India too. Basically, what is the identification in this, that nowadays many people have to write on their DP, status on Facebook status, Instagram, boys, they say that we are tough boys.  Those who are from Mecca also heard, those who know about their life in Mecca also heard, those who are confused, those who are confused also heard and those who have no idea also heard because the phenomenon is yours.  It is in the face, it will definitely increase in 5 years and I will clarify it very clearly, I will not take it from the side, it is better to grow it, I am not a moral science teacher, I am a life of clarity, it is as if you wear glasses and things can be seen as they are.  Now, why are they the way they are? After that, what do you have to do, then you have to take the decision yourself with your conscious mind and wisdom. Okay, so what are some of their characteristics? This is the general role that they have.  The conventional role of the society is to get married, have children, reduce the time from morning to evening and this one does not make it green, it is said that this is our life and women, like the dialogue of many women was that mother is like fish in women need.  There is an attitude of some celebrities by doing the cycle like this, earlier Priyanka Chopra was also there that brother woman was doing this, now it is the reverse in this basically like they need women basic if you do it, however, people felt red moment. Blue Pal and that too keep practicing English a lot because if you people have seen it big then Gavran had come out with Blue Film and Matrix, then Blue Pal means that you will go into bliss with the ignorance of this world, you do not know what is the reality of this world and  If you take Red Pal then you will see the bitter truth of this world. Nowadays, it is also called Red Pal, most of the people also call it Red Pal Movement, nor am I telling this to other people who do not know this vocabulary and all this, young. Generation's Na, those red moments are blue moments and like bills are made by doing like this. So today I am going to tell everything to the red moments, I will watch more carefully while asking for all the red moments. Okay, Guruji is also telling something, okay.  And I am not telling you about moral science, I am not going to give you any old knowledge and you will become a moral science teacher here, whether it is good or not, I am going to tell you something, okay, so this popular generation is creating world war in India and also India. What specifically?  Gender is there, it has become too much, people are seeing that there is another movement that all girls are traitors, that one is also making a lot of ketchup that girls cheat, are selfish, are after money, will ruin, this is how they mean women.  There is dominance, okay how about this third divorce, you are seeing the cases of divorce, of the aluminum man of Alumni Oats Dhaba, so these are men in all the coats, okay now.  But if it is a matter of speaking garbage, caste content, content, you know what happens these days, but in general quotes, law, government, government, personal life, too much, too much trouble has entered the country, so they say that we should not play games, basically you are this  Will you decide? Okay, she will take everything, the child is also her property, everywhere and she will not even play games with me. It is okay because child rights are the default setting of the child.  Study Woman Sympathy Woman Everything Woman Meaning These days the proponents say that if a woman walking around in a big city says anything against a man, he did this to me, then she is not Sunny and if a man  If the court bill takes IT scores and procedures then everyone will shame him, it will become a political thing and living, their cases are getting flooded very much, so living are reading their cases when girls are unmarried.  If some are living with boys, then there is a big group of boys who is watching all this and that is, morality is over, women are all over because the cases are also increasing, so this is also there and the basic essence of this is  The way to increase is that man, mother, young mother especially, this is not happening in last 50 years, then it is happening among young people, they are like this, girls have become like this, the girl's point of approach is to her, the man is thinking that even his mind is mine.  Pat also  Meri Ada Mere Papa Ka Heads and Tails Head Jagan Tails Also I One And Agar Woh Mistake Coin Ada Kya Hota Hai Coin Aise Stand Jho Jaye What Is D Chess Of Coin Standing Like This I Toss But Desi Ki Agar Woh Aisa Bhi Ho Jaaye  This is father's and this is also mine, this is also mine, this means this is this, this is this, this is what it is, this is what I have perceived, this is because it is a flood, but I am going to tell you the real reasons, Guruji, because this is what I have just said.  If you tell me four-five-six, even Google will tell you. If Google tells me, then how will my reputation increase? Why will you say hello to me? Only Google will tell you. You are getting flooded by telling me only this thing. I told you five-six regions, but what is the real region?  What is the real region? What is that region? I tell you that the sex ratio is quite favorable for the girls born in the 90s in the sense that it is less. The data that is available is all that, it is practical data, very much that.  If it is different, then this is a reason, girls will have a choice. It is a game of quantity, isn't it? Brother, demand is also about supply. What is the second thing? The system of arranged marriage was a middleman system by doing business. Mani ji will tell that the boy.  Who is Ba ji? Who is the girl? Told the family friend and those marriages happened. According to caste, community, according to social status, according to acquaintance, according to job, wealth. So what used to happen in that is that if you are a boy, it is okay and you are from a good family and you are not very sexy in appearance and your personality is also not good, even if you look, you were married, which if you look at, it is 20-25 years.  Even before 15, 20, 25 years, the answers used to be there, dear, many people must have attended the weddings. What do you say, the married couples looked beautiful, Bibi, and if I tell you tomorrow, the elder will be the one with color, but I am like that.  I am six, Miss Must, tell me, it used to feel like a lottery has been opened for you, brother, you will see this type of thing a lot in old times, that someone's mass, I don't know which one is his, they have come out of the cuckoo mine and they have come out of the diamond mine.  Aunty has come out, that is, such relationships were visible and a big marriage was going on, right, that and she also felt a sense of achievement that yes and she was also relieved in the tension that yes, we are caste, we have bananas, we have money.  If you are famous then it is fine then what are the chances of you attracting a decent female partner in your decent? What have you thought in your mother that I want this above 60% and you yourself are sitting at 40 and are not getting that? There is a lot of frustration. That's a different story, these girls are either marrying someone else, going into a live-in relationship with someone else, or not marrying, or moving in with someone else, or they have four  There is no pulse, now they know that they can't get it, there is no power, there is no power, they can't have it, then they ask for it, and then they say it like our Acharya Prashant ji, say the name, why are you late, you have to tell the duty, you have to tell one hundred crore people to the Miss Guide, man.  He is doing this to the youth so I have nothing to worry about, I have to play a role in it, do the role, awaken the consciousness from within because no one has told me in India, I am a marital counselor and consultant and I do n't know anything else.  What do I do to reduce sexual dysfunction among young mothers? It is a big disease, happening and nobody addressing, because there is no other world of yours, then you go into conscious waking state, you tell your mother, neither to father, nor to brother, nor to friend, actually mine.  Program, something has gone wrong here, because of my childhood bed habits, because of my thinking, because of this, because of that, actually that's why I am going, it's those who irritate me so much.  The story among women is that 5-6 out of 10 people are boys, I feel like no one has been on service, but friend tell me, these are the heroines on Instagram, these are the girls who do those demonstrations, they wear less clothes.  Have million subscribers, are there girls and are they asking for it or are there any different boys who are these who are doing so much porn and bad things on these websites, if anyone sees the data, this much is being downloaded, who is doing this?  You are demanding that everyone is becoming a monk, everyone is becoming a saint, they are all going to reduce the consciousness of the world in a big way, what is the hypocrisy that in real life, after having a female sir, but in private life, they give vikam on the phone, very good.  It is creating a lot of hatred. You are understanding my point, this is a big thing. Next, what is one more reason? Earlier it used to be like this that even 20-25 years ago, when marriages took place, those who were born 40 years ago  It is for those people that you were born a boy, it was a big thing in India, it was money caste, did you become a boy and what to do, if we became a boy, then being a boy, lion, your market value was very high that you will get a girl, the girls will say Namaste.  In the future, you will definitely get it, that is, just because you are a boy, a little money after seeing the family's respect, now something like this is not happening, right now many things are being done, the system of arranged marriage has ended now, your father, mother, uncle, someone.  Middleman, friend, relative, do n't know how to bring a girl because there is no guarantee for anyone, so who is this idiot, she agreed that she brought the girl and tomorrow they will be saved and if there is a fight, then mom will also get upset, didn't you suggest that it came from your mike.  She was that great grandmother who must be living, Dr. Das etc., she will not let me live. Oh, she has ruined her own life, she was the same, that's why I came. It has gone a lot, I have seen it like One Up went on inside Haryana too. If the people of Haryana do something about marrying in your country, then these days the people of Haryana will not marry your girl, they will marry their own, that is, but there are many things, I will tell you too much, then people are a little worried that when the truth comes, then they will arrange marriage.  The system itself is collapsing because nobody wants you to take the responsibility inside ye.coms, and brother, there is insecurity in the marriage of jo.coms because of you, really the day after tomorrow, a lot of fraud is taking place, boys are also giving in it and  The girl is also giving her n-tankha, the girl is lying, the financial status is lying, the girl's family is telling 50 different types of lies and these cases are becoming very common, what is the whole marriage sir, nothing ever happens but it gets messed up.  There is one last region of Mecca which is in the rail region where there is insecurity of a mother, that man who is not only good in looks but also does not think that he will be able to attract any girl and if I do it then This one will not last with me because I don't deserve this feeling, it has also come to many people, it was not there before, like I used to be confident even if the boy was shapeless, that means he has no hair, his stomach is protruding on his head.  Its color is not equivalent to its popular color, its face is not equivalent to its features, its manners, its language, its way of speaking, its personality, even then there was such a blast in it, it was such a relief, that thing is gone, that society, the apple is gone and if it is gone then Well, now the youth is permanent, so now even the good boys in comparison to earlier are also very insecure about their ability to attract, because of this era of social media, everything is Instagram, have you seen these days, if you are any youngster. Look, everyone has kept the same beard, everyone seems to be relatives of Virat Kohli, it seems like Virat Kohli roams around with a beard, is n't this one different?  There is no personality, that means we can't tell which one is which, the face which is not visible, it takes 10 times more effort to maintain the beard than doing it daily, meaning if you do it daily then it does n't take any effort to get a cat like that.  So Bhai Saheb, I don't know at what level of maintenance, I will do it from here, I will do it from here too, but this one will have a beard, this one will be so short cut, this one will be like this, this one will be more like that, I am God, now those who do not maintain her like that.  You do n't know about them, everything is fed and everything is giving rise to security. I talk about change of mindset. I am going to tell you in a very good way. All the people of Mecca are as much as you are. Please Guruji, I just want something less.  After what doesn't happen, tell me, we will continue like this, we have made a clear cut, first I will tell you what lies are, how they are, some yes, are women taking advantage of the loss, some women, yes, what is going wrong with some boys, yes, no day  doing  I am not doing any day but please capture their number and base rate as I am telling you, the biggest thing is to listen carefully to all the government exams which are held in different statuses. You must have heard about every state, be it Haryana and Rajasthan.  Be it Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, it was Vyapam, question papers are leaked, governments are about jobs, I do n't know what would have happened had I applied for a government job, this note and point is not there, Monica, why are you ignorant?  This aspect is because they have you do it advised you bill not survive second thing you tell me how many builders are there who do not give houses developers how many people have lost their money you see in Greater Noida 38000 MBC is being built and everywhere in the world India  The third thing you will see is that it is written on the cigarette that smoking will cause cancer. The photo has been pasted on it well but the smoker smokes or not because of this, you ignore it.  What I am saying is that there is a mental something filter with everybody that you can actually suck you can ignore you can actually suck you can ignore if you want because look at the next example, the accident that happens to you on the roads, there are a lot of accidents, even in the newspaper, there is a train accident.  What has happened is so terrible, recently do people stop traveling by train and by car, then this is what will happen.  I told you less, not everyone can eat ready food, everyone knows it is dirty, dust is visible, Ram is making these laddus again and again in dirty oil and whatever other things you like, those are the things you get like mom and samosas.  And that means pakoras and all this is happening and those Golgappas are also covered with dirty hands, water and dust of the world, everyone knows that the hunger is going on, they will eat better, that is, it can be done, the tenant takes possession.  There are many tenants in the house, they always give money to the house, even the bachelors give Chadha, these people give you what is over India, despite the privilege, now that because how much is the bill, you give and do, farmers are suppressing pesticides and not putting it in India.  So many farmers are called Annadata. It is okay not to have the courage to speak against the farmers. Simply, the farmers have caste and they are using them for the dirty taps of Najafgarh.  There are also vegetables etc. Tell me, go to Delhi and see, go and see in which water they grow. Once you see, people are worried about everything, so you are doing this, it is causing a lot of trouble here. Insidiously, compare all these things, if thousands of vegetables, thousands of this tenant, thousands of accidents, thousands of exams, then check those details from them and check here also.  The reason is that in all these things you feel that there is a difference between a boy and a girl, boys have given up mentally, I am sad, sexual dysfunction issues are something you should talk about and address and this is a subject of so much pain.  You can also become a psychopath, your movie will be good, a psychopath can even become a killer, if this thing is not addressed, I am telling you how extreme it is, but how extreme it is, it is zero. Late on body to 10 and if it is on the scale of two-three-four-five in someone's life then it is depression here, teasing from girls, these kind of reactions, I want to tell you one more thing, apart from being a woman all day long.  There is nothing to talk against, they hate women, they will write everywhere on Twitter, everywhere in the comments on YouTube, they will read the same articles on WhatsApp that a normal man in a normal relationship with a woman who has a  She is a normal wife, she lets the girl take it off, she used to fight that she is a mother, a daughter, a sister and a normal wife is in a healthy relationship in a normal relationship, he does not even talk to the woman, what about the woman for 24 hours, what to do about the woman, what is this something like a date. Hit rate: If the religion that you see is not hot, you know that they will talk about it 24 hours a day, the man who will keep it boiling like tea.  It is secured, it is okay, he knows, yes, there is something wrong, but I cannot talk about it in 24 hours, nor can I think about it, I have to reduce the rest too, so this is an issue, when I ask you to take a moment to do this.  Now you have to do this thing and you have to always tell that women are bad, bad, bad. Some solution to this is if you see that no matter what you are, can you attract a good female who is good in your definition? That definition is quite strict, Shakti is that definition based on your mother, Shakti is like your mother, there are no girls like her mother, she endured atrocities like her mother, doing too much physical work in the family is also an atrocities in itself, we glorify it, mother.  You are torturing me by eating food from my wife's hands. Mother, I have become wise. I will eat from your hands. I don't have the courage to get my wife's food made. Now she doesn't get it like this. So join Makkah and I and you will eat from your mother.  Why can't you mix it? Who said that only the food made by your mother will be good? The food made by you cannot be good. The tea made by you is not good. These are the ways to reduce power from people. If you can have a society then you can attract people.  I am subscribed to the info group and will do ISP workshops in the comment area. Those who are losers, who have stamped their place, made corn on their foreheads and painted women for their whole life, then you are  They will not join you, it is not necessary that they will join you, but those children of IF I Baati, who do not have friends, no Guruji, tell me something, no, no, because why am I telling you, when not many people will talk about marriage, first of all, 20-30 years, 40 years, 50 years.  Getting married is not a great deal, getting married is also not a great deal, because having more children is happening because these were happening. Photos of great but no it bill start people are not getting married.  The marriage of 50 more people is not going well and 25 people are unhappy in their marriage. Those 10-15 people whose marriage is going well and are married and have a child, then their sense of achievement is very high.  IT BILL WILL BE HIGHER AND IT BILL GIVE MORE SATISFACTION ACHIEVING OTHER STATUS AND CORPORATE POSITION AND RICHING OTHER POSITION IN LIFE BECAUSE YOU AFTER 20 YEARS IF  A man can say, I am married, my marriage is going well, my wife loves me decently, that is why it is going well, we have two children, 10% of the people who eat this will remain in the middle class, only 10-15% are in the middle class.  Will go because either there will be marriages or there will be no marriages, then there will be no marriages, if there will be no marriages, then there will be no children, if there will be no children, then there will be no beds, then they will not walk, then two will not do, one will do, the one doing one will also say, I will not do, these misconceptions are 80%.  It will happen that those 20% of the people who have become normal will dance like this, you know me, marry this oil live, this will become a big thing. Today, those who are in the age of 4056, their marriages are going on, so there is no sense of achievement. Ronali is that he did this, this is yours, you are like this, here you are women, yours is like this, yours is like this, your husband is also very tortured, the son has seen that in the marriage, you  Who too is not happy, he got a black mother, he will also join, and the girl who sees that her mother never got happiness, she will also remain, I don't want to stay in the bond of marriage, the previous generation did it and someone came to India.  He is not coming and talking like me that give it an effort, you have to work hard because it is worth the effort, just as you work hard, you get promotion at your job and you feel relieved, you have to grow a lot, you feel a sense of achievement or  By preparing for IIT/IIM exam, you get sensor achievement. By clearing UPSC, you get achievement. By doing some bands, you get achievement. In this way, even by getting married, people will get achievement because not marrying is the easy way out. By getting married, fulfilling it is adjusting and adjusting both.  I am speaking for, not only for boys, but also for girls, achievement and brother-in-law are very good girls, there is always relief at 10-20%, your rice is whole and there is a black one in it.  Even if there is a pimple, it will not be noticed. If this shirt was supposed to be white and if one day its mark would appear on the white shirt, then it would be so small that such a big white shirt would not be noticed. This is human nature. This is how many boys would get noticed.  And it suits them, everything suits them consciously because their mind says Bhai Humse Na Ho Pe Munna Sir and someone else will take it, she will run away and go away, who put this in your mind, why are you not confident in yourself? This much  Why would you leave the flowers and run away? Your face is not beautiful. You can take a good haircut, you can maintain good physical hygiene, you can apply fragrance, you can keep the fragrance by brushing your mouth, you can improve your speech, you can improve your thoughts.  You can do better than this, many women get attracted. Women are not just superficial, it is only your six pack that is attracting you. If you were getting attracted by your six pack, then all these people who break iron in the gym are with them.  The IT I reduce by wearing glasses is not there, they do not get married, then there is the problem in real life, so before being tough in life, boys will have to do some self-examination before abusing women. I conduct workshops on this.  I will do the workshop which is not a loser, it is okay and the Qatar which is not Maktao, I ask that people should not be called losers, do not step back here, losers have spoken differently, Mecca has spoken differently, I ask for a thought process. Because of your circumstances, because of your exposure, you became demanding because you did not find any woman in your ecosystem who could give you coolness, in your relative friend circle, maybe your friend circle was such where friends  If your wife has done this or you are dating someone you know, then you have just considered her as the sample size, you have considered her as the world, then it would be wrong to think that when you will have to increase the sample size and  That horizon has to be expanded and when I tell you what in Wagner and what I tell you in the workshop I Bill Do It on D in Only Because in Going There on Way then I will do between 18 to 30 years old 30 18 to 35 Whatever This is my bill to give practical advice where as they say, the jeweler is the real one, he does not have any tension whether the diamond is a separate real diamond or not.  And we can't know whether it is fake or not. Diamond's transparency is this, it is brittle, its hardness is this, its color is this, the price of diamond is based on what we call carats and parrots, so I have been in Surat a lot there too.  If there is a diamond industry, it has a pattern. I follow it with great interest and have learned it very well. I can only speak loudly to myself. Diamonds do not survive but I value them. I get to know the importance of diamonds. According to its value, its tax parameters are big, I will tell you that thing because when you do not know how to see a diamond, you are not a jeweler, you are always afraid that something will be stuck to me, someone is wrong, but once you know this diamond.  Is the diamond real or fake and what is the level of real diamond? They have to be written in IQ. You will know that yes, it is fine. Whatever diamond is bought is fine, it is also cut according to transparency and it is cut according to weight. According to the color, according to the looks, the price of diamond is decided by that, then I will teach you the procedure to attract girls in big ways, butter yourself because when you increase your value, then later I will teach you that procedure.  That I bill do this in the month of July One side cross subscribe Just request to you guys Can you add two or three subscribers This video also 10-12000 people  So see, I am Sir, we can see this much, even 20000 people can see it, so if only one of you has subscribed, then even after doing well and good advice, if two people subscribe, then it will touch you lakhs like brother.  If I do this, then get it done, who is going to give so much clarity in it, take 2 hours of date, I will forcefully improve each and every thing about you, I will remove all the bitterness, I will remove all the pain.  I demand, I demand, what is Maktao, it is not just a bitters and a pain, Rakhi is kept for where, friend, the moment is going on like this for the losers, now I have called you a loser, no problem, it is okay, so don't be negative because ultimately you are bill and up speaking.  And thinking about female only, she is not taking you, not giving you happiness, if you are getting happiness then it is necessary to talk, woman is bad, leave it, it is necessary to talk through mouth, who knows? Girls are following girls, tell me this much brother, society, discuss, why is this hypocrisy maintained that here the girls are of good caste, if I look quietly like this then Gandhi and Gandhi look like this and look like this, you look with the eyes of hatred.  You look at this with hatred even when you see it here, tell me in private, no one will come to your face and ask so much, don't tell me, don't take it while asking, if you don't even look at women then where a woman is cooking, don't show any emotion. Don't go where there is a woman bus, don't talk to anyone of yours, don't end all relations, do n't even talk, we have nothing to do, now I got it right, but brother-in-law, I will call it a last decade, note and decide. Give more in this decade, then everything starts late, okay, I am telling him, do it with the child too, you will do whatever you give birth to so late because you are 15 years old, that same movement also came out in 60 of this.  You must have seen the movies Andar Dum Maaro Dum, they will end, some of them will come to the normal stream and those who will stay there will remain the same, they will not go and live their life because as you know in the sixties neither it had happened nor it had started. Gone will be popular so much, this is also a factory, whatever data is there for 5 years, whatever will happen in 5 years, children born in 2005 will come in the marriage market in 2030, there will be gender five, six plus a little after eight.  When it will start getting better then the little tantrums that remain of the girls because it is a choice because there are missing girls, those missing girls will reduce, so that choice factor will not be there because then it will become equal, so after 2330 this things are getting better but before.  Getting butter witch it like fight tu seven years from no de bill get butter initially just today i have discussed but it will pick it will grow it will grow  And your child should not get entangled in this, you have to take knowledge, you can tell the child if the parents are watching that brother, listen, attend the workshop, your mind will be a little healthy, you will look at a relationship with an opposite gender with a normal eye, I will make it very healthy.  I am not saying to respect and look at you well, normalize what is normal, what happens in normal, some have bad feelings, some have come good, some have come doubtful and they are normal people.  It is good by force, good cannot be seen everywhere. If it is not good everywhere then do not find bad by force everywhere. Date is D message please share this very important video very important video I hope you share it with maximum people many in society.  Many times I have to request you very loudly to share this one so that it gives clarity to you people and I have shared it with you. Explain the examples. Giving exam after getting the exam paper leaked. Sitting in the train in case of an accident. It is OK to have an accident. Smoking cigarette even after having the chances of getting cancer. If you are doing it everywhere then what problem will there be here? I demand this, why aren't you people making a movement to quit smoking? Why aren't you people making a movement to reduce wrongs?