Hello friends, this is a very important video for the youth, especially the young men, okay, such a devilish smile comes on your face, I have always been a channel, if you are a content creator, you must have seen I am a family man, marriage, this is everyone's chak more. Whenever I used to make such videos, I always talk about family serial type and sometimes happiness and sometimes sorrow type, so below I will say a lot of very youth only. Because the line that I am about to say is very old but was written and by linking to it I will tell you, Hey Guru ji, why to marry, when milk is available in the market, do you keep buffaloes, it is a very common thing, I do not endorse it as a.  By doing that, I am telling you that people used to speak like this, so brothers and sisters, our new Indian Code has come, the law has come, okay, I am not a lawyer, nor an expert in law, nor am I the one to flaunt my expertise here.  Okay, but I am going to say this to all the young men out there, read section 69 carefully. You are okay, so those who were going into living in relationships are living or are thinking of being in this kind of relationship because it is okay.  No, this is not happening in India, as per the present times, this new law has come, under this, if intention to marry has been stated and claimed by your partner, then it can land you.  In trouble since it is your life since it is your decision please start googling ok I am not coming here to spread such fear ok and as it is true I said I am not a qualified lawyer because here when the lawyer's mind is curdled  So why should I come and become Guruji above them, okay why should I become but many people are saying that this is the law and I will get experts also on my channel if you  People Are Interested in Full Clarity If You Want Me to Actually Read All This Make Notes This is not the whole thing, these are the changes, this is what I have, this is what I have, these are the changes, these are so many changes, you have to read all these notes  We have to make it, okay, so I am not going to give it just cooked like this, okay, I am also studying, making notes, this has come recently, but there is one thing, brothers and sisters, two in life.  This is the only way we get sex and I want to tell it to my young boys, it is okay to make your hands yellow, that is marriage or it is okay to blacken your face, there is a lot of risk in the second one, so please be careful, don't be so casual now.  Everything is written in it because in the language of law, start reading that a promotion was promised, a marriage was promised, some inducement was done, some fact was hidden, something was done like this, now it is.  It is very difficult to prove that this was not the case or if it was there, then there is a provision of 10 years of punishment, so brother, you will have to be a little careful, but those who were on the path of wisdom, discretion and consciousness, then what is the right thing to say about section 498 now, which section should it be?  Has it gone? Is it 86? Is it 87? Start reading. Whom it affects? Nothing will happen just by being afraid. There is power in knowledge only. How do you go about it please if.  You have a lawyer friend, it's okay, start this, this is high time, there has been a change in some countries, so you should know, otherwise, Suti Paisi, I did n't even know, I didn't even know, a lot of people are saying that now on social  There are experts on media and where we also discuss. I would also like to get an expert if the audience wants. If you want on this thing then there are lot of NGOs and I am in touch.  With this thing, voice against men and women and that too, whatever names remain different, okay, so voice for men, I forgot, I think the exact word is okay, so it is important to know the law, it is important to know the law.  You do something after it happens, that's okay, it's like everybody has to stop, every buddy knows, that's okay, so in the same way you should know, now if you jump on the raid, you should know that  This is coming at a great risk, the risk of having an accident and the risk of being issued a challan, so the rider is responsible for his own luggage. It is written in many places, so there is a bit of I will not say moral policing, but it has been done in such a way that the incentives are reduced. I don't know if living in relationships will come to an end overnight, but as if that UCC had come to Uttarakhand, it is a bit okay, it created a stir.  Okay, then now this is coming, a little is coming, so now it will be a little like this, where to go, where to go, meaning the path is there, then where is the color of the shirt I am wearing, okay, the program will be done with this color brother, okay one  In a way if you look at it then you can be a happy man if you become a moral science teacher but if you go by modern times then it is a topic of discussion then I am I may like something but I still stand up for individual freedom and right also  that This is my personal take. Okay, so I am satisfied that something is happening according to my idea and the attention is going there, but then I always say that building up the consensus and taking it after doing that is always a better way than you know. This is still happening by interpretation experts but it affects your life. Brothers and sisters, all you youngsters are in your early 20s.  Those who have not married at the age of 30, what can happen, please read and clarify the provisions under this and if you feel that no, this is not right, then you have to raise your voice. Britishers also used to bring laws, so they like it.  Had it not been so, Indians would have raised their voice even at the time when they were not free. Now we are free. Now we have democracy. Be it brother. Now there is no punishment for raising your voice.  There will be sticks and whipping because at that time when the voice was raised, where is the voice raised these days? It is not that I will pursue my personal agenda or will do something based on personal liking because that becomes the correct thing.  An approach for a good mentor is to show both the paths, even if he says, this is my favourite, I like it, but there is also this path, this path has these advantages, this path has these  These can be disadvantages. Benefits If you are feeling them then they can be but they are temporary benefits. For long term I think this is a better thing and this is how it is okay but yet I feel individual in present times individual rights.  And I think that freedom is something higher than a gender, yes gender should also get rights and protection but individual rights are also there and in this I want that  Women themselves came out and came up with something that they should feel that yes man, this is okay, nothing too much is okay and this can be misused because maybe their voice should be heard more according to men, if they see this then they will say ok you.  So you always need the exit route. Everywhere, it is a very tricky thing. According to me, there is a need to study a lot on this. You guys, whoever has knowledge on this can comment on it, brothers and sisters.  Better knowledge please write exactly let this comment section be flooded with and especially many of you are lawyers too so please write and that is one of our crowd sourcing of wisdom information knowledge will become and knowledge because many of you Now don't start writing in this opinion, what is good and what is bad, what is there but exactly what is there exactly and according to what and  How meaning can harm you, just what it is, giving logical justification to it, dismissing something in one line or calling it great is a lower order thinking, my channel is based on higher order thinking, so I would like brothers and sisters, as many of you as possible  I am also a subscriber, please contribute, add me to your circle, if you have any bright intelligent boy or girl or someone who would want to know, do good research on it because  It also talks about marriage. Got married by making false promises in marriage. Hiding identity. Talks about interfaith marriages. It's a long thing. It's not just about living in living in. It was part one. It talks about marriage. Sex And 69 Is What I Think You Should Be Reading Now The New One Is And Talking About It Please Share With Every Buddy  Thank you very much