Hello friends, today's topic is youth and high things, why do I have to make this video because a trigger happened, I saw a video, someone sent me a very popular user like this, he also wears glasses and talks like this, is it okay?  Will there be youth with them, 18, 19 and 20 year old children? I don't even call them youth, I call them children only. Okay, so I got to hear big things from them. What I heard in the last video were the things about success.  What is it inside the foreign countries, inside the developed countries or in the US, is it all about money, is it all the same, is it like this, is this what happens and they are listening, no, I am watching, children are listening.  And they are getting motivated like this, they are getting inspired for what is happening, they will discuss but what I want to tell I am the only one giving clarity for the youth and I am saying that my channel is actually  It is required, I wish it would reach crores, all this nonsense, the youth should not talk or listen to such high things, nor do they have the right, and I will tell you what to do, but first I will tell you all these things, which may sound a bit loud.  Let me speak a little calmly, all these things are not taking you anywhere, they are not taking you anywhere, the users themselves are like what they do, they have attracted all this because these things are opposite to father and mother.  We do this, father and mother will say, do something, become something, go out, do something, and then what should we do, we have to do something like this, I am having such thoughts, I am under a lot of pressure, this is a very good generation, is n't it?  This mimosa generation has got these people who care about people, they are not like us, the fathers who show tongs are fine, so they just reach out to them and the parents do not even have the language to talk to them. All the children are sitting with their heads held on these YouTube channels, whether they are on their phones, whether they are physically going or listening all the time and it is visible that if you are roaming around with 3 crore followers, then brother that means 3 crores.  People are attracted, but it is a different matter that when they turn 26, 27, 28 years old, their attachment gets disillusioned, they realize that your talk was nonsense, then it is seen that your 3 After getting close to 10 million subscribers, the views don't reach even 3 lakhs, but those fresh chickens come, subscribe, follow, after two-four years they don't reach anywhere and leave. All the people like me do n't leave, listen.  We are understanding, we are getting benefit and this is what I want to tell you that you have no right to talk about any spirituality, otherwise, if we do n't know, then we don't know, yes, no, I myself have been doing this for 25 years.  I am telling you the record below, I have also told you in my webinars, today I am telling you here too that anyone below 25 years of age asks me any question, 99 but I don't even talk to him, I ask only one question, you 12 14  Do you work for hours? No, I don't want to talk. Don't talk to someone whose car is not running. There is no benefit in helping someone who is stuck. No one can move him forward. This is the youth who is between 18 to 25 years.  Talk, I am sitting like this, you tell us why should we do this, you explain to us, answer this thing, we will learn a little something from here, I sow a little knowledge, I say shopper's knowledge, I will give it to you and come and test people like us, you are good Guruji.  He understands, tell me who am I, who are you? I said yes, I understand, I understand where you came from, I am okay, then you say, okay, you are this but this is your name, okay this is this, this is yours.  Gender is this, this is your profession, but who are you, then I am a soul, I am this, you are not made for this work, work for 14 hours, set up your own food, clothes, house, then you have the right to this kind of thing.  You have not even crossed the syllabus to discuss things. You cannot do these things about differential integration in seventh class. You have not studied Newton's laws yet, but you can do all the above things.  What ca n't you do? You didn't do a job, you didn't earn money, you did n't go out in the sun, you didn't struggle, but you have to be intellectual because it is philosophical, because these are activities, there are things in them that I don't want to use the word, but do that, you are fine because.  These are the things that are said to the youngsters, so what are the parents to do here if your children are like this, parents, if you see it becomes like America that 18 year old Tom Peter Mary please go out stew lone.  Do whatever you want to do by Tata is fine, but that is the habit of Indian parents, it means taking care of children till old age and then making them serve you through life and all these are our values, these are very strong values, right? People have to realize the youth have to realize that the old Indian success and India is old, they are telling only half knowledge, oh man, how was the work done earlier, Kumar was made in the old system.  The child was a potter, the goldsmith was a goldsmith, all of them were engaged in their own system, the child was a weaver and he started working from the age of 15 16 14 15 and then he used to work in the agricultural field, so the youth was Working or this is what has happened now, father is a government servant, a teacher or is in a corporate job, so the child cannot do anything. What will the child do in 16 years, will he become what the father is?  He will become a typist, shorthand or something like this, he cannot become an assistant, father, he has the luxury, earlier there was no luxury, the children in the family used to learn, they used to work, they kept learning while doing it, it was late 21 22 23 24  The 25 year old youth was not talking like this, there is great taste in this, don't go to college, there should be discussion, there should be thinking, there should be revolution, there should be revolution. Then what revolution is the youth bringing? A person who cannot change his bedsheet, cannot clean the bathroom, has his mother wash his underwear and vest, is dependent on eating food cooked by his mother, can never prepare tea for his mother and give it to her.  It will bring a revolution. People do not wash their underwear and vests. People wash their underwear in such a way that the skin gets cut. Now I have to tell you that as an example, soap does not come out of them.  Their thighs should be cut, their waistcoat should be cut like this, this is the condition of boys and girls too, this is a bad condition and this means that before changing the world, change your room, change your bedsheet once, keep your books properly and this Idle talking eight eight 10 10 12 hours, stop taking knowledge, start working and all the adults are fine adults i.e. above 25, working parents, elder brothers, elder sisters or I am also requesting the influencers to please stop giving knowledge to 18 to 24 year olds. Friends, 18 to 24 year old people don't deserve any knowledge. Give them the work they deserve. I will tell you what to do now. Now you people are listening too. I am in this age group that brother, go out of the house for 12 hours, do some work in the real world, talk to real people, do networking, you will figure out that in small towns there is so much.  That book like Bavi Fell has been annihilated, now after seeing the picture, more books will be published, because what is there in the preparation, in the preparation, Papa will feed you, Mummy will make you drink tea, Papa is doing all the jobs, Mummy is taking care of everyone.  She is keeping it and the child is just sitting, getting motivated half the time and what is he doing in it. When he gets tired of being motivated, at 111 o'clock in the night, his consciousness, intellect and conscience remain awake till 1.30 in the morning. Then he sleeps late, then he wakes up late, Satya has been destroyed, there is nothing actually to do in a small town, you cannot do anything except preparing for the competition, there is no opportunity for work, till then your father is busy in work.  If your father is a businessman, then it is okay, he went to the shop, sat in the street, did business, did something else, what is the other way in the big cities, who is the athlete?  Which is my core audience, mostly I am a person from big cities, okay I am not like that from small cities but if you want to learn by connecting then it is a different matter because no person can create content for all the genres.  Have to throw them out of the house, do whatever you want, come and work for free, go and do anything for anyone, this competition is not going to be like any magic, till 12th you have learned all that you have to learn, writing, reading, communication, be it BA, B.Sc or B.Tech.  Engineers are not teaching you, they are becoming stand up comedians, no engineers are doing engineering work, no one else is coming out, every person is asking others, whenever someone comes to me and asks, what should I, a 23 year old, do?  Go and ask your teacher in the school where you studied for 12 or 15 years. Ask the college students who used to show tuition and teach. Ask them like us, now tell me what should you do. If anyone ever asks what should I do, he is the biggest loser.  Don't give him any guide, tell him one thing, he will not understand, then he will not enjoy what he enjoys, he will not be able to sustain it and who needs to tell everyone that earning money is never fun and learning is fun.  Stop doing this, you Qatari Kaif, Ranveer Kapoor, Alia Bhati, all these, what do you like about their works, they are fun, there is a lot of money, animal picture is gone, 900 crores are gone, all the pictures are gone, you must have seen it is still released, earlier released  Pathan Shahrukh Khan, it is so much fun to see those who do this work, no no, they are very passionate about it, they are just discipline, they know fear, money and if they want to sustain this lifestyle, then they have to do it, the fun doesn't stop even there.  It's not fun to give 15 retakes to one shot. I know that. I, I, I do these. I make my own videos. I don't give any retakes or do any editing. I know that if I had to, I wouldn't have made anything.  I will get it and I will give it in one shot, it has 25 shots, one scene, one dance, one step, you don't know what happens, there will be no fun, don't talk big, do n't go after big things, don't ask big questions.  A person genuinely wants to go or reach somewhere, like my best consultation is, I have seen the life of people between 35 to 45 and people between 35 to 50, I have seen the struggles, a good coach can help there.  There should be a bowling coach, someone who runs away, you can't reach someone like this, I do n't know how to bowl, teach me bowling, there is no one who can teach me from zero, why would anyone teach you, you should have a natural inclination towards that thing that I bowled so much.  It bowls at good speed, accuracy, you tell me what action should I change, how should I change the run up and how should I improve or you will go straight and ask me, should I bowl?  Or should I bat or should I throw javelin Nobody will even look at you This is the hard reality What I want to tell the youth Maximum youth This is what is going on I am telling you by taking the example of sports parlors Why would anyone tell you?  Let me take the example of a live webinar and tell you how to interact with the youth because of this 20 18 20  Sir of 22 people, I want to do law, yes, do it very well, but sir, it is costing a lot of money, and my father is not that rich, okay, don't do it, but father is saying that he will manage the money.  If you do it then I said ok then do it then father is allowing me then should I do it again but then how will it happen further, this friend from where do you want the shot, who will give it, why will he give you any confirmation for anything that you do?  need everything Who will give it? Why would anyone give it to you? Anyone who is giving you a course, giving you knowledge, conducting workshops, making you do something, that is for people who are performers, you did not become an actor by worshiping someone who has zero acting skills. There needs to be a basic intention that I want to become an actor, then I go to someone, then I learn from him, then I knew so much of something, I learned so much of the story, multiply zero by anything, zero remains but you.  If it is above zero then you can reach somewhere. If there is no current coming anywhere, then how much amplifier should you put in it? Put some, the current will not come, but yes, if there is some voltage coming somewhere then it can be increased and mostly.  Youth, especially youngsters between the ages of 18 and 25, go to their parents, they go to their parents, their parents say something, they don't find it convincing, someone else says it, they don't find it convincing, then this All the dreamers come, do SIP, do it like this, become a millionaire, become like this, become like that, you watch all this content and then those motivational people come, they go after the motivational people and talk big. What is your right to talk big, tell me, you have not earned anything, you have not published anything. You have come to America by naming America as useless, now India has become good, then ok, America is bad, the western world is bad, their values ​​are bad, we are great.  best nation  It is the best, then what happened in your life, then now you have heard this, accept that India has become the best, then our India is the best, our values ​​are the best, now tell us how happy you are, the next day the sun will rise again, then what will you do now, what will you get in that best India?  What are you getting in that best country with the best values? What happened to you? You have called America dirty because there we talk about money, we talk about success and success is all about money, is n't there success in health? So stay happy youth  22 year old people are healthy because mostly people are healthy only or in youth everyone is mostly healthy, so be happy then you are healthy and just maintain your health, just go on with your work, health does not mean anything in itself.  No one is asking you to lose your health. Be practical in life and do not seek that someone will start or push your car. First gear in a moving vehicle.  People are sitting in the car to shift from second to third to fourth gear, but they should see the moving vehicle. Not only this, there have been historians who have helped somewhere, there have been gurus and mentors, no one wants to be one of those loser students who are big.  There are coaching centres, there are schools, they also take entrance tests so that our result does not get too bad because if we take the totally incompetent person, then he will not be eligible for the name. You have reduced the fees, you have collected sheep.  They have done it, they have given it, there will be no benefit to them, so you will have to become something somewhere and youth should stop asking what to do because nobody is actually interested, what are you to do, everyone is sitting with their own, do different digital marketing digital. I can teach aspiring entrepreneurs through communication, but after selling something first, come, struggle, try, at least sit like this, but how can I speak, but how can I open my mouth? It doesn't open, you can't say after attending a two-hour workshop that if you are from this state then you should not come. Recently I heard someone say that even on a salary of ₹ lakh, you ca n't reach it on a salary of ₹ lakh.  Start from 40, start from 50, the one who is sitting on one today, did they all start from one only? They show everyone this package of IIT-IM and make it look like this, they too are only 5-10 per cent.  The packages are available there, they are not available and they are also installed, there is no job beyond them, sometimes the burn rate is so high, no one tells the whole story, no one understands, everyone listens to a little bit and then runs away after listening to their own version.  But stop learning this motivation and learning this fun. Any person who takes you towards some harsh action and gives guidance there and that person is right, the person who gives you the greatness of spiritual knowledge in 22 2 years, 18 19 20 years. Remember that he is telling you some stories, he is your enemy, you are liking it only because father and mother do not listen, your friends and boyfriend are not yours, you do not roam around much, you do not understand how to make money, you are not earning anything from you.  If not, then he is just like that, he is massaging you with something that is giving you peace, he will put you to sleep again, take you into unconsciousness, then you will wake up again and then you will go to him, he will feel good now.  Last time I had taken a little name of Utter, what about me, his army has come and made life difficult, so I am not taking his name, it is okay because his army should not even collect me because it is okay for him who is his ex-army.  I just want to tell you that you come and tell me that I am telling you the truth, I am not telling you why you wasted so many years, it would be better if you could have worked somewhere else, work in double shifts in India, otherwise you can earn Rs 1200 00 in a big city. you and  You can earn Rs 40000 per month without any education. If I am talking about doing daily wage labor without any skill set, it is not that there is no money but that this is a small work, I am not even asking you to do it, I am also useful.  I will tell you something in the videos. Earlier also I have told many people to do it and earn money. Many people could not do it. I told about OT exam but many people did not understand it because how will they do it, what will they do? Only you can tell me. I will tell you like that in every video. I say, tell me the account number, I will just put the cheque, I will tell everything, the youth will have to see from inside why anyone would tell you everything, why would they tell you anything and if such a great thing is being held by one person, then those who are his employees. Below the 40,50,600,000 work that is done, it cannot be achieved by following it, if that thing is so easy to do then I tell you the things which are very simple but not easy like weight.  The formula to lose weight is very simple but not easy. Eat less, exercise more, reduce calorie intake, take out more. Your weight will reduce. It is very simple but is it easy? Is it on a sustainable basis? You can do it.  If yes, then you will definitely reach then please share, like, discuss, subscribe the channel and in the comment section you will get my webinar info group Guruji from  You will find a Telegram group in Gurugram, join it. Whenever I organize any such workshop or that thing, you will get a notification. If you do not do anything, you are already sitting at zero, then please do not join because zero people will not do any good.  Yes, some are fixed and physically some are trying and some physically go out of the house for 10 to 12 hours some do it not to interact with each other  The one who actually does something then you come then I will be able to help you in another way Not so crystal clear No one tells you everything is so easy Just doing it Nothing is easy No nothing is easy Even cleaning your stomach in the morning is not easy  If it is, then nothing is easy but you should know what to eat, whether you will eat roughage, whether you will eat coffee like this, how much coffee should you eat, then when you know like this, then it can be simple, then life is very.  Simple is not easy, but learn the formulas of that simplicity, then you will be able to do it, even then it will not be easy, nothing is ever easy, so join, like, subscribe, thank you very much.