Hello friends, what has Duggal Saheb become today or this is what Duggal Saheb has become today, this will be a very good video, the youth will learn a lot who want to do something other than trolling in life, this is the meme behind it, okay and the history behind it. Let me tell you a little, there was a picture, Mujhse Shaadi Karogi Karge, in which Salman Khan was the hero, there was a character in it, Qadir Khan's Obi Dukal, he used to become something different every day and it was written on the outside, Aaj Duggal.  Sir, it has become like anybody and everybody likes me, who does different things, then it is written as Duggal Saheb, today Duggal Saheb, it has become okay, so because I do a lot of stuff, you people follow me. Okay, so today I want to tell the youth and you people and the subscribers that you too have to become Duggal Saheb and Bhai Duggal Saheb.  This is a very good example to follow. I am not saying it exactly according to that movie, I am saying this with the help of this example that why there is benefit in doing different things, you will be able to do any one task, stagnation is bound to come in it, you are bound to master it.  It has to be ripe, it has to be boring, it has to happen, if you can do two instead of one, four instead of two, if you wake up someday, today brother, you hold real estate, not marriage today, not astrology today.  Politics Politics is always good. What will you do today in the stock market? Seven days in a week, seven things have been done, one thing has changed in a month, sometimes you have done something, sometimes you have done a lot. It keeps your productivity high. It always takes you towards interesting things.  It's because you can hold on to any one thing, you have got hold of a government job, you are ripe, in 10 years you have got hold of a corporate job, you are ripe, isn't Duggal in this new age economy? Sir, only you will do better because that is what is sustainable, you can be in one thing at any time, you started doing that work and got stagnant while doing it, there is no growth, what to do now, you were commenting a lot on becoming another man's Duggal Saheb. Duggal sir, before you speak, there was another Leonardo da Vinci, he used to do a lot of work in different ways, so no one teased him like this by clarifying Duggal, okay?  So brothers and sisters, before teasing someone, learn something from him. Do you want to become Duggal Saheb? Take membership of the channel. We will make you Duggal Saheb. I will make you Duggal Saheb. You can become a consultant in real estate, astrology, marital, relationship, job. I am doing a workshop on interviewing in Lincoln profile on Sunday on how to manage job and its if you want details.  Brothers and sisters, if you want to become part one of Duggal Saheb, if you want to do something, then there will be a workshop on my whatsapp2. Listen, you will understand and what exactly will be covered in it. There will be three two-hour workshops in the workshop. Queries will also be taken. It will be an interesting workshop. Come, learn and grow. Nothing is achieved by trolling, not just one youtube2 youtube3 youtube4, I have five channels, I am doing something, right, I don't leave even the small ones, I don't leave even the big ones.  There are different subscribers, there are different audiences, so come and learn, what is the need of getting irritated, I repeatedly tell people that if you want to compete in life, then don't compete with anyone, don't do like us, you don't even know how to compete.  If so, then do it with your sister-in-law's husband, who is your brother-in- law, do it with your brother-in-law, do it with your brother-in-law, do it with your brother, do it with your sister's husband, do it with the person with whom you want to do it, only then you should do it.  It will be fun, in order to move ahead, why should we do this to people like us or even those who are bigger than us? And in reality, ideally, if you should do it to someone, then you should do it to yourself, that who you were yesterday and who you are today.  Have you become better than you were a month ago? Are you better than you are today? Have your value adding skills increased or are you a one trick pony? It is better to be a Duggal Sahab than a one trick.  Pony Most of all you are one trick Pony Now see what happens, what is the benefit of creator's pass, we have the platform, we have the platform, the subscriber who is loyal enjoys it but the trolls who come and like it are so good.  There will be comments, but before writing on this, the soul will burn from within, because those who find pleasure in strange things, those who come and troll the troll themselves, cause pain to people. No man is one how, learn it, there is only one pattern, everything is linked, once I tell you the secret, listen carefully children, all you are listening to, 18, 20, 22, 24, 25 year olds, the education system we do.  I am not going to tell you its secret and the video is not going to be very long and sharing it will be beneficial for the people too and for those who are a little older listening then please share it too. This is the education system, isn't it?  If we know what it is for then you can become Duggal Saheb and what is it that the education system basically teaches us that we learn how to do what we do and sit by rote knowledge that Akbar died in 1605  His father was Humayun, this is integration, this is coordinate geometry, this is cus theta sine theta, this is memorized, this is done in the exam, no, no, no, any How to approach a new subject, how to learn it, how to remember it and how to use it in life, this is the main purpose of the education system, which unfortunately nobody teaches, the teachers themselves don't teach because if they knew then maybe  They are not teachers at all, this is also a bitter truth, those who do not know do not know because you should know how to use the education system, how can we learn. Then what to learn can be decided later. You should know how to learn. Once you know how to learn, then like us, you are doing all kinds of work in everything from flying ships to astrology. Brothers and sisters, ask me anything, if you want to do science, do it.  You have to listen to stories, tell stories, do this because we can learn anything quickly, you do not need to become a chartered accountant in 15 days, you can learn 100% 80 things in 15 days. Can be learned and when you learn everything on 7080, you will become Duggal Saheb and the same is required, you do not have to go and fill the balance sheet of the company, you should know how to fill some of your returns, you should know how to calculate your HRA. How to avail benefits, how to avail Section 24, what can be done in home loan, what is capital gain, there are some 15, 20, 25 things which are useful for you in every domain.  You should know about different things in health, like one simple knowledge, I want to share with you, health management and Medicare is a different thing, we feel that doctors make us healthy, doctors do not make us healthy, they are ours.  We do medical care, what makes us healthy, what keeps our mind cool, keeps us relaxed, I am your health care guy, I can give you cool and cold and something has gone wrong for you, something has gone wrong.  If you have already failed like us, then you go to the doctor of Medicare people, then the day I explained the difference between two things so easily, now it will be difficult to get into trouble, if it goes according to logic, then good things have to be learned.  If you want to learn useful things, if you want to do well then you will find Webinar Info Group in the comment section, you can join it. About what is going to happen in the job workshop which is happening on Sunday.  In to learn you to learn you n