Hello friends, this is going to be a very good topic, government employees can also watch it and those who are preparing for government jobs can also watch it and those who are preparing for government jobs and those in the coaching industry can also watch it and can troll.  I will cover 7 reasons why you should not join a government job at all. There will be no better video on government jobs than this. In this video I will not talk about private jobs. You know I do not talk about this.  Announcement is the launch of my job series on this channel and you will see the best videos, you will get full clarity, the youth are listening to whatever you are seeing, you see, watch till the end, give 25-30 minutes of life, do seven preparations and get the job.  Even if it takes 35 years, if you have to do it for so many years then brother, you have to give it 25-30 minutes with seriousness, then whatever is your opinion, please give it to me at the end for the sake of parents.  This video is very important for parents too, they have to take decisions, so it is important for them to also talk about the things that I will tell you about the job, we will talk about the government job, the second power is the power of stability, the second power is the power of prestige, the third is the promotion of salary.  Fourth and fifth we will talk about work life balance. Sixth we will talk about public perception and seventh will be about debt and alcohol. Today in 2023, getting into a government job is a curse. I will tell you why it is because now whatever job is available, do it.  If he has to do till 25560, then why is there alcohol, you should not go at all, you don't even have to fill the exam, but still there is one person who will go, I will tell you in the end which one, you should not go at all and who can go, still this  With listening, it will be clear, you can tell in the debate, what are these projects, if you want to give solution, then you are my audience, there can be two types, one above this level, one above this level, I am from social economic status.  If I am talking about, then according to that you will get the solution and you will get complete clarity, then first of all, if you get a government job, father, mother, world brother, then life is set, you have heard the dialogue, 'Hey, you will get married, you will get married to the market too.  I will touch, okay, hey, brother, government job is stable, it is sure that you have become a government son-in-law, this is the biggest curse you hear, Han ji, the job in government is stable, only this one is stable, the rest are some table jobs, yours are stable, remember this. [Music] Except Indian Information Survey or Indian Economics Service or some two or four such services which are permanent and do not rotate and stay at one place, 199% of my government jobs are in the state government, whichever center I belong to, no matter how many railways you want.  You know, in the 30-35 years of traveling in Beltran, you go from here to there to here to here, there is no stability, there is no stability, but when a person is holding a job and there is job discrimination.  So wife, marriage, children, stability, who knows what will happen in 35-40 years, but you are entering, you have to remember this and that, due to lack of stability, your relationships are not formed, networking is not done, money is not added to your children again and again.  Earlier, admission would have been standard in your Kendriya Vidyalaya Navodaya Vidyalaya, 30-40 years ago children would have become everyone's students studying there, today you know education will not be like this, your wife will have two-four punch stations separately.  She goes along with him for posting and after that Boriya does not lift the bed. At the age of 35-40, when the touch happens and the children grow up and she takes a station, a place, a location, a city and then you spend your lonely life as much as you do today.  These days, I feel like a government servant. 42 to 45 years old, tell me the taste of midlife crisis. Is it happening or not? Your house is settled at minimum, two or three or four places, one child here, one child there.  A child there, is it worth it? Those who are holding jobs and giving exams to join the government, please do some government job. There are nine government servants in every family and family. You just have to ask those who are 15 years or 20 years older.  Brother, tell me, what Swadhar do you have? This is not the stability of life. Without stability of life, you cannot be happy in life. The second thing is that your job is secure, so the employee below you is also secure and you are less than him.  You are understanding what to do, when they hold the head, right, when lower staff comes, lower staff, this work culture is also coming within this, it is Persian from lost staff, not up, you are D mark, you cannot do anything for them because like you are stable.  By taking it, he is stable, all the senior officers keep the good staff with themselves and give their head to the junior officers like this, they remain strong, this is also a matter of pain, but I have something to do with the donkeys every day. words like this to him  I will do that as a poet, I will not use a little exaggeration or embellishment, but to understand, he has to do something. If someone is feeling pain, then it is to give a message, there is too much pain in it, don't say like this, you have done it to everyone, next comes. Yes, this is the power of prestige. This power of prestige is such that in 1947, our Princely State had the power of prestige. It is okay, Rajababu type, all of which went away, but before they knew, Indira Gandhi. When I fell in love with my lover after 22, 23, 24 years, I came to know that he has nothing in this tour, no power and prestige, but he is full of arrogance because there is time to find out, the market does not know yet.  Well, those who are government servants know that both power and prestige have different sorrows. Power has been given to each of them and when it comes to prestige, prestige is like Bauji's Indian family today.  Is it inside or has the Indian breath? There is no prestige and respect for government employees. There is no prestige. No big love. People call the government employees who drive on the roads as government. People in the government have problems in everything. There are potholes, pollution, corruption. This is it. Government job is very good, there should be something good in the government, I am telling the public's opinion, the duplicity of the public is fine, nothing good happens in the public opocracy, but the government jobs are the best, we will stand in line so that we too have to go here.  So that the rest of the people can shun us, if you see then the true hypocrisy is not prestige, it is newsons and the nuisance is changing drastically which is the political dispensation dispensation in India today and for many years and may last for many years or you can see.  Where is the low transit? Digitization of everything; Increasing transparency; I am telling you a little about the passport office that I recently learned about what has become great for renewal.  There is a difference of night and day between the experience of the first time and this time, gradually the whole thing has become so smooth, isn't it? Today you are feeling that the government servants are changing the brothers, you become this IAS, become this, that's why I am saying.  I am at the top because the rest are at the bottom, so let the people at the bottom take me to the bottom. Hey, the country changes. Politicians and businessmen set the agenda, whether someone likes it or someone else feels bad, this is the truth brother, when you are because when I am telling you, is it? I am demotivating you that you are preparing so much, when you come fasoge here, you will know this first, go and cross check these things with those who are engaged, because the tuition takers, the coaching staff and father, mother and father did not tell you.  Mother said, son, our respect will increase in the society, don't increase it, I am telling you not to increase it, because when those relatives come, they will give less, rather than recommending brother, get this done for us, get that done, that will not happen and then. That's how it all happens in three to four years. Now let's start with the salary. The next thing is that the power is going to be very less and in the next 5 to 7 years people will not see anything. Question paper.  What I am talking about today will be out. Through this video, your people's curiosity will be aroused, you will share it and it will also reach the government people and with folded hands, I request the government people that I myself, if you can write something. Write in the comment section because it coming from your mouth will add more weightage also ki han bhai ye aisa hai apni jeevan itna savour, don't just do it but don't do it so much, the next thing is the starting salary of a government employee is very good if  Fourth kind of qualification especially in lower post means peon, if you get it then it means that ₹ 21000 is basic, you will get defeat, you will get so and so threat.  It goes up to 40-45-50, okay, if you compare it in private, now I am not doing any comparison with private, I will make a separate video for private, I will definitely make verses in this, it will become a lot of khichdi, I am completely on government.  I am telling you if it is okay then Sarkar, I am saying this, it is like this, it is like this, gradually when the series will run straight, like an episode, like Netflix, clarity will start emerging on its own, very good.  If it is a promise to you that it will be done properly then the salary is there in the beginning but as you get to a senior position, the less your responsibility increases, brother, it is nothing, these days the government is a luxury, there is leave, there is road brother.  Come and see, ask, this woman has kept the mill grinding, whatever it is, everyone has made the system so tight, there will be inspection on Saturday also, the minister will come, this will come, this feedback, managing public perception has also reduced.  You are everywhere because you say that neither the officers nor the sales in the government are you, the operations are also there, everything is yours and along with it is your public dealing which is the most dangerous thing because the public code dies and creates ruckus.  And it is insulting that if you reach the VP level in a multinational company, then no one can reach your office, if this phone is bad, then he is a VP, tell me the meaning, he can answer me, but with senior officials in the government.  Even the crowd gathered can become conscious and you have to deal with it. And it's the lesser or Charter of Duties. You just run away from the public. From here, you can become an officer as per your wish. The public can come to you at any time and do anything to you.  Pension can also be there, earlier there was old public pension system, it ended, NPS came but politics is getting too much, salary is 3% increment, donkey is horse, donkey is horse, I will tell that also to the horse.  The starting salary is good but if you look at it, now government teachers cannot do anything else or like I take consultation or do destruction. How many government teachers are there who want to do private tuition, do it secretly, do not do it as per the rules.  You are not allowed, you cannot do much because you are in the government, you cannot do anything else according to the rules and regulations, you have surrendered everything, you are not someone who can study two tuitions and then do it there.  I will reduce it there in the evening, I will do the economy, I will do that, I can't do anything, you will take part in the opportunity cost that the coming time and the Indian economy will offer you, which is a journey from three trillion to fight trillion and then train trillion dollars. 8th pay commission is not allowed to come to these three-four persons, it will increase, there will be issue of inflation and now by 2025 onwards government employees will start lagging far behind in money when the rest  Booster dose will be given in Navami because of opportunity cost only. People who live in big cities have to roam around in small towns all their life. It is a subject of pain which comes to mind as soon as a class comes to the top. I will tell you well about the pain of samjhaunga. To whom. Shouldn't go Shouldn't go Do n't sound a little classist because I will clearly tell you what is happening going forward, you have done a good job in promotion, a lot of promotions are time bound and time.  According to this, this is what you will become in 13 years, which donkey and horse you will become in 17. Donkeys also come in government jobs, I have not told anyone to show inferiority among horses, I am the donkey at all, do n't consider him a donkey, I am a relative, he is not very creative sir, Ghisu  Master, the horse is like this, the date has burst, Haj is creative and all is less in itself, horses come less, donkeys come more, I am not classifying it as an insult. Both of them come into the government. In the government, if both are converted into mules, then the donkey gets upgraded because the mule will be upgraded and the horse gets demoted because it was a horse, so if it is made equal then you will no longer be in the government.  The best thing is that any officer can reduce anyone, he can be adjusted anywhere, anyone can do anything because by converting a donkey into a horse, it has been transformed into a mule by doing this, now when the mule goes up, he gets promotion.  Very  It seems good that the one who came from a donkey and the one who came from a horse, every time he gets bloodied, he starts having problems after 10 to 15 years. The horse who was the original horse will either call himself a donkey or a mule.  But will he be satisfied or will he get distracted and leave, this is also one thing, so you also have to decide, you are a donkey or a horse, you are preparing and keep it in your heart that brother, I do not understand, I do not understand stability.  I mean I can't do it here and there in creativity, I can do the syllabus once in a while and after that I absolutely like it, I do n't have any problem in doing it, so please it is fine for you but it is a matter of pain for a lot of people.  Increment has to be given in person, do less good, do bad, do something useless, do something, when you get promotion, 13 years, 17 years, these are different stages, there is an extra increment somewhere in your salary, when 15% 20% 30% You will never see anything like this in your life and in the coming life, there will be no commission on 8%, he will cross your da by applying ratio formula from the card and merge da, basically the same.  If the numbers are looking good today then they will not be right in the future. Now I go to work life balance. Work life balance is very bad. How is there a place where one should have fun not just work? Life is not good but the place is. Life is such that many government employees are trapped in such situations because you are stuck at some place with your family members, you are placed somewhere in such a way that the work is so exhausting and less stressful that postings are given even after 8 months.  There are so many postings that you don't understand what to do, go there and join now, start reducing, then posting again, posting again because the orders will come from above, okay, you have to see this in the order, it is shown like this in the movie. Singham style and no one harasses like that but it is a simple thing, there is pressure to do something or the other, he does political work, he has become very active, the government employee cannot reduce his wrong because there are courts, there are commissions, there are rules, because his job will reduce his wrong if he does something.  If he will go to a very low level then he will not be able to appeal to many people and then from there he will get posted, so what is the choice, that is, either he should leave the job or go to jail or he should get posted, that is, it is big and in between.  People who become spineless, their lives also have to be given a lot of relief. As soon as the politician checks the dispensation and changes it or someone complains from below, it also falls for them. This stress is too much. I want to tell you one thing today.  This can become a subject of huge research. Is there alcohol in India? People who drink alcohol are in private jobs and others drink more. Government people drink more. Some people have a direct relation with alcohol. At one stage, people are drinking a lot of alcohol.  A 27 year old is drinking a 26 year old, but as a person in his 30-40s, he is in the government, getting to know many people like me, getting to know each other and sitting, why is he stressed because his parents are retired, they are in a different city, the future of the children is not known.  It is going on, the wife is living separately, I do n't know about my promotion, the money is not enough, the solution is not enough, then due to pressure from all these things, take it out of greed or compulsion or whatever it takes. That happens and that too is not possible because its risk reward ratio has also become very strange, meaning the rate of getting caught is the rate of the system because many people are openly telling you because I am telling you that I go to the public perception next.  The sixth one is my point, public perception is very bad, government employees, you must tell yourself, ask someone, write in the comment section yourself, where are you getting respect, whether the government employees are sitting among them or not.  The government was being reduced, once you give an order, you have to go here, the sun will set here, you have to stand here, live or die, no matter what happens, and this is also a subject of my pain, many governments and jobs are such that there is less risk of dying, which means you will be killed, which means like this.  Do you know what are the government jobs in which you can go, job in line of duty, these people also get scared of dying unfortunately, which is very good because their training is less, but they also  There is a rate in leaving the job, after one stage or after one stage, there is a need to give up the leave, one after the other, in many places the retirement disease is less here, they also have a rate, on top of that, the debt with NPS, this thing should already be reduced, it is okay. You must have seen the government everywhere now that scheme of Magni Veer, it will come within 4 years, the government cannot do this balloon and the government means the budget which can increase so much of their pension salary, how good does it have in the government. Whatever little intelligent thing is being done in the government, everything is being outsourced to the private sector, they are getting any project, consultants are coming in, there is no shortage of famine, the only thing is that to sit on one seat, an employee is needed, who sometimes  Whatever happens, an election is such a thing that the entire government is doing it on its own, but it is very required, it is okay that the whole system is shaken, somewhere technology has to be brought, somewhere you have to bring Aadhaar, somewhere you have to do it.  Your own TCS Infosys is doing the same and the outside ones are also doing consultancy. On many production projects, the consultants come from outside and they take their money in full. You know, they also do the rest of the lateral placements.  The one who has reached the level and then brings him to the level, then here they say that wherever the famine is going to be reduced, the lateral policeman will take him directly, they will also make him georgette or if they make someone higher, then This is skin, no, government people will tell no, public perception is very, very bad, now why is this a career and what is it, is it a curse and why is there alcohol, I will tell that. Last time I had said that if you go into a government job, then there is no alcohol, you see this. Many marriages in a government job are not based on his actual public status, but on his actual salary, which will be Rs 30-408-70, and not on his ability to earn under the table.  Is this true or not? You tell me in the society and now when she gets married then the government employee knows that my bride has come, she has come under my table, she has come from ability and you have given her the same. It will depend on ability otherwise it will not remain, this is also a fact, now it is becoming a subject of pain because it is giving him pain in the heart, there is stress in people's actual, money desires, wrong adjustment of knowledge means this. because now you  You have become interested in that thing, doesn't it mean that you are a group C, you are a group, and you are carrying a phone and an iPhone, if you walk in a car, then everyone knows what is happening in weddings. If you go, it is okay, you are CN, you, I, take an example from one.  If I am an exchange, then it will still be a senior position and down below, go to level A, go to level A, go to A, go to A, show off where the money is coming from, because you can do it anywhere else, if you are caught then do it in consumption.  If you can then there is also a liquor in the consumption. Look at their health because it is going on in your stomach. What will you do? Some have given, some have taken, some have taken, some have gone. All of them are decreasing. This is not a good.  They are live training, because you get stuck, you get stuck, you can't do any less, fan, you become a diamond here, if you can't become then this mess is less and this mess is also less tight.  are  It is wrong to do this anyway, by doing this your health will be spoiled, your soul will be spoiled, your karma will be spoiled, the public is in trouble anyway, everyone knows what else is the duty of the public that it should not be reduced. Those who like it, they feel that they don't know what a great thing is not a small thing, I tell it with a classic example and here this is the advice of Geeta, it is not good to get attached and it is not good to be detached, most of the government employees know this advice of Geeta practically by giving an example.  Let me tell you, he is a big officer from Haryana. If you write his name, tell me. If you can understand, he has many postings. There are many postings. Every three-four months, he goes on Twitter. Twitter and everyone else also do it.  He is a senior officer, I think he must have served for 3032 years. Leave alone any government. If there is a change of government in five years, there have been six government changes during his time. In different political parties, some may not mean him, some may mean him.  I don't like it because it is publicly known that brother, you are not suitable for a job, you are being harassed so much, you are so good, so why are you not getting a job, you can't do anything less, why can't you give an example?  I am not looking down on them but I am giving the examples of other people, that is, they have come from very big educational institutions which are top in India, you know that is the institute of technology, they have the qualifications there, why don't they go and do startups, why don't they do this? Because many times what does it mean, why does it mean what is the rate, because many people have started using this word Startup India, Makeup India, This India, this India, all these words have come later, sometimes government employees have started working while in the government because there they have started getting a taste for this thing. Do youth want to come for this thing  He wants to come to commit corruption. He wants to come to mortgage his soul. What is this method, what is the meaning of this, which is the power of prestige among the four? Power is some, not some system, it will be done like this, you will not be able to steal ₹2 today. Whoever wants to come for theft after seven to eight years, tell me this, it must have happened earlier, the country has changed, after doing that, now they have three, four, five or seven years of service, they will go to their homes but  If you are joining considering this  That in the next 30-35 years, I will give you such a beautiful example as an example, you will understand that you have to join, it is okay not to do so, you think about it, there is a camp for government employees, there is a relief camp, there is a relief camp.  It is true that something has happened and anything has happened somewhere and there are thousands of people there. He is like a cook who prepares food. A government employee has nothing to do with quality. He has to feed people with quantity. Is this any less good? What is the need of such people, what is the need of a government employee and if you are a chef with five star rating in the mission, the foodies who have come to the mix will know what they are, five star people means you are the chef of big fine dining in big hotels, then brother, if you  This will be given less and if you are like that then you will grow up. It is better to remember this, so today you release what is your status because there are few people here, here you will not get such clapping, that boy very tasty food.  fed  Because the cook here knows only three spices, this one from the government, the example that I am giving is one called chilli, one turmeric, just here, what would be tasty in different languages, not the first one is fed up, here I am the food, so this is its example.  Do it and tell me that first there will be a tank test, then the pilot here, then the brother here is like this, he has the capacity to make food worth Rs. 7-80000, so we are here to make bread like this, we have to make bread like this, bhatakhat cracked.  Fat, raw, raw, raw men are standing there, there is so much stress and pressure, and the guy is standing like this with lungi and vest, he is sweating, doing something, this is a government employee, it can be setup, but this one's passion is less, clapping will not happen like this. By doing the same job, Master Dinanath Chauhan, this will reduce your meaning, your stage will be such that son, your father has earned a lot of respect, he has not earned the respect, if you want to see it then you have to see where to come. If you are from a poor family, you come from a low level, then it is better to be from a lower level. Now it is bad for the public, so take a level, if you are poor, then brother, then a government employee, a government job is very good for you, because only what kind of government job is it?  If the rickshaw puller's son becomes an officer, if the rickshaw puller's son becomes a group wife, if he becomes anything, it would directly take him up in the society, then it is very good for him, but your father himself has been an officer for 30 years, it is okay, now you are a.  When you go to work, you yourself will not get a great feeling. You have a father and a son who has also become an officer. If the father is rich, middle class or businessman or has less money then there will be no sense of achievement. If you are below this level then from today you will be 5. I am predicting after a year, this trend is already happening, only people below this level are coming and those who are leaving from this level, who were very intelligent, English speaking, threatened in their life, will give. Meet this people and the same point of time, these people will be over their heads being boss, nine these tadpenges will torment you throughout your life, this is how flying Punjab will keep happening, it will be like this on the ear, these people will continue to be like this, now you see yours What is the family, what is the background, if your family is earning more than 8-10 lakh salary, lives in a decent city, i.e. tier five tier six town village and level it.  But it's not okay, if you are tired then please try the award, you are less, look at the government job, here I am not talking about Group D, Group C job, it is absolutely desperate, D has returned down, that and that job.  In any case, Group B and Group A jobs, which are considered to be very precious jobs, are also losing their taste and this will happen very fast. No one will explain this thing, everyone will say that there is no personal growth, there is no government growth.  inside the job  There is no time to get actual, there is no time to be intelligent, you have no brain juice, you take left government job, left right, you keep moving around in this world and you have done a five day course somewhere, you have done it in dimension, it does not increase your value.  You people know, the government people also know and all the government people who take 2 years of study leave, how many Einsteins are made in it and why do they take it, they also know that it is okay for daughter's marriage, daughter 's marriage for building a house.  It is okay to take it, you also know that 1999% of the people who take it do not think that by doing this I will make them in the government and the government itself made the video to demotivate people from government jobs and not to do it that they will sacrifice their lives.  You are living and the amount of fun you have created is not so much that all the clippings of yours keep coming, Azim O Shaan Shahenshah, you should also watch that second clipping when what does the judge say, he is doing DC to SP and him and that.  New York Melody Melody No, it's not like this, brother, look at both sides or Azim Shan Shahenshah wala, this is more true, this is more true, the horses are the ones that seem to be the most, no, it is not such a bed of roses, no, someone will have to do it, someone, someone else  So let's see whether you are the one who has to do it, someone has to do it, there are many people who do it, but you see whether you have the sensitivity, can you shake it, because of so much stress, one thing is clear, it is kind of stress.  Which is there in this government job today likely it is like you increase only it is not worth of money with you are getting and know everyone and everybody has there knows it very well so thoughts same this corruption and park purpose privileges ki bata to its  His car came, I did n't get the car, this one didn't get it, you remain the same people, he has a good car, his printer is good. Gave him a good laptop, he got a phone, he got a good house, the quality of the houses, government employees are very very bad in 90% of the cases for people who come from decent family background in terms of monetary because using this word decent and decent again  Bikma, I am telling you about the money supply. If your father's house has Jaguar taps and fittings, then you will find such houses which are not found here, if you open their windows.  If it is there then it is not closed and if it is closed then it is not opened, it is like this, but it is a very good thing for the man who came from a poor family and he was living in a hut, he did not even have a house, at least there is a house here.  It is a big house, its paint is coming off, there is a wedding, grass is growing at the back, the surroundings are not getting that good because even to keep it good, you will have to misuse your privileges because somewhere there is no one to keep the government houses very good. Daily basis monthly basis  You are supposed to spend money from your pocket, you keep your previous government servant, you are suspended at samsingority, you also know the thing, it is not like this that people are for forwarding, that car is also your fight or quarrel.  You got the desire, this one got the suit, this one got the Ciaz, you will remain a maximum person of Ciaz level if in your life  I only have dreams of a car up to Ciaz, okay then please come, if you are thinking so much then because the whole fight will be about these small rupees, he got a good laptop, he got a good connection, I, he got a good clean, I got a good staff.  Look at the pod you found, politics is everywhere, be it a private job or workplace, politics and stress are there, but here there is a lot of pressure from the additional public too. Sir, anywhere there is a public interface, there is a lot of pressure and even where it is not there, it is there today.  on the day you  See, one of the most wrong things in the government, which I feel is happening within the employees and in the organizations is that they are very mean to the politicians and will show that the road has been built. Am I a lizard? Government people are starting to do this.  Now if you look at their Twitter handles, look at Facebook, this is the low level of public perception, it seems to me that after seeing these handles and all this, it seems that they also have to contest the elections, you do your work quietly and  Keep changing departments and keep moving, you are showing yours to whom, it has become a survival mechanism that tomorrow somewhere the workers will say something, they will say this because this is not right, this is winter, I am telling and this Raita is bound to spread now workers.  They will stand by you and make you reduce, if you don't reduce then you will be posted and if you reduce then you will not get reduced directly, 80% and success of not reducing directly will be paid, if you do then there will be some survivability for a few more days, people will stay there.  But if you do it, then someone or the other below you will give up your company, the one below you on whom you are becoming more of a hero will think that this one is doing less and then she will go somewhere else, then what will you do, neither your attention nor your aad nor Patap's anything.  There is no government job here and you are saying that you are spreading negativity, I am only saying that the government employee who has a lot of freedom outside, when I will tell you about private jobs and his struggle is there too, this series will be covered gradually.  please like  Do this thing with the opener that came first, I hope people will take it pragmatically, you have to see what you are, brother, are you a horse or a donkey, I would say to the horses, don't come at all and I will also tell the donkeys that after a day you will  This too will be pained by a society of that era and your parents who are listening to you again and again look at my level and I don't want to tell that because I need to become controversial again, what are you doing? Classes are being made but I am saying brother, it can just be done to all these jobs because all these jobs will become sour and become irrelevant like they are being made in etc., they do not even come in the top ten jobs, government jobs in India.  There will be a stage like this in India also, there is a stage when girls will not marry government servants because they cannot do the job themselves, he keeps doing the land, he is not the one who has given the job to the government, you are at home because he does not have time, he has to do the work.  Because if there is no stability then why would a lady stay away from her husband? If the child is staying away from the father during adolescence, it is not a good thing. Your boy and the girl are 13 14 15 16 17 18 years old and father is missing just check I want my  Check the audience among your relatives, take your vote, write in the comment section brother, all the government employees aged between 42 to 50 years are of different types.  How many such percentages are living with their families? You see, especially those who have traveling jobs, which is already 89%. The madams who do not roam around, they say, Maggie, I have studied in school, I am teaching the children, you are studying.  Go again and again because the admission fee is two-two-three-three lakh rupees. These days, admission is given in the school every two-two years, one and a half year, six months in one year. Who can call a government official and give two rupees?  If you have children then you will do well. You are given a team in a school. So come brother, go from here to the room. In the first 5-6 years, you definitely have an advantage, but after that everything is a disadvantage. This is the message and you will not be left out, even the big ones.  I have not given you an example, younger brother, you will keep on scolding me, it is not good for me and my whole life will be spent in your posting, all the sycophancy and all this will you also reduce it now, right?  Jugaad fit here, fit there, that only posting means after 1 inch, 50% of the effort and energy of the government employee is going into managing his posting, protecting, fitting the jugad. This is a very bitter truth that the top people in the government. Only then they also know what is happening, how much less to take, where to take, they know that in the very big and good projects, government employees of Fortis are not kept and there is no juice.  Young people are kept, those who are inside the government, they know that today I wanted to tell through this video, I have brought this inside story for you people and inside, sorry, I am also talking about everything else.  I will bring it and it is not that any one relative is mine or Ghanishtham is a relative, if there is anyone else, then it is just him, friend, you tell it, it is a big consultation experience pain because you know, I am the rest of my second Cybo Live Sutra channel also.  Hai and I am Assam, you people must have subscribed to that channel because the subscribers from there are also coming here. If it is a big channel, it has 2 lakh plus viewers, then please go and watch it. Okay, so I will do mini things.  So this issue of pain is too much, I would recommend a government job, if you have a good status and are financially ready then give it to the people at a different level, it will be good for them as well as the country.  It would be good because that one person there will get the benefit of his family by taking a government job. It is a completely selfish team. You will get upliftment in social status and all the things will not be of any benefit to you. If your father becomes a government servant, then which one should I do?  If the arrow is shot then you will give it many more opportunities to play and the government will also go to all the four. I am telling you this as this bait will come out and the grain of reservation will be raised. You know that reservation cannot be ended by political suicide.  Yes, but how can it be made irrelevant that brother, if one has to become a government employee, then what will be the meaning of reservation, if today a government employee is the biggest advertisement of every job or every professor who is doing that job.  That happens, you test me today, this same thing happens with everyone, you too are above 40 years or those who have completed 15 years, 20 years of service, around 45 years, ask him if he is happy with the government job and he will say happy.  And if you get three or four such punches, then tell me, how much force should you apply, you will not find punch men, those doing government jobs are happy, look at them, everyone is happy in the honeymoon period, those who are in the first four-five-six years.  There is excitement in it, we have become something, we have power, then gradually we come to know that you are power and what is it actually, what is the game, then service above 15 years or people above 40 years of age. Talk to 5-10 people and check if you get even one or two, then there is no need to eat all the rice, you also have to talk to a ₹ 50 lakh employee, it is two crores, you have to talk to him, you can know even after eating a little.  You can do it whether it is your birthday or not, if you have 15 20 25 people who are government employees and not even one is happy and is not very happy because everyone has been cut off and does not leave, I call this miss a government job riding a tiger.  That is to ride the tiger, till the time the ride is going on, it is fun, but when you get down, you know that it will eat you, it will not even come down and I will and one thing is the only thing, you can associate all the government employees, you can share a zoo. Like, have you seen the lion of R, okay, the private ones, don't be too happy, here a video will be made of the private ones too, the private ones are the lions of the circus, okay, have you ever seen the lion of code there, you get happiness, you get food three times a day, you have to eat, you have to have stability.  He is completely satisfied, I have given him his own area, there is complete stability in Zoom, it is fine and he will definitely get food, he will not die of hunger, but you should look at him carefully, if he also has any parameter of happiness or is it visible because no one has said that he is a lion in the jungle.  Look, what is the lion of the jungle, if I tell you, then Siri will remain, if I get stability, brother, then you keep telling, woman, I will get food three times a day, he can share, now I am very happy and then all the public will come and see me, only the public will come.  isn't it in the room  She looks at the head like this and takes a photo of the lion. It looks like I too had a time when there was a push around me, now Chotu Baby has also come and the photo is taken in the front. Okay, so I am not making fun at all, it is a matter of pain.  I think I am only giving clarity because I am helping you people in informed decision making. This is my biggest video till date. Till now I had not crossed so much time but my request is that in the beginning I  I told you that brother, you have to prepare for so many years, the job decision is not easy, how many more years do you prepare and you don't have much choice like this, and in government jobs, people say, if you try and get it then I am here.  I am telling you not to try because if it hits you, it will kill you, otherwise it will not come off, otherwise the wife is clear that you should not go to this place, it will save you the energy and clarity that will come to you, which will take you forward in life, please.  If you stay engaged in the series, if you get some good reaction, then the series will become longer, because it is like that, isn't it, that Brahmastra? If the first one likes a little bit, the first one will also say, what are you doing, this one is doing such nonsense, it is not government, it is very sexy. Here, put your hand on the government people and tell your genuineness, you tell this much forcefully for your countrymen, rest and it was very good times and this, we are not talking about that, our decision making is taking place. 6th of 2004 8th of 11th of 2012 I am not having fun, I have to go on time, I have to come on time, I have to do even less, I have to do even more, and everything has to be done, and order, you government, now what is there in a government servant, it was earlier than today.  20 years ago the world was a government servant, there was a lot of information on government in it, now what is a servant, beneficial, now in the future, government servant has become like this and the word servant has become more and this is another. Transaction which is happening date is not a transition which is happening nobody will tell because it is dozen suit other big date is d region so because government jobs what is it happening population is not big only your population will be 70 crore to 140 crore in last 40 years and  If you check the government jobs, they have not doubled and are decreasing. If the population will double, it seems that it will be very pumpkin has three is very good but it is