Hello friends, listen to this video completely, if you are on this channel then that means you have curiosity, want to learn about astrology or just curiosity, I am preparing a very strong base for you, six to seven objections which are made whenever a person is interested in astrology.  One of your closest relatives or friends within the family is learning these things. These things should be discussed on social media or somewhere else because there are many astrology channels, all of them are in technical teas.  Let's go and teach, my teaching will also start, but right now I am preparing the land before sowing the crop like a farmer, so some of my initial videos will prepare that land so that you can get very excited and learn well, so what are the objections?  -What are the problems in doing astrology initially because there is a dog behind it? Dog is an English word. Okay, about astrology, the biggest problem in our astrology is this.  Unlike all other professions and professions, you know that there are thousands of likes and professions, here the profession and the professional have got mixed in such a way, that is, there are two things in astrology, one is an astrologer, astrology is a human being and one is whatever study it is.  Whatever study is done, if these two are mixed, then here if the astrologer is useless, he is a robber, he is coming, it is nonsense, of which there are many, then it has been spoiled by that.  An example of this is like there is a doctor who did not know how to put a needle, committed negligence and not out of complacency, did something wrong, then we keep that doctor separate from medical science, we say that medical science is its own thing, it is a very good thing.  Doctors are very good, there are good ones, there are average ones and some are bad too, so when we see bad doctors, we do not call them bad. Yes, this incidence is more in astrology, but I am telling you here.  I want that every person deserves the astrologer and she gets, this is also one but that word has come in it, now science, now we will say this is science, will you be told like this and there is a lot of argument on this, that report has come, one more hello friends, this is Dhruv.  Rathi he keeps making Sir Namaskar friends, this report has come, anyone can do this and post the report. It has said that our planets do not have any effect there and these people are saying like this, you too will be told a lot, so today I am telling you in the simplest way.  From  One who teaches, because when I teach, that Shahrukh's Jawan type dialogue, I feel like killing when I become an astrologer because I become many things, then it is okay, then the good ones will not be able to stand ahead, this is the only observation of this.  It is a simple thing, whenever you are told like this, this is science then know that the planet affects gm1 m2 up r s r is so high m1 is there you are, you should say yes, this is not science, yes this is  It is not science, yes, what is it? Then he said, it is the story of grandparents, it is the story of grandparents, it is like a game, in it they say elephant, they say camel, they say horse, so is it elephant, camel, horse, is there anything symbolic there?  He makes two and a half moves, which horse makes two and a half moves, the queen goes like this, which queen goes like this, in which game where the king makes only so many moves and the queen is playing the game, isn't it symbolic, all of you planet?  Consider it symbolic too. If you want to put some other name in place of these, I say call this Elephant, call this this, call this this, call this, this is a game, you have to play, so go today, when you will join me on this journey and  You will be connected for many days and watch all the videos, then you will understand what it is, but in the beginning, we get into this debate and this is such a huge knowledge that we have to even try to start learning it.  No, I am speaking knowledge, now tell this knowledge, tell it a story, tell it chess, tell it a game, say whatever you want to say, now there will be so much discussion and energy on this, learn it, no, you tell me one thing, if you do not know what glucose is.  You don't know what calories are, what joules are, you do n't know how that food is digested and where it goes, where it stores energy, but if you are doing exercise and your weight is getting better.  it is visible No, you are getting benefit, you don't know anything about what happens behind it. If you are hitting the setup then which app is made, how is the muscle made, what is this, what is that, do n't you know, no problem, not everyone knows.  So what will you do when you come to know, only when your headache is very severe then you take whatever medicine is related to it or do you first say that I will do research on this, how does science work, science is that.  There is some medicine prepared, someone told me  If you do this then you are the one who is facing problems in his life or is facing real problems and when there are no answers anywhere outside, people come to the astrologer last, no one comes first and like lawyers and doctors.  No one goes near with joy that the doctor has come today just like that to ask about your well-being. Similarly, no one comes to an astrologer. Here, you have become relaxed, now you don't have to argue with anyone, now no one will say anything.  You prove it, you prove it, tell me, this is my consultation fee, for proving it, you tell me, I will take some money for free, I will not tell you, but if you turn out to be wrong, then I will turn out to be wrong, even if I turn out to be wrong, the money is gone, I will not return it because this is deceit and curiosity.  So, what is happening inside you is to prove astrology wrong, to understand this thing, I do n't understand why this is actually happening to the people, what is the problem of the middle class people, especially the poor and the poor.  Amir, I will tell you in separate videos in the future, this is going to be a deep video, understand that these kind of things will come upon you and I am also telling you what answer you have to give, this is the answer that you have to calm down, you have to tell me.  I will take the money of people, I will prove that he is a human being or someone like this in Maharashtra, some astrologer will come and show his magic game, I will give this much one lakh one lakh in reward, 3 Hajj and brother whose ability to show the same earns in crores.  They are yours, they will not come in lakhs and there is no need to show anything. If everyone knows about something, then what will be the power? If everyone has that van, then it is a race among people. This is an enemy country. You are here, he has acquired some weapons, he has acquired a ship, he has acquired F16, he has taken Rafale, now brother, now this is here, now this is above, now if he takes something, then this one will not have its value, then if you want to take something else, then you  Do you know something? No one else knows about it. This is the power. So, not this. You tell me, you tell me, you tell me. Has any person heard you? You are a very good cook. We can cook food and tell you, it will not cost money, no, you can show yourself.  Tell me why but if your food doesn't taste good then tell me your money has been lost, that's why people come and say like this, you show me, prove it, why are you getting emotional, do you know anything, yes, say no, it is grandparents' food, yes.  all of you are [ __ ]  You make fools. Yes, yes, they make fools. Even grandparents used to make fools. They used to make fools by listening to stories about what fairies are. Some have seen ghosts. Some have seen those stories, but the child could fall asleep after listening to them. Nowadays. No one tells about the grandparents, but there was a time when someone might have heard it or someone might have heard that this is how those stories are told, were they in actual form, but that child used to fall asleep happily after listening to it, so that's it.  This is life, what is life, life is also a story, your story is your story, if someone takes it away then you are here, do you have a name, do you have a name, are your parents' names, is your family, are you born somewhere like this, tell your story in 100 words.  Even if one lives for 100 years, all stories are stories. You understand that these stories only make us sad, some stories make us happy. If you want happiness then come and learn to tell stories, learn to read, learn patterns, in the midst of science and wine.  Get involved in science. Those who want science, in which 12th class have you done arts? You are passing BA with difficulty, then you are doing science and after doing science, which one did you send to Chandrayaan and which one did Chandrayaan go there?  Look at what they have here, here, here, here, here and here. Go and see the real scientists who sent you, in whose name you are creating trouble on astrology, they are real scientists because they are real.  The definition of a scientist is that he is always curious and he is not ready to learn. This is science. Science progressed only when man did not accept that thing and kept curiosity and curiosity. When you stop that curiosity or not, this is what happens.  Can't be nonsense then you are not a scientist brother a good scientist will always be open lot of doctors are doing very nice in medical astrology when  If we go ahead, we will learn and what exactly is the benefit of astrology, I will tell in the end and you all have to answer the same. Next topic will come that people will trap you by telling you that there is destiny, isn't it destiny, everything is destiny, everything is destiny.  If there is some destiny then there is no need to work and if you do not work then nothing will happen then how can it be like this, if there is no need to do anything then destiny is destiny and freewill in itself is very wonderful and big.  This is a topic, this question is always asked. Separately, the preparation that I am doing for you, I was telling you that I am preparing the crop and preparing the land before sowing, so a video will be made on Freewill and Destiny, beyond that.  The answer will be given separately but this will also be asked to you, it is very common that if it is like this then it will happen like this, then some person should do something, it has to happen like this brother, we believe in ourselves, our hard work is due to human destiny.  fate and  There are many such dialogues, there will be clarity on that, that will be the next topic, many such things have started on the fourth day, tell me, this is not astrology, this is astrology, when will this war between Ukraine and Russia end, this when will Israel and Hamas end?  World Cup is about to be held, tell me who will win the World Cup and last time I saw they called so many people on TV, hey, I told you, these astrologers are playing the games of drunkards, astrologers are ill-mannered astrologers, so with this you have defamed astrology. Because they are like this, this is astrology, will India win the World Cup or not? They are telling the future of India, how are they telling the future of India? They gave birth to India on 15th August 1947. Was India there on 15th August? Born on 47th, he is a human being and a living entity. He was born before that and India did not exist. Then you are 15000 20 thousand years old, Sanatan Dharma, threatening so and so. What story do you tell?  Brother, there are a lot of astrologers, unfortunately there are a lot of them and this is because quite silently it is being taken advantage of and those people who say, brother, this is a dish, learn to make it, the kheer will be made like this, then do a taste and if it is tasty.  Even after learning a little, the teacher was an idiot, this dish was also useless, the recipe was also useless and all this is nonsense, do it in a minute, you are putting so much effort in discussing it. Put a little effort in learning and there will be a smile on your face and you will enjoy it, then you will not feel like getting into an argument with anyone. Yes, it doesn't work, friend, just leave it, why don't you do it, why do you keep coming again and again because from inside you feel that  There is something, he took advantage of it, he took advantage of it, why would you convince me, why do you have to do convention, why do you have to prove me by proving me, live your life, live your life, take consultation, but if there is no benefit, then if it does not work, then the money is lost, watch the picture. Aamir Khan 's last picture Lal Singh Chaddha was not a hit, people did not enjoy it, so the money was lost, now who will give? You went to eat somewhere.  You ordered a pizza somewhere, you ordered a mocktail somewhere, you drank juice, the money was wasted, who will guarantee that it will taste and someone takes away the taste from it, if someone doesn't like it, it is like this, only like the services.  You went somewhere and said, give me a haircut, he did not give a good haircut, next time don't go to him, go to a good one, then you have to relax, you are not getting anything, someone is saying that this is how any lawyer speaks or not.  I will win the case. The doctor tells you, no, your operation will definitely be successful. Brother, it may not happen, it may not happen, it may not happen, nothing can happen, then why would he give such a guarantee? The guarantee is only for one thing, everyone else will go away from this world.  someone is taking guarantee  So the one who is fooling you can be anyone and do astrologers fool? Yes, but doctors also fool, lawyers also fool, teachers also fool, professors also fool everyone, there are fools in every profession and so on.  You husband makes your wife, wife makes your husband, mother-in-law makes your daughter-in-law, your parents make your children, some make their girlfriend, some make their girlfriend's boyfriend. So all this is going on in the system, so let's go ahead, what is the biggest thing about the astrologer, one more thing is said by the astrologer that brother, if you know so much then why don't you become rich, you can predict the stock market yourself.  Make a match, you do that, make a prediction like this, why do n't you become rich, why don't you become rich, friend, tell me, why don't the professors who teach in IIT become rich, their students also become rich? Let's go, he became the CEO of Jaja, so and so became the package of 50 lakh 1.5 crores, this one got a package of this much from IT Kanpur, this one got a package of this much from some professor, have you read the package from the same professor, why is there no package from him?  The answer is brother, it is not that these things are predicted, these stock market are non-living things that are happening and what is the biggest problem in this, which is my sixth point which is the biggest problem and you have to make it a game of prediction.  It is said that if your future is predicted very well then you are living a very bad life. I am telling this also because if someone is a drunkard, it is okay, what is the point in predicting his life, brother, it does not work.  He keeps on drinking alcohol and destroys money in the house. If he will be destroyed then you can easily predict it. You do n't even need to become an astrologer. You don't need to look at any chart. His actions are visible. That is, the one whose life is very easy.  This is going to be predicted, then let me explain about free will and destiny. You will understand it in the best way. You have already told me about the past. Oh, then there is the future. Neither has God given you anything nor has God given you anything in your hands.  If you have given it to me, then he will explain the thing in the best way, then what is the benefit of it, brother, then you have told me so much story, then why should I learn, why should I, you have subscribed the channel, why have you come in life to learn further in the videos.  Two things are limited, your time and energy, if someone can save you that brother, this job is not for the government, it is not your job, it is like this of yours, you don't want to be attached to the government and even if you have got it, even if there is opposition, then you have done it 10 times. And happiness is not so little, now you will say that it is nonsense, hypocrisy, then apply for three rupees, give the exam three times, give four, give six, if you give five, then you will stop at six, otherwise these UPSC people are giving it.  12 12 12 12 Giving it 12 times Giving it 14 times No Prelims were cleared No I was cleared Take a little help I am not saying go to real space and hang on to it, keep doing this to leave immediately Yoga: People ask about going abroad. People ask about going abroad. Hey, anyone who wants to go abroad will go. It's like, keep going, Munna Bhai, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going.  The question will be: Will you be able to go there and be happy immediately? Will it suit you? So it is something like that and another thing also. How will my daughter's marriage be, my dear Guruji, how will my daughter's marriage be? There is no need to show the horoscope, just tell me.  I will not give it, if you had seen it, I would have felt a little better. I said, tell me how old is your daughter. Yes, she has studied very well for 24 years. Yes, how is she looking, she is straight, very beautiful, is it normal or not?  A little below normal. These mothers love all the children but these mothers are a little realistic when they talk about all these things like marriage and marriage, yes it is normal, okay normal or a little below that, it doesn't matter much, she does a job like this.  She does n't care what time she sleeps and wakes up. You know about today's children, sometimes they stay up all night, do n't know what mobile and all this, at 8:30, sometimes at 9:30, like this and she is very big like this.  By acting like this, I am telling you that I am real, just like I said, I know how to cook well. O ji, you know these days, I said study, you are not studying, you must be studying, and you are not even doing a job, and so. I don't even wake up and don't even know how to cook. Now am I being sexist in saying this or am I not a male shamanist? If you don't wake up after sleeping then what will you do next? Perform aarti. How will the marriage go well if it continues like this? Now there is a need to look at the horoscope.  you tell me your horoscope  You need to see one month of someone's own or your child's or someone's day and month. Note down what is going to happen to them after six months and what is going to happen in two years. You can tell without even looking at the horoscope.  Whatever his date of birth, he wakes up late, does nothing, wastes his time, what is his future and people come and ask about his future, why am I telling this, then I am telling this because astrology is For the Intelligent Donkeys  It is not for Visakh Nandan, it is not for you in life because it has great knowledge and it was never made for the common man, it was only for the special man and even today I want to tell this for the special man.  I am and you will learn it yourself, only then you will be satisfied that yes, because it is not like that, like doctors, that everyone should have medical treatment and a poor man cannot afford it, then brother, then the doctors will form the government and the government will  There will be hospitals and that too is a basic right in India, but there is nothing like that in astrology that brother of astrology is right, that is why they are in trouble because now that poor person would be the good one, who would know everything, think for yourself.  Look in astrology or among doctors, the one whose hands are very accurate, performs good operations, has good knowledge, he is earning big money in a good hospital, he is not engaged and still there is compulsion that  Is there any check and balance of the government that you have to do so much and it is so strict and there is no limit, there is no one above you, there is nothing in astrology, even the government does not say whether one should go to an astrologer or everybody has a right.  For if someone is accused then he should get a lawyer then whether it is good or bad he should get someone then it is not so in astrology then why every buddy  If someone wants an astrologer, then a good astrologer will come for cheap. Sometimes, for the sake of charity, he does free classes, does webinars, does workshops. It is his wish, and all that astrologers do is good and that too has to be done.  Took ₹ fee ₹ Took notional fee 00 Took notional fee Took other wise brother only rich people afford this and when a rich person does that  Advertisement doesn't work or doesn't work. Have you ever seen those who have it in their hands and the big politicians and even the politicians who are running the country have it? Have you ever seen it? It is not just a religion, brother.  Many times people think that they are showing religion, they are doing vote bank politics, there is something else, the politician never comes and says that the successful one, the good one, that all this is useless, only the middle class speaks, even the poor do not speak.  Jaak keeps coming to get his papers cut, in which place, in this place, please cut our papers, please do this, what is right, beyond that, I will teach you what that is too, I will give you complete clarity because it is simple astrology for me.  It has to be made popular and it can become popular only when there are answers to every question and all the misconceptions that are being raised and what is being said, then the biggest answer I heard today itself is science, no, yes, no, brother, we did not fight.  Absolutely  This is not science, it is a completely useless thing. What is the need of coming? What does it mean that someone is sharing his knowledge and telling a story? When someone is telling the fairy tale of a king and queen, someone comes to him and says, what are you teaching?  Hey, the listener is having fun, the listener is having fun, the atmosphere is good, there is relaxation, there is happiness, there is joy, so you don't say anything to those who drink alcohol, if you go to a bar then why are you drinking, the government bar takes tax.  are lying open  There are open contracts, you don't let him do astrology with him in every exam, friend, some big politician had once said that even when a dog dies, it still hurts, then he said, well, you have done it with a dog.  The world is like this in everything, so if your level is like this then you do not need to watch the next video, you will not be able to learn this thing, only the one who wants to come and be happy will learn it. Yes, tell me, it was a lot of fun today.  Who watched the video completely? Write this video in the comment section. The complete meaning is going to be around 22 minutes. Watched it completely for 22 minutes because when you watch it completely, you will understand and only then you will learn. There is no entertainment here, it is not like TikTok.  Brother, was the video of 10 minutes or four, although I will post only short videos, I also know that I have to take this knowledge forward, so I also know that people like to do a little or a little quickly.  Let me tell you, I will post the videos in small format but on the basis of what I am making, the initial videos will be a little long because if you cross these things then you will become idol committed and say yes, these things are right.  As for me, I am curious for the next one, I am curious to know the destiny versus free will, because when I learn this, someone will be learning, someone will come to put me down, no wife, I have to learn.  So the husband will say something, the husband is learning, the children will say something, the parents will say, the friend will say, the colleague will say, you have downloaded and watched something, you are watching something, you are doing it, so there is no one to tell you something, everyone is like this.  Let there be 12 zodiac signs, there are 820 crore people, then how many 70 crore people come inside each zodiac sign, then will everyone's future be the same? Those two twins were born, brother, there were two twins, this is how they are, there were two brothers, they were like this.  If everyone is being born at one place, then everyone's life should be the same, time is also the same, I will tell you, my friend, I will tell you because if I tell them all in one place, then this will be a 100 minute video, so then  Even if you watch 100 minutes, I don't know anyone who knows that it comes out in 23-24 minutes, but till now whoever has watched 23-24 minutes has seen it completely and is very excited to learn, first I will clear everything where  If you also have it, then for now it is a story, what is the problem in listening to the story, teaching and narrating, it is a song, whatever it is, you take it accordingly, there is no problem, so I hope you all enjoy. Please share this video and my request is to you because we are one, I want astrology to become popular, it has been made very technical, there is a lot of respect for him on many channels, I do not want to say that I am a great astrologer and he is not weak.  B. I am weak and he is great but sometimes a weak person teaches a thing very well and easily, that is why its name is Sango. You people will not get much confusion in the simple astrology technicality, so stay connected, this time you will learn it, ok for sure.  You will learn and I will teach you method wise, what happens many times, I posted this video, I posted that video, you don't know this, people don't know the difference not only between moon ascendant and horoscope, they don't know the difference of ascendant, they don't know that this is ascendant and this moon sign.  Is  And if there is confusion in that, then gradually all the videos will be uploaded, you will understand very well, continue on this journey, thank you very much.