Hello friends, today we will discuss about our nine planets within the Vedic Astrology. Westerners have taken Uranus and Pluto and all these also. What I will say at this stage is not required. They reinforce a little bit but we forget Neptune Uranus Pluto.  We can hold on to our nine and move on. Many people who make fun of astrology say that the planets are few, the sun is not the planet, the moon is there and that is me first.  I have already made it clear to you in the introductory video. Now I will tell you again. Chess pieces are there. Just understand that a horse takes three steps. Does it take two and a half steps in real life? An elephant moves like this. Conceptualize it and understand it. Don't get confused. Do not indulge in debate.  We will tell you about the nine planets and I will cover their individual energies later. This is the first thing about the planets, so first of all we will make it very easy to remember the planets.  If we catch Monday from Saturday or from Monday to Sunday, it is better than late, so Monday's we are Monday, M O N D A Y Monday, Monday has become Moon, Moon will be called Chandra in Hindi, so wherever it is in your horoscope, MO.  It is written that it is Moon and where Ch is written above it is Chandra because Pandit ji made it or the software removed it, then it will be written like this, M O O N will not be found written anywhere normally because if four  If the planets come together then there will be a lot of crowd, so I am teaching you from code to code level P easily, so MO is Moon and Ch is written, that moon is yours, it is fine wherever it is, it is fine to remember the second, it is Tuesday.  We speak in Hindi as Tuesday, Tuesday i.e. Mangal, Mangal i.e. Mars, where dot is written above M, it is Mars and if MA is written, then Mars is MO, O Moon is MA, I am teaching it in such a simple and easy way.  Me too  It seems that friend, I have thought a lot to make a channel, I could have started from late middle school, I am starting from A for Apple, only then you people will enjoy, share, subscribe, increase subscribers, okay, so first of all We have learned Moon from Monday, we have learned Mars from Tuesday, now comes the third Wednesday, Wednesday i.e. Mercury, Mercury i.e. Mercury, if Mercury is in English, you will find it written as M, where as Amy is written, that. Understand Mercury and in Hindi, it is written by B and its quantity, Mercury is also written, you will get it written in full, if you are okay, then this is your Mercury, okay, after that comes your Jupiter i.e. Thursday, Guru Guru, so its planet now.  Which one will be JU Jupiter? The complete English of Jupiter is Jupiter, where JU is written, in English it is Jupiter and in Hindi, 'ग' would be written as the quantity of small 'u'. Okay, so you can understand it like that. Next comes Friday.  Which is Friday? Friday means Venus, Venus means Venus, so where V and E are written, that is your Venus and in Hindi, Sh is the quantity of small U, so that is yours, Venus is okay, then let's move ahead, Shani Shani Shani, which is  That is Saturn, wherever SA is written, it becomes your Saturn. Wherever SA is written, it is Shani. In Hindi, it will be written only with 'sha' and if below 'sha' it becomes small 'u' then it will become 'Shankar' but it is 'sha'.  so saturn is there ok Shani can also be written in full. Sometimes Mercury and Saturn are written in Hindi. I have seen in many versions that they also come in different versions. So Shani is ours. It is okay. Surya has become sixth and seventh. Surya will also be found written here or Sun.  It will be written that S U N will not be visible. You will see S U in the sort. If everyone's initials are in English then initial two alphabets have been taken. Initials have been taken and there is no confusion anywhere. It is very easy, MO is the moon, your auspicious.  MA is Mercury, ME is your Jupiter, Jay is Venus, Saturn is SA and Sun is SU. Now come the seventh, eighth and ninth. These are called the nodes of the Moon. These are the notional points. The North Node is called Rahu. South Node is called our Ketu. Now, this is the back story behind it. Amrit Manthan was taking place. I will tell it in the next video, but today we are only calling it a planet, so Rahu and Ketu are also called this.  They are not physical entities. They are called shadow planets but they are entities. They have a lot of impact on the mind. They have a lot of impact on the mind more than the physical entities. So, Rahu and Ketu are Rahu and Ketu. Rahu will be shown as a Hindi. Wherever Ke is written, it will be Ketu and Ka will be the quantity of A. You can see Rahu Ketu anytime in any horoscope, it is a basic thing.  I will finish by telling you that they are always face to face, so if Rahu is in the second house then Ketu will be in the eighth house. If Rahu is in the first then Ketu will be in the seventh house. They will be opposite to each other. Always remember this basic thing. Take, these are our nine planets, we will run all the work from them and we will learn a lot from them, I will cover them individually, okay brother, how is it, the planets and me with the characters.  I will associate him and explain it very easily. Please subscribe the channel and share like. You guys are on a very good journey. You people will learn a lot when you learn then you will know how it works. He will only say, oh no, do something, learn, learn, learn.  With simplicity you will be able to understand easily and with ease you will be able to explain it to someone else and with ease your life will change. Thank you very much.