Hello friends, today we will talk about the Moon, some snapshot techniques of the Moon are very interesting, okay, it will be fun, if the Moon comes in your ascendant, then do not trust the person whose Moon comes in his ascendant, not that because he is a deceitful person, because of that.  The mind itself is flickering, if he says he wants to go watch a movie, then the time for the movie will come, if he doesn't say it is okay to go watch, then his meaning will be like this and Moon in Lagan, consultation several times, if afflicted Moon.  If something happens, it becomes difficult to give consultation to such a client. First of all, it is very important to make him stable. Okay, it is very important to make him stable. Whatever will happen with Moon in Moon in Ninth House, it is very difficult for astrologers to see.  Will go near one, will not stay near the moon, wherever there is moon's technique, wherever the moon is, its desire increases, check, now with these, understand what will happen, okay with these, you understand.  It's ok and there is only one thing to stabilize it. Whoever does this more than the Moon, brother, give him more water to drink. Intake of water should be less. If the Moon is in ascendant then please drink more water or the mind remains distracted.  Or if you are more fickle about anything, then drink more water. The more water you drink, the more stability you will get, so this was a very small snapshot technique, it works beautifully. See Moon in Ninth House.  Take it, he will not be able to rely on one astrologer, he has to go here again and again and show more and give knowledge and give some more and tell and do like this and how do they do, I will not talk much about Moon in Seventh, okay be a little playful.  He goes, "Do you know what is going on in Seventh but he is doing it jokingly? There is no need to worry so much. Okay, I feel like eating Rasgulla and there is a difference between whether I will eat Rasgulla or not. Okay, but what to do with the mind, please keep your mind."  Didn't you go Pushpa, mind is fickle, mind is fickle, wherever there is moon, fickleness will increase, so see where each one is and cold, also told the way to cure it, give water to drink, if you give water to drink, then fickleness is water, everyone has to drink.  It is because the moon is sitting with everyone, so wherever there is flickering, there is a little more, like this, it will calm down. You understood that there is a cure for everything, so there is no need to worry. Okay, there is a lot of knowledge going on in these short videos very simply, so you guys please like, share, subscribe to the channel, you will find a group inside the comment section, you will find Jyotish Simple Jyotish Webinar Info Group, if you are not already there then go to my group. You all must join that group, you can also take membership of the channel. Thank you very much.