Hello friends, welcome back to Simple Astrology, the simpler a thing is done through an amazing technique, the more amazing it is, that knowledge is actually more expensive in life. The thing which will be told by more hyping may not be that expensive, so I will give a lot here.  I am taking it from him, if a 12 year old child, who knows only house and zodiac sign, can also do amazing things, then let's start today, today 's topic will be unique, where will there be drama in your life?  Will drama come from in your life? Okay, drama means, you know, you can't call it pain and sorrow because it is drama, yes, it is called drama, it can also give pain because it is drama, but it is drama, okay, so let's start.  There is a zodiac sign which is called Scorpio in English and the number eight is written wherever the sign of the zodiac is in your horoscope. Today I will tell you two things about this zodiac sign. It is very amazing. Okay.  Wherever he is, there will definitely be drama in your life. Okay, I will also give you the second technique, so stay connected, the second technique will also be amazing and you will enjoy it a lot. Brother, let's try the first technique only with dedication.  It's okay if the fire comes within someone's passion, then whose passion will it come from? Those who are sitting with the passion of Scorpio sign, brothers and sisters, no congratulations, your whole life is drama, drama is drama, something or the other will happen.  Everywhere someone calls it 'klesh' but I will not call it 'klesh' because 'klesh' is like only sadness and pain, comedy will also be there and if you understand something or the other, it will be like this and if your second house is in the second house, I will also give three techniques, I will tell you three things in this, it will be long.  If it happens then it is okay to listen. I have remembered the third one too. I am serving you completely. I am serving you carefully. It is an interesting video. Now if you have Taurus Eighth in the second house then for whom will it come or will it come for Libra if Libra?  If you have a passion for the second one, then you have an eight, then brother, you or sisters, in your original family, there was drama there, there may have been a little tragedy, a little happiness, a little sadness, but that element must have been more like it is not said that friend, turmoil.  -There is turmoil in childhood. Was there turmoil in the original family or at the time of buying assets, there is drama in your life. Something or the other definitely happens, it was not taken from you without drama.  Moving assets, similarly, there will be drama in significant places or there will be drama in short travels or your communication or the communication you do at work through email documents or this will also lead to drama. So who is this for? Ascendant of squares which is in the fourth house is Taurus  You have Taurus in the fourth house, so brothers and sisters, you are sitting with Leo ascendant in your house i.e. the house where you live, there is some drama and  It may be chilly, it may be love, it may be excitement, that is the condition of life, time will tell you everything, it will come to you according to everything, similarly, if 8th goes to the fifth house, then the fifth house is significant in your life in romance.  It can be like this, see six, I have to tell the significant, it will be a long video, so put everything, the sixth house is your work place, okay, the seventh house can be your spouse, life.  There is a partnership, the 8th house of the in- laws is in the 8th house, it is okay, only Aries's house will come in the 8th house, it is good, mother-in-law, father-in-law and all those who are from the in-laws' side or at the time of inheritance, if there is a nearby lagna, then it is placed in the ninth house of father.  If it is there then it will be seen like this, then all this can be seen like this. The second amazing technique is you see this, it is amazing, apply this also on the opposite side of the circle where Taurus is. Whatever thing you have, you will get it automatically easily, very comfortably, Amul Macho, look very comfortably, every person is sitting with Scorpio somewhere or the other, the thing which is in the opposite house will come easily, so if Scorpio is there.  If there is passion, then what is its opposite? It will always be the Taurus of Taurus. Ok, but which house is the seventh, then the spouse will come in the seventh house. How will it be easy, will it be different?  The thing is, I am not talking about that, but you will get it. You can get the spouse of Scorpio people as easily as you wish. Okay, if a Scorpio like you is in your fourth house, then what will be the house opposite to it? What is the 10th house?  Your father's money is also there. It may also be father's money because it is second from the ninth house. Papa's money. Papa's money. Papa will give you the money. Check it easily. Leo guys, please check it. Papa. All the identifications are available to you brothers and sisters. Now whatever you have to do, there are expenses like if someone's Eth is there, where is the 12th house, if Eth is in the 6th house, then whatever is there in the 12th house, then bed pleasure.  Which one will it be, it will not be theirs, it will not be theirs, it is okay, then try that thing or expense or going to a foreign country, you will get it automatically, wherever Scorpio is yours, put it opposite to it. Apply the formula anywhere, formula it will work. If Scorpio is in your second house, then what is its opposite to the eighth house, then from there you will get inheritance easily or astrology will also come to you well. You will come to any knowledge, Alt science also well.  Whatever is the significance of that house, wherever your number eight is, that relative of yours is very stubborn. You will say that it is mine only because of your passion, so in your passion, you only become my relative.  You are of a stubborn nature, you are stubborn, you are a stunner, you can also be cute but you are stubborn, it is okay, if you are a Leo, then where will be the 8th zodiac sign of a Leo person, the 4th house in the 4th house means mommy, mommy, you are stubborn, please check yours. Check it out: Taurus is ascendant, Scorpio is sitting in the seventh house, your wife or husband is stubborn, your Pisces is ascendant, number eight is in your father's ninth house, father is stubborn, your Cancer is ascendant, children are  Why are you stubborn? Because the eighth zodiac sign is in your fifth house. What is there in the fifth house? Children of stubborn nature, it works beautifully, please identification, let them grow up a little, they will be stubborn with you, you say many times, isn't it, all these relationships which are there, maybe mummy.  Very or wife is very understanding, but if you are carrying the horoscope, then she will be stubborn towards you, so don't say like this, yes, the relationship is with you, you are carrying the horoscope. If the energy is with you then it will be with you then today I have told you three very simple techniques, I have told you all these techniques earlier also like where will the pain come from and it is a very good hit, I am fine and like this you will see it on 50 charts.  You have to apply these small simple techniques, then you develop faith in astrology and you come to know that many times people come and visit their friends, children do not listen to many people, it is not that only children with cancer.  They will be stubborn and that is okay and being stubborn does not mean that there is a bad relationship or something is bad, it is just that, it is okay, so you have to observe what the relationship dynamics are, you have to observe them.  It reminded me that after Diwali, this year my relationship course is starting, I have put all my knowledge into it, it's great, it's not an astrology course, it's not just an astrology course, it's a normal course.  If there is knowledge, then you know that knowledge comes from everywhere. Okay, so those who do not want to join it, those who want to join the relationship course and others.