Hello friends, today is astrology and how to know your relatives. Which relatives are known from the houses from the horoscope, it is a very simple technique, I will teach you something, you should note it down and memorize it. It is going to be a very interesting video. There are 12 houses. You have seen the first video.  I have seen that the first house in it will tell you about yourself, which relative of yours will tell you about yourself. Self is fine. The second house is your original family. Original means the one who was yours before marriage.  It is a clan, it reflects the entire clan, tells about it, how was the age and total, like the one who sits with Rahu in the second house, you have to check it many times, what is the drama of the original family, what is the childish drama.  If yes, then the first house was your own. Second, the relatives from this house will come to know about the original Punwa, which will include all the extended family also. Your entire clan will come. Third, the house which is yours will be younger.  Siblings denote siblings, younger brothers and sisters, fourth house denotes your mother, mother, mother, it is okay to tell the relatives, fifth house denotes your child, normally children say, but the elder child is okay.  Sixth House denotes your maternal uncle and its technique, now I will start telling everyone the technique here so that you can remove any number of relatives, now I will teach you very easily from the Sixth House.  How did uncle come out because he is third from the fourth house, so if we keep fourth house first, fourth fifth sixth then he becomes third, then third belongs to the younger sibling, then who will be mother's sibling, uncle, this way we can see the rest.  Is the seventh house of your spouse okay? Is the seventh house of the husband or wife okay in the husband's horoscope? Is the seventh house of the wife and husband okay in the wife's horoscope? Is the husband okay in the husband's horoscope?  The eighth house which is called the triple house and they all say that the kinship is visible in the eighth house. Whose in-laws side is it? Now they will say that the eighth house is in-laws. How did the eighth house become in-laws? I explain it in a very easy way. Normally, no one explains it, that is why people are not able to remember. I am telling the technique first.  House is yours, first house, I told in the beginning, first to second house, who is your clan, then the seventh house is your spouse, then the second house from the seventh house of the spouse, if you count seconds because always remember in astrology.  Keep in mind that whenever houses are counted, the first house has to be counted from there, then the first house becomes the seventh and from the seventh the second becomes the eighth. If you understand the simple technique, then the eighth house will be your in-laws's, the ninth house is father's, the ninth house is father's, that's it. People and places and astrology make the mistake of saying that 10th is the father's day, I will clarify that too here in astrology and will also tell the reason why it is not 10th and with this logic.  According to the logic I will tell, many people think it is 10th but many people say astrology but it is ninth, Guru's is also ninth and father's is also ninth. Well, if we see kinship in the 10th house, then father's family should be father's original family. Now if we look at it logically then it is the mother and the seventh house from the mother, the tenth house which is the seventh house, then it should be the father's, right because from you  If the seventh house was your wife's then how can it be your father's ninth house because if I told mummy and uncle the third house then with that logic people would have called it father but the fact of life is that it is your mummy's husband, how should it not be said but someone's.  Your mother's husband may be different from your father, you are understanding and despite being similar, he may be different in nature, your father may be different and your mother's husband may be a similar person by nature, so we are in the ninth house.  Let's see from this, beyond this, I put my mind a lot in astrology, there is a little bit of that, some say this, some say this, which one did you find more logical, tell me, is a person who is someone's husband and someone's father the same human being?  Can his nature be different? As a father is different and as a husband is different. You know, from the ninth house you will see the father and from the tenth house you will see the father's family. What else can you see from the tenth house?  Will look at his mother-in-law too, now will call him mother-in-law  How did it happen from 10th house, 7th to 4th 10th, now I will go on later and we will find out all the relatives. It's ok like this, first I told you the broad details and then we will find all the relatives in the same way. Okay, so the elder brother from the 11th house is in the 11th house.  From the house there was elder sister, elder brother, elder sibling, younger sibling, from the third house and from the 11th house, we should know this, like this will also be in the report, this will be ok, now which relative is from the 12th house? Grandmother will be from 12th house, why because it is 4th from 9th, there is logic, otherwise people tell it directly like this, from Parve house, now let me discuss the combinations of all the other relatives. Okay, 5th house, I told you whose is the child's.  But grandfather is also seen from the fifth house. Now why would grandfather be seen from the fifth house? Grandfather will be seen from the fifth house because he is the ninth from the ninth. When you count from the ninth house, the ninth is considered as a first.  If we consider house then it is 10 11 12 to 3 four fifth house then it becomes ninth house. Ninth from ninth is fifth house so in this way you can see if you want to see the daughter in law, if you want to see the elder sister then in five.  Which house will be the 7th from the 11th house? If it is opposite to the 11th house, then how will be the elder sister of your elder daughter-in-law? Or the spouse of the elder child, if it is a girl, then your elder son-in-law. If he is seen in this way, then it will  What other combinations can you find out? If you tell me, then someone will say in this, who is Nana? If Nana is seen from where, then who is Nana to Nana? Mother's father is mother's house from which house is she seen from the fourth, so make the fourth first.  If we have to count from fourth to ninth, we have to count fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, 10th, 11th and 12th. So grandmother and grandfather are giving the same from home. Okay, so this  Like, you always make your kinship and all this very important, especially spouse, siblings, parents and children, this is the core group of your people, remember, I teach astrology very well in this simple way, this January, when you are watching this on the sixth and  We are organizing a workshop on 2nd January from 5 to 7 pm for Ultra Beginners. If you want to register for it then UB can be on the number given below. It will be for 4 to 3.3 hours.  The workshop will be for two to two and a half hours, recording will be available, the only fee is Rs. 95.95 and if you take the membership of the channel, then there are such webinars which will be held once in a month, with the basic level of this ticket size. That will be complimentary to them and there are many more points of membership, there are four or five points, so you can watch them by going to the intro video, you have to press the join button, an intro video will also be seen on that intro video.  Also here you can see what are the options for taking membership but if you want to try this one first then also check it out. According to me, I will tell every person one basic thing method wise. There will be slides in it, notes which you can read at your convenience.  You can make it all in one compact form within 4 hours for the ultra beginners who do not know much about astrology and those who do but their knowledge is scattered here and there, a little of this, a little of this, a little of this and that.  Sara  If it is collected then spare 4 to 45 hours of time. Money is as true as it is. Ticket price deliberation has been kept very low. There are some expenses of the platform, there are expenses of recording, there are expenses of server, so a fee has been kept, nominal fee.  I will only say that the fee has been kept at Rs 295. To register for it, you will have to pay on the given number and in the comment section below, you will see the hashtag.