Hello friends, I am going to tell you a very good remedy for youngsters, if you have children then you can see it for them, it can be for the elderly also, it can be for anyone but it is very applicable for youngsters because I have it.  The one is very habituated, Guruji, he doesn't do anything, he doesn't wake up, not just like that, he is not doing anything, it means that many times the youth becomes like this these days. Okay, so I am telling you a remedy if in your life.  The issue of boss is going on, it is okay, the issue of job promotion is going on, your lethargy is your discipline, it is not good and this is the thing of many people, every other person, what should you hold, almost every person has issues in his life, so try all of them.  It is very simple, it is not easy, there is no expense, water does not evolve, ok, I will tell you carefully, please understand, like, it is simple astrology, I want to tell you one thing about Tante Tantalus, offer water to the Sun, meditate.  Let us understand what is the condition. The condition is that you have to do this thing for minimum 43 days which I will tell you. If you are not able to do it in 23 days or 25 days then it is okay to start from zero to one. That is one second. This means that you  You have to offer water to the Sun after taking bath, then you have to offer it after that, you will choose the time, no one is saying that it has to be offered at sunrise, no one is saying that it is 6:30.  You have to offer it at 7:00, choose a time, think about this time, in winter it will be at 9:30 and if it is summer, then you should do it at 9:00, the time should be before that and the time you have chosen will be that cycle.  It should be cent and you choose that time, like if you choose 845 then it can be 844, it can be 846, don't play it at 900, don't play it at 8:30, don't do it like this.  That today is a holiday, today I have forgotten, I have forgotten, so brother, the meter has been reset again, then he said no, I am travelling, even if you are traveling, if you are traveling in a ship, then the sun is visible even in the ship, it is a bottle.  If it is okay with you, then put your bottom in the glass, whatever you wish, be it a train, a plane, a ship, be it on foot, be walking, set your time, set your mind at the same time, everyone has a mind, you know that. how to talk ok you know that Friend, when is that time when I will wake up happily, I am not telling myself that wake up in the night and then recite such mantras and it is not going to be so difficult but I am still saying that this is not easy. Disappointment, I gave time till 9:30, it is a very comfortable time but do n't make excuses, tonight I did it brother, today brother, brother, that was done, then set the program again.  It is done, you will do this, you will get not 100% relief but 1000%. By coming for free, I have told you that nothing is ever free, Store never gives anything for free, so give a like, if you give a like, then energy transaction has taken place, give something, give something, increase subscribers. Write something in the comment section, write something good, I will only speak good, I am not speaking to speak bad, don't speak bad on this channel, why speak bad, I have four more channels to write something contrary to this.  But don't write anything bad. There is no need to write bad. Okay, if you want to write something good on this then write this. I have given it to the people in your family. Tell it to the people in the groups. It is a very simple remedy for any discipline because look at everyone.  This is the discipline of the sun, it rises every day, what will happen if it does not rise for a day, the world will end, the sun has to rise, you know that you are doing this, well, I will say one more thing in the water because somewhere.  These days they are also called renewable energy, what is the name of the world saver, give water, either keep the pot below, then even the water spilled in the pot, I am telling you not to waste it, now put a copper pot in it, put it in this, do that, brother, do it.  Take, give in, give in that in which you give, give water, get up on time, whatever time it is, and if we can get up at the same time every day and follow a ritual, then by doing this, there will be some change here, people are scientific here. come here like this  If you can do it, brother, try it, you have to give water for 43 days, you have to give water in the pot, the pot is kept in the flat, there is water, there is water, I gave it like this after looking at the Sun, it is okay and if that water falls in the pot.  Even the water is not wasted. My heart is beating even to waste even a glass of water. So there too I am not saying. I am not saying drop it on the floor. Well, if you drop it on the soil then it is okay anyway. The water has gone into the soil. rain water harvesting  If its water is not wasted then do not spill it on the floor. Water will also not be wasted because you have to spill it every day for 43 days and if you like it then keep doing it throughout your life. Why not then please share this message in the comment section. You will find Astrology Webinar Info Group.  We also tell technical things, do free sessions and also paid sessions. Whatever you understand, you can come and join that group. You will get a chance to understand things better from someone like this.  There are questions or doubts which ask very innocent questions like in astrology, then write in the comment section, I will address them too. Deliberation, this channel of mine is in a different way, I do not do much here like it is on other channels because It is there, you will go there and see, I will also say something similar, but I want to do something that will change your life, it is simple astrology, it has to be told easily to people, it has to be made a part of life, astrology is God's.  Astrology is the one who shows the path and awakens its strength. Whether you call it study or the one who is doing it, that too is an astrologer. Astrology is fine, it is connected to Jyot, it is fine, it is a very simple thing and you should enjoy listening to it.  You should feel a lot of relaxation, if you do then let me know, thank you very much.