Hello friends, how many of you are there who have Saturn in Virgo in their horoscope? In Virgo, where the number six is ​​written. Saturn is also there in the horoscope. Saturn is also in the Jinn. So please write in the comment section.  How many people are feeling like quitting the job and that mind has become more disturbed in the last two-three months and it would seem that they should quit the job, quit this job or leave the boss or they are facing such kind of problems.  Are  The reason for this is that Ketu Ji is in transit, Ketu Maharaj is inside your square, wherever the conjunction of Saturn and Ketu occurs, if someone is sitting in the natal chart with D and I, then he will feel like this throughout his life. Feeling is okay, but Karma, I have a request to those who are working now, do not leave the job for the next 1.25 years, you will feel very tempted to leave, if you can bear it somehow, then bear it, because leaving a job should be from a point of view.  From a position of strength, not a position of compulsion, I don't feel like doing this, I am not doing it because after that it is not like that the man regrets again, so if it is like this for someone then quickly analyze your charts, all of them from here. Send this thing there and don't subscribe to the channel. It is about teaching astrology in a simple way. There is not much fuss here so that a common man can understand it. It should not be that the teacher is very high. Reached the point and you reach down and the difference is so much, then I don't understand. This is that by doing 2 Th 6 6 Fo 24 like this, someone can teach it easily. It is easy to understand head and meter, isn't it okay to learn anything?  Birmingham Her I works and teaches English because of D. Okay, so it means that in this way you can easily understand things easily. Check quickly in your relatives and send to the charts. Many people will get this one by one in Saturn squares. People of the world are sitting with the 12th, the minimum is fine, the chance is only a matter of probability, so there is a 1 in 10 chance that it will be found in the family or if you feel like telling a friend, then tell me friend, find out the horoscope quickly, Saturn is not sitting with the class yet.  I have been thinking since last two months, you must write to me in the comment section, ok and keep subscribing to the channel, there are regular webinars in the comment section.  You will get a group with subscriber webinar. You will get a group of simple astrology. Want to join a group of simple astrology? Please see it in the comment section and join. Thank you very much.