Hello friends, decision making and crying is a very good topic of astrology. It is simple astrology. I will tell you very simply. You must have seen many people who face problems in life. Everyone has them. You know that every type of person has a habit. Crying is inevitable in everything, this is not right for me, this is not right for me, then try to link them and see that their decision making will also be poor because by crying unnecessarily, you spoil your Ketu.  The one whose Ketu is bad will not be able to make decisions and this is according to the horoscope, which I am not even telling you. General, without opening the horoscope, you can see this. In practice, the one whose Ketu is bad will want to take the sympathy of the world and it will be a lot of fun if you get the sympathy of the world.  If you get sympathy and you feel bad that why am I in this situation that people are pitying me and giving me sympathy, I don't want sympathy, that means yours.  Ketu is good, this is also a big sign and the one whose Ketu is good, his decision making is quick and good because whatever you see in life, see the link, see it in your family, try this test on your father, mother, yourself, wife, children.  Spouse or any of your friends or yourself should look at it and see the pattern. If you have accidentally got this kind of nature then please improve it. Please write in the comment section if it is working in your chart.  And in this your identification Ketu gets disturbed wherever it is sitting and an immediate result will come from you whenever something comes up for decision making, not for a big decision but a normal decision which you should take, then you will procrastinate and wait for that.  If you won't be able to take it, you will keep turning while fighting and life will pass like this, then first of all stop crying in life, useless nobody is coming there. To help you, even the decision making in your life will not be yours and those who enjoy it a lot would be able to cry, some people like it, they enjoy complaining, they start falling in love even with the problems, many people are like this. They are very fond of talking about the problems in their life, that is why they do not get rid of them and they always keep talking to them too. See, there will be no decision making, neither about buying a house, nor about buying a stock, nor about their job.  Whether any decision will be taken about the children, they just keep asking, they keep crying and keep asking, the combination of both works in life, this has come to my observation because of simple astrology.  One of the objectives that I have taken for my channel is to teach astrology based on observation of what is happening to you in real life, I do not make it very technical, there are webinars and other things too, you can share your views in the comment section. Subscribers will see the Info Webinar Group. If you have not yet joined that group and are watching it as a forward, then you can go beyond that also. Some exclusive activities are also done separately for people who are very curious plus are very very.  If you know inclined towards learning a this kind of things then please join him too. Do share this video. Tell me how you liked it. Thank you. Very Much