Hello friends, today we will discuss Chandra Kundli and Lagan Kundli, Lagan or Moon sign, this is a big confusion for people, it is a very basic and simple thing, it is simple astrology, I am teaching it with simplicity, just like I am teaching with A for Apple, B for Boy, the journey continues. Primary school will remain, middle class will emerge, high school will take me to college, please share, enjoy, subscribe to the channel if you have not done so yet, watching S.A. Forward whenever you  If you look at your horoscope, the first normal one that comes out is the Lagan Kundli, where Lagan Kundli will be written on the top or d1 will be written in the software. There may or may not be a moon here. Chances of moon being there are 1/1. That is, it is at 8.5 where your ascendant is also the same and there is moon in the ascendant, then in this case the ascendant horoscope will be the same as the moon horoscope and the other wise, whatever is your block, the first one in it.  Which house is that house, I have explained to you people, in the first house, Lagan is written as Ascendant, ASC or L is written, that Lagan is Lagan, that point is on the horizon, 90 degrees to the East when you were born.  Don't get into its technical tricks. Astrology is simple. The big thing is that your passion shows your physicality. Moon horoscope shows your physical space. D1 has great importance in Vedic Astrology.  If yes, then you have to look at the ascendant horoscope, it is very important, the moon sign is there, where the moon is, if the moon is written as your MO, then look, I will use this language, I will definitely not teach it in that kind of astrology, I will show it practically.  According to MO, what is Moon? Dot above Ch is Moon. Where it is written, that is your Moon sign. If it is written in Four, then you are sitting with Moon in Cancer. Now you have understood this basic thing.  It is important, it is seen in cases of transit. Sade Sati is seen from Moon sign only. When you do consultation of women, Moon sign also becomes important. It can also be seen from their emotions. Moon sign is important but still I am ascendant.  I will give more importance to the horoscope, to understand the predictions, to see the physicality of your life, to see it only from the Moon Lagan horoscope, so I hope this confusion once ends.  No for all, I have settled it and given it to you. Now the third thing which is known to the English Westerners is the sun sign with Sun, forget it, I will not discuss it in simple astrology, in our Vedic astrology it is not that much, but not more than 5.  In that, we will not even discuss that brother, if you are on 1st of July, then you are not cancer, no, you see here, which zodiac sign you can be, your Libra is coming out, your passion is coming out, it is towards sunshine. forget western  Forget the astrology that you see in newspapers and it comes like so and so and so and so and this will happen, forget that, I am telling you in a simple way, you will have to forget something, you will have to learn something new. Forget the sunshine, when you this Vedic astrology and this of yours.  If you are moving ahead to learn the ancient knowledge of our country, then please forget it, your Moon is very important, that is the Moon sign and your dedication when you are asked because anytime you will learn.  If you are learning it yourself or someone is teaching it from somewhere, then it is important to know which is my ascendant. Okay, whatever ascendant number is written inside it is the number of the zodiac sign. I have told you earlier also, so remember that. You should know and remember your ascendant sign. Thank you very much.