Hello friends, in today's video we will see the classification of zodiac signs. There are two types of classifications and it confuses the common student who is initially learning astrology as to which zodiac sign is it, is it a movable sign or is it of the earth element?  There is confusion as to which is earth element or fire element, so today I am telling you clearly, I am telling you calmly, listen comfortably, make notes of it, it is a 5 minute video, you will understand it well, take a long breath and listen.  First we will tell the zodiac signs in three ways: Variable zodiac, Fixed zodiac, Bi nature zodiac, Variable zodiac will be called in English as Movable char, meaning the variable is moving, Movable, stable i.e. standing, fixed and dual nature i.e. both of them are simple. Now which one are they, okay?  The variable sign is 147 10. Where it is written, it is the variable sign. 147 10 is written in the horoscope because by now you must have come to know that in the horoscope of the horoscope.  Which is your horoscope, what is written inside are the zodiac signs, those are not houses, houses are not written ok and those are the zodiac signs, so the one which is your first zodiac sign, one is Aries in English, is ok in Hindi, four is Aries, which is Cancer in English, in Hindi.  Cancer Seven where it is written Libra in Hindi and 10 Capricorn in English and Capricorn in Hindi This is the nature of all four zodiac signs, so you are sitting with such dedication, you are sitting with such Moon, there is little activity inside it.  It is variable, it is moving around, in this way you can understand very easily, there is more, but for now, this is all you have to understand, we have put the foot of the stable and fixed part, we have committed the types, that is brother, where two five come and  If it is written 11 then the two which is Taurus is fine and the five is your Leo, Leo i.e. Leo, eight i.e. Scorpio i.e. Scorpio, 11 i.e. Aquarius i.e. Aquarius, so these are the zodiac signs whose  If your passion is good, then brother, your nature is a bit stable. Now no one will ask which is good, which is good and not bad. Whatever is as it is, it is the same. Many people in astrology or even in life wonder which one is good. Hey every person.  It is good for me when you match for marriage, Gundi, I will take you to the match, then these will come, hey, which zodiac sign, husband says wife has to go for a tour, she has to go every day, husband says no, she says she has to go to relatives, there is a party today.  Today is my wedding.  Aunt's daughter's friend's mother has some birthday, then you will understand things like this. Now just understand that you are sitting with this, which is this classification, which is the dual nature, which you can say is flexible in a way.  If both are there then they are 369 and 12. Now many people will say that both are better. Many will say that fixed is good. Some will say that it is variable. Depending on brother, according to me, I will take the recommendation. It is the  Situation There are some situations in which 14710 Will perform well You can't say that this is good, that is good, this is good but you have to understand your nature.  As we will come to know gradually in the future and gradually we will learn as we move ahead, but today I am just teaching the terminology, what does it mean, it is like this, so what is the meaning of this term, first tell the term, not what is the interest, the principle.  What is the amount, what is p * r * t / 100, we will do it later, then 1 p r to the power of n will also be the pawn interest, but first let us know what r is, then r. If rate rate is interest then percentage so I am teaching like that then two nature of your zodiac sign will be G three where gemina is virgo j where six is ​​virgo nine which is sagittarius virgo your virgo zodiac sign and pias 12 what will be the hindi of your pias.  At once Pisces is fine, no matter how it happens, it is said that you are a big astrologer, if you forget Pisces then Payas's Pisces is fine, then this is a dual natured zodiac sign.  This will be this category, now there is another category, this category will be one that this is such a category, now there is another category where we bring the elements, now we know what the elements are, whether we speak in English brother or in Hindi.  First of all, I will tell you okay, Hindi and English are one and the same, but I am not able to understand the meaning. Do it in Hindi but I will tell in English because the audience of South is also quite connected. Okay, so you understand these four things: Fire, Earth, Air, Water, okay. Fire, Earth, Air, Water, there are zodiac signs on its basis, so let us first understand that your category of zodiac signs is Fiery, Fiery, not Fiery, FIERY, Fire, so which is the fire sign, Aries, one is F, Leo and nine is Sagittarius, their fire is Aries. Also, the fire of Eris is different, that means the fire of Eris is impulsive, that of Leo is that of King and that of Sagittarius is that of Jupiter, so the flavor is different but we will classify them in the same way today.  For this, remember that it is also a ferry, the ferrymen come to science, if it looks like this in your passion then brother, understand what is the fire, the fire is ok, Pushpa the fire, this is all Pushpa, this is 159 ok, so this is a little knowledge.  There are different flavors in this also but it will not be all in one video, further you will understand easily, today just understand that fire is a basic thing, it is known in basic nature, second is fire, which is called Ardi Science in Hindi which will be called earth element.  of  These zodiac signs are your two, six and 10, two i.e. Torus, six, i.e. your square, Virgo and Capricorn, i.e. these two, I don't have to think while doing English and Hindi, okay if I go with one, it is easy, okay because mind can you know. Think in one language only because it has to translate. Okay, so 10 is Capricorn. Capricorn is Capricorn. I am explaining it very simply and with enjoyment.  You guys, don't take stress, everything is remembered on its own. If you do n't remember once more, then notes are made, then you remember after looking at the notes, then you remember by asking, then with time, everything becomes very easy.  What I am telling you is Ardhi, it is Ardhi. Now what does Ardhi mean from practical? These people will seem like they are flying in the air. 6 and 10 are okay, that is Pushpa Fire. 159, these ones have become practical, okay.  Ardi means connected to the ground, how easily it is explained, Ardi is earth element, it is known to be connected to the ground, it is correct, next comes Vayu, okay, so the one with air force, Vayu is okay, this is Eri, air, the one with air is okay, this is from 3 and Jamana.  Libra Aquarius, this is Airy Science is fine, after this come Watery sign or water or water element is fine, those signs are 4 8 12 i.e. Cancer Scorpio and Pisces are fine then Cancer Scorpio.  And Pisces people, it is okay, now this is water, water also has to be understood, as I told you, the flavor of fire is different, further I will tell you about different types, so this water is also of different types, which is water with four, that is, it is a little  Shallow water is clean water, Cancer's eight means deep water, Scorpio's dirty water, F is water, but that water also has different flavors, it does not mean that Scorpio people, these symbols are good for teaching about yourself.  O!  I have become dirty water, my water is clean, take it literally like this, these are symbols, I told you earlier also that if you follow the logic of first order thinking like this, you will play chess, a horse moves like this, an elephant moves like this, a rule has been made that its  The name of the elephant is Ha Haath, we can also name it as Gajendra, it is okay, we can also name the horse as Dhanno, that too will still work, Dhanno will work like this and Gajendra will work like this, it is okay, those are all symbols, the same.  There is symbolism in astrology but there is meaning behind it, no one understands the symbols, it becomes my dirty water, my good water, O my horse, I am rich, this is what the people of astrology have finished and I am telling here in such a simple way that  Brother, if you are Cancer then the water is clear, those of eight are Taurus, theirs is deep, it is dirty and the emulsion of Pisces is very Mariana Trench, Mariana Trench, do you know how deep the sea water is, eighth.  So whether it is drain water, dirty water, swamp or the like, it is deep, it is okay and that is more, this is an emotional science, so this is the depth of emotions. Cancer people will be very emotional but they will be seen with shallow emotions and like this, Scorpio people.  They are very emotional but they have depth and clarity, they are not visible, they are not understood, so when I go to science, I will tell the zodiac signs, I will explain, I will tell them their stories, they are good, good.  So that you remember and the way Astrologer Ji will teach me, no one will be able to teach it with such ease, there are many experts, there are many experts, I am not saying this but I cannot teach it, I know there is a lot, if you cannot tell, or if you cannot explain, then  Unable to spread, spread will happen. Once everyone learns, if everyone learns, the country will improve. I will improve the happiness index of our country India by 25 points in the next phase.  Years, whatever the government has to do, I will do it alone, I am talking about such a big thing for our country, Jasba is at 126th place, otherwise I will increase it by 25 places, the rest, whatever you want to increase, you do it, okay, I will increase the happiness. This infrastructure or hospitals alone, these jobs, this money, there is a lot of government work, worldly work, business work, but there is a lot in happiness, I alone will raise India by 25 places, this is my mission from within.  If there is a statement, then note them down slowly, please spread it in your friend circle, subscribe, it is okay because if you do n't do this, then the price will not increase by 25 notches, okay, it will increase by 25 notches only if I reach out to people, I go and hold rallies.  I can't do it, I can't go from here to there in a helicopter, nor in a plane, I can't do these things, oh brothers and sisters, do n't even say this, let this not happen, let it not happen like that.  It can be okay, I want to say that no matter what happens and no matter what happens to me, we have to enjoy life. Okay, whatever happens, we will tell a story. If it happens, I will say no matter what happens. If it doesn't matter, then this is it.  On a difference, I don't have a plane to travel from here to there. Those who have got a chance to fly, the ship is ok, you can see the result report card of how many places they are increasing, but I want to increase it by 25, so you are with me.  So  If you want then please spread, share, like and subscribe. And to clear the doubts of all the people, I will keep doing a webinar in small portions in a month which will clear all the doubts of yours because there is no interaction here and it will happen there.  There you can join Sango Saral Astrology Webinar Group, there is no disturbance, there is no privacy issue, nobody can see any number, notification will come quietly. Want to join? Have any doubt? Ask your one on one. It will happen on a holiday. It will happen in the evening. There won't be much notice but it will be within two to four five hours. Check the message and join. If you have any questions, ask.  Okay, it's so simple, okay, so do subscribe. Before joining the subscriber group, do subscribe. You will find the subscriber group in the top comment of the comment section, so from there you can Thank you very much for joining.