Hello friends, today a small topic, not very long but this is what creates confusion many times. We will learn the classification of houses and learn the word because what happens is that when you make a rent agreement, someone writes 'Leasey Lizard' in it, now that lawyer is responsible for all of them.  The language is such that the common man cannot understand it quickly, this is the trend of every profession, whether you catch doctors, you catch finance people, you catch anything you want, there will be some jargon or the other. To impress, the lord is inside the center house, this is Upachaya, it is in your triangle, the lord has gone there, triangle house, such additional houses, this and this, you tell me which house is it, friend Guruji, you had told me first house, second house, third house, fourth house.  After 5th, 12 were mentioned, now what is this, so let me tell you their classification in a simple way so that you do not get overwhelmed because it is applicable in every business, be it Chartered Accountant, Lawyer or Doctor.  Be it a professional astrologer or something else, I am not criticizing these professions for killing the style but that person uses some other level of deliberation to sound professional, it can be done easily, my astrology is simple, I am teaching it simply.  You can even forget it a little by remembering it, but what will it be, yes, it was like this, but friend, yes, this is this, otherwise what is that, Na Sa Theta Ka Theta Gamma is like that, once again math becomes like this. You must have been in 11th and 12th that English is visible, numbers are not visible and something else is visible, then the person becomes overloaded, he seems to be the stick of integration, he is differentiating and he gets overloaded, he leaves only Maths or so in 11th and 12th.  I am not able to understand Maths, I left it in 10th class, so I am going to teach it very easily, only the one who knows it very well can teach it easily.  Because in teaching that, my aim here is not to impress you that I have so much knowledge, I am already saying that I am very good and I am teaching it very easily and I am also telling you that you can learn it a little less.  You should know about taking it and it is a useful thing, the real teacher makes you pass like this, it is okay and teaches like this, otherwise if you go to learn any new thing, you will get excessively muddled, so today by making this role, I am telling you very simply that  Kendra Bhav Kendra Houses Kaun  These are your first house, fourth house, seventh house and 10th house. It is here, it is here, it is here and it is here. How are the first, seventh, fourth and 10th house facing each other? These are called Kendra Bhavas. The lords of the Kendra are very important. They are the pillars of life and they support each other. You will see that they are at 90 degrees to each other. Okay, so they are called centers. This is fixed. This is your life.  If you become like this, then you cannot do much with them, they are just like this, okay, then the second class classification is called Upachay House Upachay, you will also hear this is Yes, third, sixth, 10th and 11th, you can say free.  Your will moves only here, rest of the horoscope doesn't move anywhere else, Third House, I had taught you earlier, if you do n't understand then watch that video again or check your notes, Third House is yours.  Hobbies are in your hands, what are your talents, is in your hands or just the sixth house of diseases is in your hands, what will you eat, how will you get sick, will you take a loan, who will you make your enemy, do not join hands or  Fighting 10th house Karma, which one will you do? 11th house, which is the upachaya house, where will the money come from, you can choose, the rest is in your hands, a lot of things are fixed for you, there are many others.  Sometimes people do astrology and basically one thing is asked about free will and destiny, what kind of shape you will be born in, intelligence, you have no control beyond this, you have no control beyond this, it happened as if parents were there, they had face, color was that. So your fix is ​​done but remember this third, sixth, 10th and 11th is in your hands, rest brings your destiny and with these only you can change a lot, brother, what will be your hobbies?  How much courage will you have? How much will you eat? Will you get into trouble? Will you take a loan? Will you get sick from the food you eat or will you save yourself? What job will you do? What money will you earn? Life is largely in your hands. What is there to be so nervous about? Triangle House: This is also very important.  159 is called one 5 na first house fifth house ninth house and whenever we say that this house is in the center from that house it is in the center it means 90 degrees.  90 Counting of Houses I have already told you that if it is 90 degrees then anything is fourth house from someone else then it is called Kendra, so if I say who is the Kendra from the third house then the sixth house will come out and the last classification is Trik House Trik.  The triple houses are also called wicked or evil places. This is the one which belongs to everyone. It is not that it belongs to no one. In the horoscope, there are 12 houses occupying all the 6th and 8th houses.  This is the 12th house. These are a bit troublesome type. From the sixth house you will get illness, enemies will come from the eighth house, you have accidents, any troubles, sorrows. Okay, the eighth house is also related to in-laws. I will teach that later too. If you want to give significance to more relatives, then I will tell you but the 8th house is again a problem house and the 12th house is again the place of age and loss so they were clubbed 6.  8 12 were clubbed in such a way that if 6 8 12 becomes one, then the lord of Tirik Bhava has gone there, it has gone there, you will read some text, you will read books, okay, so whatever I teach you, you do the basics, many books for you too.  There will be no need to read, at least if you watch 4050 videos from me, then when you open the book of astrology, you will understand. Before that I am telling you, you will not understand at all, what do you say?  What is this, friend, which method has become part of the method, Swami, because from what is written in it, it is assumed that a lot is known, it is like just picking up some long thing without knowing the basics, so what can I tell you in simple astrology?  Have to listen, what is happening, what is happening, it will happen, otherwise if you pick up any classical text, you will still get nervous. Okay, so understand that, I am teaching it easily. Enjoy and channel. Subscribe and write in comments if you have any doubts, like, share and request which I will request every time in the end, please increase subscribers in the last 15 seconds because it is a duty that a person is teaching easily, please come new.  The channel is learn, everyone else has their own karma and that is theirs, because the third house, the house of hobbies, is in your hands, what to learn, what not to learn, what when to learn, then it is up to the people but.  You can recommend because if the subscribers increase then the enthusiasm will increase and then the videos will come and they will come very regularly and it will be fun because on this it is a very long journey in a very simple way and every day or even alternate day if you are watching the video then go slowly.  If you are staying, brother, you will learn a lot in six months, give me 10-15 minutes 5-10 minutes every day, just go for 10-12 minutes, then watch the videos peacefully, get into the quilt. If you are watching it during winter time then maybe after one or two years people are watching this, then there is no doubt that it will be summer at that time.