Hello friends, Destiny vs Freewill, both are English words. People take destiny towards luck and take free will towards karma. So, whenever there is a discussion on this thing in astrology, then people say that if destiny is  After hearing this, people feel that if everything is destiny, then why study, why work hard, whatever is meant to happen will happen. This remains an approach question. Secondly, people say that no, everything is free will, do your work, work hard, then you don't need anyone else, then there is discussion beyond this, I will tell you the astrological technique because if destiny is everything, then don't work, work has to be done. Then brother, what is this astrology husband and what is the meaning in it? Then there is no need, do your hard work, do your work, then I am going to tell you a very interesting technique, you listen carefully and see in which family you were born, it is destiny or this is destiny, that's all. same destiny Whatever happened to you, what do you do after that, your destiny is shaped by your free will, let us understand again in which family you were born, whether you had no hand in your hand or whether you were poor or rich, in which country you were born.  Where is the person who was born in America, now there are more chances of becoming Elon Musk, of becoming Jeff Buzzus, if some Chutku Muttu is born in an African country or if you are born in Syria, then how will you become from there, then it is all destiny. You can understand destiny in a better way in this way that when you were born, you got a canvas. Those who do painting are called canvas, which is paper, canvas is whose color it was, that is destiny, for some it is absolutely cream and white.  If you get it then it is the best, you can paint it in any color, the worst one is for the one who got black color, black color can be painted only with white or golden color paint, but what is not the best paint?  It can be done brothers  Sisters, whoever knows it, now let us understand it further. To understand it further, it is seen according to the horoscope. There is a percentage in every life of every person. The percentage is the percentage of destiny plus free will. Both of them added together will be 100%.  It is possible that whatever is going on in your life in your chart, at 50 you are following destiny, you are getting something due to luck and at 50, you are getting it due to your karma.  Those who are sitting with 50-50 are very strong personalities, it is a very good planet, it is a good ecosystem in a very good time, everything is good for them, then that karma becomes theirs at 70 when your life is going according to the destiny. At 70, you are following destiny, karma is 30%, so this is a very kind of life, this is not a great life because now you are dependent on destiny in everything, this is a weak personality.  Those who have a weak personality will depend on luck. Those who have a strong personality will depend on karma, but there is no 100% karma. You can cap it at 70 till 75. At 70, assume that if you are at 70, your luck is zero.  Even then you are 70 but you did such good work that you got 70 marks out of 100, which is a good life and if you are lucky.  We are running at 70 and very few are doing 30, so brother, we are sure of 30, now we are hanging in 70, your people understanding you like this will not explain us like this, now it will be like saying, do I want to tell you as an example in the country? One of our best examples will say that everything is possible through hard work, even a poor child can become a Prime Minister, you will say that even a tea vendor can become a Prime Minister, one should work hard, then I would have explained that also.  Yes, many people work hard, they also worked very hard, okay, but there was a lot of hard work, my age had also crossed 50 years, okay, but no one knew much, a lot of hard work was going on, but there is a better place in Bhuj.  Earthquake came, many people went in it and there was a situation of change of Chief Minister. Keshu Bhai Patel was there, so this Earthquake coming and Earthquake coming is destiny, hard work was going on but if this Earthquake does not come and this Chief Minister is in between.  Had the minister not had to be changed, then perhaps it was not due to hard work that the work was accomplished, or this is destiny, it was written in someone's destiny, this is luck, this is Yoga, this is Rajyoga, whatever you call it, you can take it somewhere or the other, so understand it yourself, it is hard work.  Should have but this also happened, what happened after that is rest is history, Chief Minister changed because party high command was not satisfied with how that Chief Minister was going.  About rehabilitation and whatever it was, it could be a political decision of the party, but this event happened, didn't this event evolve? Did someone's hard work evolve? It doesn't mean that any hard work in me evolves. Earth Coke has come, destiny was from that destiny.  If something happens to someone, this is a great example, you have to understand and these percentages are also found out, then you will know whose it is, there is no person who does not eat luck. Everyone eats, some eat less, some eat more and I can only eat if I work hard, 100% hard work is in your hands, it is the controllable labels, destiny is not controllable, but one more thing, explain it in the best way. I would like to tell everyone that what hard work you do today, your destiny decides after six years, 5 years and 4 years. You are not working hard, you are not studying, you are not adding value in your life. And  You don't have the capability to add value to the lives of others. You are wasting your time. You are stuck in wrong habits. You don't have any routine of getting up, sitting or sleeping. You do n't have any proper eating habits. So, this is what you are doing. Now.  This karma is in your hands, but these karmas become your destiny, the real destiny was that which you were born in childhood, you did not know where you were born, but whatever you did after that is also becoming your destiny, so yes.  With your free will you can control in some way your destiny this is also a tricky thing so I hope through these videos I am creating a base of you guys very good excellent and from that base you will get to learn a lot.  Base is very important because then I will start when I will tell about the houses, Moon sign, Lagan sign and then when I will start teaching astrology, then these things will not be discussed much, so through the initial videos, I will tell you this thing.  It is very important to explain because otherwise what is this one about astrology which I have posted in the previous video along with the one about objection, in which I had discussed it a little but here I have explained it in details in the example, so I hope you will understand this thing.  Understand it well and after understanding this thing, then you will watch the further learning with equal attention, but these six to seven videos of mine will be there in such a way that they will be making your base, these are the tips that I will give on sowing the seeds before sowing the crop.  I am preparing the ground before this so that you people get interested. Thank you very much for this.