Hello friends, the topic of astrology is Did you fight any one today, so when this video is being shot, today is the day, we will know from the comment section, did you fight, I am saying something or the other to someone or the other.  It must have happened to many people today. What is Dwadashi Tithi today? Take this knowledge from me today on Dwadashi Tithi. On the day of Dwadashi Tithi, the chances of some or the other banter generally increase. People have that emotional baggage.  It turns out that there will be a meme from someone or the other, whether it is in the parking lot or when you reach the office, whether it is with your wife in the morning breakfast or with your mother-in-law and daughter-in-law. Now you people will say, these fights keep happening, what is this, yes, they keep happening.  It always happens but on this date there are more chances, so what should you do, first mark it in the calendar, it comes twice a month, okay if it is today, it will last the whole day till night, okay, then this video which is available today people will see initially  It is okay for you to write this in the comment section and now you will see this pattern many times. Oh no no, this is a superstition, the fight happens every day, it is 30 days, everyone, I agree, but what is astrology, it is such a thing, brother, this and that.  You will have to observe, you will have to work equally hard every time, next time you can see, everyone has a patience test and on the day when there is more patience test, due to any reason, there are more fights on that day, then on this date you only have to  You have to do your work and show patience. People will definitely get irritated on you. You don't have to get counter irritated, it's just that the irritation levels will be high. With which people you have seen this thing in identification observation for so many years and also in the knowledge of astrology. And everything is there but we come and tell that thing openly and also do the trial because you can write in the comment section whether it will be for 100% people, there will be a fight for everyone, but not for everyone.  But from inside what is said is like it is very hot today, now someone deniers it, now someone is sitting in AC the whole day, then sitting in AC is like it is cold, today it is very cold, then as if the weather is said then it is very cold.  So, I am telling you that on the day of Dwadashi Tithi, people who are born on this day, if they do it a little, then the pattern in their life is also like this. Yes, you see for yourself, which Tithi is yours?  is the day you are actually born  He too will explain it well some time. This is a little advanced astrology, but I have only one useful thing to teach in my simple astrology, let me tell the people who want to watch it in a little three to four to five minute video.  You should immediately realize that yes friend, today is Dwadashi, it is with us, be careful again next time and when you will mark and on that day when you will see with you that friend, this is happening, this is being felt from inside.  there is traffic  Jam is irritating or wife is irritating or children are irritating or some junior in the office is talking or something or the other. How to tell such a feelingless maid has not come to someone's house on the same day. If there is more irritation then what?  If I try to become someone's maid, I give very good examples of housewives. You all know that if some day the maid is not available for work then she is a housewife.  Irritated is a default setting thing and especially when she comes after leaving without telling, then maybe she is mentally preferred. If she doesn't come anyway then there is irritation. What am I trying to say with this Dwadashi thing that if it is Dwadashi?  If the day she doesn't come then the irritation levels will be higher I hope now I have managed to explain on this example that suppose she dozen turn up  On four days unannounced then the woman will be irritated all the four days but if it is Dwadashi day and on that day she came unannounced then there was irritation here also but if this irritation was 40 out of 100 then it will be 80 out of 100, I just want to tell this.  I am sure that on this day there will be such an energy and such a system that whatever is the reason for the irritation, it will all be magnified. Lo, you mean it will be more then now that threshold is basically the threshold of your tolerance level which will be crossed soon on this day. Take this information and mark two days on the calendar, then the benefit from it is that do not bite more on this day.  You can have too many meetings on this day, too many of your own selfish desires, don't keep too many programs. This is the knowledge of astrology that on that day, life will throw something extra which I will be.  If I am not able to handle, then I should not commit too much from my side to anyone that I will come there, I will do this, I will do that also, because on that day when my own work is not going to be done, if that irritation happens then that.  If I remain light during the day, my day will be better. Please note it down in your diary. All these things are practical tips and spread them in your groups through this video. This real happiness and real productivity is being spread.  So please do spread it and first comment and then follow up that when was the last time, what was the date on that day, so there is no illusion, there is no fear, work has to be done, one has to get up, take bath, eat breakfast.  You have to go to office, all this but what do you have to do on that day, you know it is Dwadash Tithi, that day is coming tomorrow, day after tomorrow, I should sleep on time so that I am not running behind because that is due to irritation.  These are waking up late, not being able to reach office on time, getting entangled in unnecessary conversation with someone, getting entangled with someone over parking issues. I am only talking about these small daily issues, but I am not talking about the serious ones.  If the patterns remain like this then you have to be a little careful, a little not too much and I don't understand it easily. Please spread this thing. Please definitely spread it. Subscribe to the channel. A very good thing.  I want to tell you that recently we have done a very good workshop for the basic ultra beginners of Simple Astrology, you can take membership of the channel and you will see the workshop. If you do not want to take membership, you want to buy it only after cutting it. In the comment section, you will get only a small fee for a very small pizza. There was a 4-hour workshop in which we have explained everything in a well-structured way. There are also end slides etc. If you want to take it then definitely.  Definitely take it, what is it, in a structured way, you will have some access, there will be a framework, rest, even if you don't want to do it, then I am explaining things very well through simple astrology. Which are the doubts related to your astrology, which seem like misconceptions to you, people get scared, cat has crossed the path, nails should not be cut, not to be cut on Tuesday or hair to be cut, when to be cut, not to be cut, whatever such things are there, which were mommyor or  Whatever doesn't relate to you or you do n't understand, you must write it in the comment section because I will explain those things to you in a very logical, simple and very loving manner. In the coming time, I will tell Planet.  I will teach you my entire Moon and Saturn in a different way, I will tell you all about the planets, I will tell you about the zodiac signs and slowly I will take people directly to the eight classes and constellations here and they want to jump to that level.  No, this is simple astrology. Yes, this is a primary school, but after leaving primary school, you will understand it well. Here I will not take any PhD level topic right now, but I will tell you in a very simple way such things which are much advanced.  Those people do n't know, like if I ask a simple question and end it, why do these houses run anti-clockwise, why don't they run clockwise? Write in the comment section, this is how the clock runs, isn't it 12:00 at 1 o'clock?  2 o'clock 3:00 o'clock So in astrology, the first house is this, the second house is from here, why is the second, third, fourth, why is it like this? Could someone have done it like this? Is there any logic to why you did it like this? Is there any logic that you can think of? There is not much in the books anywhere.  It is written that many times you have to think why this happened, it is very important, thank you very much.