Hello friends, do not get into this true discussion if you want to learn astrology and you want to improve your life. I learned it myself and improved my life. Many people enter this discussion. How is this discussion, listen carefully as an example. I will tell many people who want to learn astrology and they say all these things and what not to say, I will tell them that there is a moon, right? Yes, it affects us like this, you know that tidal waves come and that effect happens like this, so if that effect happens, then there is water inside us too, there is water in our brain also, so that effect happens like this. Yes, we are Astrology.  This is how you get trapped in these cycles. I will tell you one simple thing. Fill a vessel with water, fill it completely and keep it on the slab of your kitchen. Some moon may come as per your wish, some may try it with you.  Amavasya Purnima, if even a drop of this or that spills, tell me, even a little bit, keep it full, that even if you blow like this, the water will come out. If you are using so much force, then you are getting caught up in all this.  You are deprived of learning big things, I am telling you again and again, whoever speaks like this is not scientific, you prove the fact, speak science, brother, don't come to learn science, it is not science, tell me, this is the story of grandparents, why should you learn it?  If you do n't have any science, you want to learn it, then join Bachelor of Science, go B.Tech, become a scientist, join ISRO, join DRDO, join NASA, go wherever you want, go and learn everything, if you want to learn it, otherwise you will keep yourself so busy in your mind.  You will get confused because when you learn a whole thing then there will be stagnation, there will be stagnation then there will not be much anger from inside. Okay, this is because of doing too many questions in that way. So I am doing that to teach you and on its basis I am making a common sense argument. As soon as the word science comes, run away and say it is not science. When a person is openly saying whether it is science or not, why argument now?  Now, there is no argument at all, this argument is there till the time the word science is being used, after that it is not there, say this is a pseudo science, say, there is no pseudo science, brother, nothing.  Does this have anything to do with science? Yes, there will be peace, then you will win, Armant will win, when 630 Sati will run, Negi will roam, you will ask my brother, please tell me, then the time is for the needy, not the greedy. Astrology for the needy, only those who are supposed to come will come.  The one who wants to take his benefit will take it away. You find that these debates are energy sucking discussions. You started reading one thing well and understood a little thing.  Your life started getting a little better, then someone came, a scientist and you know who that scientist is, he has not made me do anything in science because I say again and again that the real scientist is the one of real science, he is always the one. He remains curious, he does not remain in denial, he is never fearful, he never says never, he sees like this and tries to do something, okay, the rest of the scientists are roaming around like this.  You do n't need to do anything to them, tell me brother, nothing, it's all like this, time is passed, all this is an illusion, yes, it is exactly like that, don't worry, if you want to learn genuinely, I am telling you this basic class in simple astrology.  There will be six to seven to eight classes, three-four of my videos have come, three-four more of mine will come, these will clear your mind before you are ready to learn astrology now I am yes I know what I have to learn. After that I will teach you easily, the journey is very good, you have already walked on this journey, very good comments are coming, I know you all are also feeling very good, please subscribe if you are watching Edge A Forward and  There is one more request, learn with your family, it will be a lot of fun, if the husband is listening, then get the wife to subscribe, get the children to subscribe, yes, children can be scientists, it is okay, they should be, okay, okay  Tell them things, then listen to them, take as much passion as you can understand. There is a simple logic that brother, after one and a half to two months, life starts becoming stable and fun, then continue watching and it seems that no, I am not understanding anything, something should happen.  If there is nothing left, then don't look, there is no expense or water in it, sister, free suits are being shown, okay, so come comfortably, watch and enjoy, it will make no difference, then what is there when the man himself is not convinced of that thing.  You What will you do to convince someone and whoever wants to be convinced, come and put effort in convincing, because that is the question, you do not have to answer the questions, when you say something, it is the proof of the pudding, these are some times in eating it.  Let's see how this is, conserve energy for those who want to learn and whenever something comes up say something, it is not science, it is not pseudo science, it is stories of grandparents, stories of fairies.  Stories are enough, then there will be no conversation after this, don't get involved in this discussion, the moon does not work like this, but you tell me brother, things have been written at a very conceptual level, we go there, you do your work right now.  The real moon is working, the fake one is working, your inner self is doing something. How does it make a difference? I have said it again and again, like an elephant in a chase is not an elephant, a horse is not a horse.  Is that a horse? Its nomination is that it will look like this, we will call it a horse or it will walk like this, this elephant will walk straight like this and this one will walk like this and this camel will walk like this and this queen will walk like this and the born will walk like this, that's it, we have made a rule.  If you add logic then tell me that the king will act like a curtain, a king is a king, a king should act like everyone else, here you have made a queen, it is a game, it is a game, so this is also a game, it is made up. Otherwise you will say that Sun is not a planet at all. In the future you will say that Sun has nine planets, what planet is Sun, what planet is Moon, what planet is Moon, satellite, Sun, oh brother, again you have entered into too much debate, then you have to tell, the Sun also rotates and who did it?  I had told that people have just come to know about this, these are the things that we have written, so it has been known for a long time that the sun also rotates, brother, like the sun, all the planets rotate around it, the sun is also rotating, the thing that is rotating is someone else's.  he has his Loose noun can be given, Moon is a satellite but it is rotating, so it is rotating only on this meaning of Moon, everyone is rotating on everything, whenever a person gets too engrossed in this roaming around and this explanation.  You get away from whatever is happening on your chart and in your life, then you go to become a scientist, then you become a Universe Frequency Big Bang Theory Astro Physics Scientist, Quantum Physics and  If you want to go there then go there, otherwise go there then see if you find peace there, we are talking about peace, sometimes people find peace in eating food, some people find peace in eating pizza, some people find peace in potatoes.  If you find peace in eating beyond, then come wherever you find it, there is no need to take stress on this, you will also find Astrology Group inside a comment section where we keep doing different webinars, like we have to do some webinar on Friday also.  which now  If it is happening then the notification keeps coming, sometimes there is a fee of ₹, sometimes there is a fee of ₹, sometimes there is a token fee, sometimes it is 51, sometimes it is 101, sometimes it is 151, there are just such nominal fees, you can join them. Want to learn, you can learn them also because you have to pay fees for their platform where it is conducted. Okay, so you join. If you already know a little bit of astrology then the rest who are learning are A for L.  B for Buy, that will definitely be taught, so please share the video and that Sango Astrologer Subscribers Group is Sango Saral Jyotis Subscribers Info Group, you can join that group, there is no spam of anyone on that group, there are no messages, it is completely closed.  This is a group, no one can even put any message, it is just an info group and you will get information about the things that are happening because here again and again  If it becomes very difficult to give through video, then do it. It is a very silent group, no one can see anyone's number, no one can harass anyone, there is no spam, there is no such thing, there is great peace and information is shared there. You can take advantage of many things and that information. Thank you very much.