Hello friends, let me tell you an interesting thing and if you are making this mistake, then do not make this mistake. Teach them what they are doing. It is a matter of astrology. You must have seen many people eating food on the bed in the room. Okay, so if you have understood the significance of astrology.  Have you understood? Otherwise I will tell you right now. It is not like that but those who have some knowledge of astrology will know it and if you don't know then I am telling you two things, bed and food. If you have seen, what we eat is what we eat. Second house is called second house, food is like that.  And the bed is your 12th house. The bed is seen from the 12th house. The bed is called the 12th house, so you know the 12th house and consider it bad. The second house is of our assets and also of money, so when you eat on the bed.  If you eat then you have made a profit of 2nd and 12th in your life. So as soon as you have made a profit of 2nd and 12th in your life, your money will not last, it will be spent on useless things. How many people will you get from this thing? Don't eat identification, don't eat food while sitting on the bed and please tell this video to the people in your house and with this it is not that there is some superstition or how will it be done like this, you can identify yourself in many videos like this which you What do you combine things with? If you know how to do these combinations, you can live in the significative way of these basic houses and that is the basic which are my classes. If you have not attended the things which I have given in the beginning.  What does the house show, which house is related to which thing and in the future also I will keep telling about the things in Signify, like I told you today that the bed is a bed, it is the 12th house, food is our second, if both of them  If you do something then you have done it to them, then you have to avoid doing this work. Whatever you do, please avoid it and write that ji Guruji will definitely avoid it. I have made someone's athlete list and also see the pattern and whoever eats it also does it. Remember, if you ever used to eat, then also remember that when I used to eat, then my expenses used to be reduced to water, so please you can also spread this thing, not subscribe to the channel.  If you have done this, you can do it, if you go to the video section, you will get videos where these basic things have been explained, your zodiac signs, your houses, planets and basic things have also been explained, go and watch them, then you will start understanding these things. Thank you very much