Hello friends, Celebrations and Astrology, I will tell you a very unique thing which will impact many people and you will get to know many things better, you will enjoy it more, note it down. Do you understand that celebration can be of birthday, can be of promotion, can be of home.  It is okay to have a wedding, it is okay to have celebrations in our human life, which people should not celebrate, should they keep it high or low key because if they do this celebration every time, it will give them a bitter taste in their mouth.  There will be tribulations in their life, they will not be able to do anything or they will cry or they will feel like money has been wasted. This happens to many people, to whom it happens, I am going to tell through this video that this video will help you a lot.  People have to share it, the pain of many people will go away, this video is some commemoration which I am going to disclose through this video, please note it down somewhere and first of all tell me, does it ever happen that if you celebrate someone, then someone  made a face or  That act was for your happiness and you did not get that much happiness and the raita got spread in it and the same raita got into trouble and you keep wondering friend why did I do this and there is a pattern in the life of these people and this is never the case  You can observe, starting from a small tea party, there should be a meaningful celebration, be it of anything, it will have to be kept as Loki, I cannot say that do not do it at all and live in the court and I am not saying that either, but very  gorgeous  They will have to remove that thought from their mind about love and some celebration will give them happiness. They will have to remove this thing. Sometimes what happens is they just do it for the sake of doing it. When we do not expect much then sadness does not come. So who are these people? What is this?  The combination is Saturn, which is Saturn. If the planet is in your fifth house or Saturn is in your Leo sign, then this is your combination. You cannot do this. Now how many people are there who  How many are sitting with communion, whose father's is in it, mother's is in it, why is it in wife's, then if anyone in the family has it, then he should not be the main one, why would he do that, then there will be these issues, how many people will now take identification with this?  You sit or sit with Saturn in the fifth house, there are only two things: Saturn is in the fifth house of the horoscope, Saturn is in the fifth house of the horoscope or Saturn is in your Leo sign and Leo sign can be anywhere. If these two are present then  There will be more in the fifth house and there will be a little less in Leo too but the story will definitely play out, so if you sit with it then there will be one more thing in it, the third thing which I told, you will not even feel like celebrating this too.  There is a fact that other people will tell you 'Pati de pati de paati', it is not about miserliness. It is not about miserliness. What is the problem at times? If a man does not give you a party for anything, then it is considered that he is stingy. No, no.  This will happen to you, you generally wo n't feel like it, this is also a fact, so if you don't feel like proposing, then it is right, check yourself, you are sitting with Saturn in the fifth house, you are sitting with Saturn in Leo, look at it, this is simple astrology, yes this astrology which  I think one of the channels is mine, others are also doing good work, I am not saying that I am the one who will enhance astrology, I am with every astrologer, the astrologer community is very good.  And there is no competition here, every person is pushing through his own means, Sanatan is our old knowledge of Vedas, astrology is fine, this is a very good thing for our country and the easier it is to do, the more it will become famous and practical when it works.  He will do it, then you will not need to watch Dhruv Rathi's videos that this is all nonsense, astrologers loot everything, everyone loots like that, and astrologers alone loot a little.  Everyone loots and everyone loots, so it is not like that, okay, you cannot associate profession with that thing that it is professional and this is one thing, you cannot do like this, I am telling you today, do it, see it, work it.  How many unique things have I told brother and how many special things have I told, specific things have been told, Saturn is in the fifth house, Saturn is Leo celebration is Loki, keep it, don't jump too much because every time you will try to.  Do Big Se Brash You Will End Up With Bitter Taste That bitter taste can happen due to any reason, there was no fun in the function, there was distress in the function or some of the things we were celebrating backfired or many people celebrated first. Many people do that, it is not as much fun as it was supposed to give, there is something wrong in the story, it will look like this, you have to observe and if it is not happening, then write that also so that I have included it in it. Off course, this is old knowledge, reasoning is everything, but the number of people who observe and how many out of 100 it is working out is that in someone's case maybe one half may not do it due to reason or Jupiter only.  I sat with you there or there is something that reduces it a little bit, then it will have less impact but the general feeling will definitely be like this one from extreme feeling of not wanting to do and feeling.  Of Not Enjoying While Doing It And Not Being Able To Do Many times what will happen, let me tell you one more thing, I feel like doing it but am not able to do it, sometimes it also happens that I am not getting time, I have to have a party.  If you want to celebrate something, it's your anniversary, brother, if it's your anniversary, then go out to eat with your wife, take your wife shopping, like many people do, 25th wedding anniversary.  20 Those invitations were given to 150 people, 500 people, don't do those things, if you are sitting with this advice, no one is saying anywhere that do n't celebrate at all, don't enjoy life, don't enjoy life at all, but tell them the difference between high key and low key.  I am wondering how big a scale I have to take it, I have to sit with my family members, cut the cake, eat halwa puri, do puja, buy some clothes, it has to be done, life is one thing, it has to be done, no one can stop it at all.  I am definitely doing it, I have to enjoy it, I have to do it with the family members, but 800 people, 100 people, 200 people, there would be an issue there and Guruji would say about marriage, what to do in the marriage, now that too is a tricky situation, now whoever is sitting with it, then whatever.  He is sitting with the thought that he may not be a front runner, just push him and do the rest, don't jump in first and be a little detached because there will be marriages and  If 100-200 people come, they will come, we cannot stop them, but if we know that it is so, then we have to be a little careful that there is a little something here, just this much, it kind of arouses desires, not many people that  If there is a celebration, then I do n't know what mood will be great and what fun and enjoyment will be had. There are many people, it is a lot of fun, many people sit with such a commotion, we will discuss beyond that sometime, those who are  There is fun in parties, there is joy in attending as well as in attending, I have heard a lot, oh man, yesterday there was a party, it was fun, now it was like I was also in the party and I was like man, how mean is he speaking loudly.  It was fun, where did you enjoy it, what was the meaning, but I am not judgmental, I am a Guruji, I think, what kind of a combination is he sitting with, that it extracts the juice, extracting the juice is also an art of its own in life, a normal one.  In a Mandan party where people come and eat and drink, say hello and do a little dance and enjoy it, that too is a blessing, to have fun and enjoy and it is not within everyone's power to enjoy this, so this is one of those things.  There are different things and one thing is that brother, you have not come, if you make too much noise, you will do it quietly, then it is okay, then this is yours, then this was the message, you will definitely find it in the comment section of Astrology Webinar Info Group. Join, membership has been opened on the channel. You can take this membership. We had done a basic workshop of at least 10 to 12 webinars. You will also get the recording of that for four hours. You will enjoy it. Take the membership and see, there are 10, 12 more.  In the future, the programs will continue to be held every month, you will get access to it, it has its own video, you will enjoy watching it, you will get membership once, I will request those who want to know astrology a little better and bigger.  If you want to learn more in a structured way, then take membership. You will get access to two videos, watch it comfortably, make notes and enjoy, but for now simple astrology will continue. Normal subscribers will also get a lot, will get it at slow pace, will get it at easy pace, will get it at digestible pace.  You will get it only then if you reach somewhere in astrology, come here on HiFi and start talking, whatever goes from above, which you cannot check in your life, whether the truth spoken is a lie, if it is working, then it is not fun.  This is the technique that I told you today, look at your charts, everyone has 10-12 charts in the family, look at them and then ask that person, ' Friend, this is what is happening with you, this is what happens to you, only when you do this, only then will your conveyance happen.' Jaggi ki yaar all this is working thank you very much