Hello friends, this is for all my brothers who say that we do not believe in astrology, the topic is Do you believe in astrology, so normally you will get two answers whenever you ask this question to yourself or ask someone, brother, you do you. Believe in Astrology, the next one will say yes or someone will say no, then today we will focus on Believe only and will see if there can be a third answer as well. Brothers and sisters, this is going to be a very interesting video.  I am preparing a base for all of you to learn astrology, so whenever a question is asked to you or you ask someone, then understand it. Are you okay? Do you believe in astrology? Yes brother, we do believe brother.  Sir, we do not have any faith, we do not get involved in these cycles, we have to listen to both of them, one is also a popular YouTube, Dhruv Rathi is fine and there are two-four others like him, who by doing this, these astrologers are betraying the faith of the innocent public.  If you earn money by doing then the word is Vishwas, there too Vishwas is again called Belief, Believe, Believe in English, this is what we say, Trust is like this, yes, it is absolutely right, wherever there is trust, there is trust which is broken, then there is no need to have trust.  Now you say, what are you saying now, higher order videos remain, yes, my astrology, anyway, low IQ people cannot learn this, at least a little, IQ above low IQ is required, I am not saying that very high IQ is required, but one  You need more than average IQ. Those who are not able to do so much reasoning, even second order thinking on subtle things will be difficult. If you listen with an open mind, now you will understand. Let's try again, I believe in God. Now from Astrology, God can be understood.  Okay ahead, believe in such a God, whenever you remember, whenever this word is used in life, faith and believe, it means that it is not true, now you will say how do you believe that Modi ji is.  Prime Minister of India Do you believe No no I don't believe Is it a fact Delhi is the capital of India or Chandigarh Capital of Haryana in Punjab Do you believe this fact No you don't believe it is a fact You know it  Do you believe that you have two hands? The two you are sitting with are visible, so now this will I say I believe I have got two hands, I am not.  I will say I know I have got two hands so in life now we have to learn astrology then it will be taught then after that you will not say I believe in astrology you will say I know how astrology works I will take you on that journey when you don't  You will say to someone that I believe in this, as long as you believe, you will find people to break your belief, but when you know something, how will anyone break it? Now Delhi  This is the capital of India, how can anyone break it, how can anyone take advantage of it, you already know that when you invest on Borrowed Convenience, Arjun will come to the airport, it will become a jewel, it is like this.  So beyond that, there can be deception because everything is based on belief. Wherever there is belief, there is trust, there can be a mistake, so beyond that, we should not invest, neither emotions nor time in life, we have to learn the thing, either we learn the thing.  If you will not be able to learn it or you will not be able to learn it, then you should use such terms in life with this kind of astrology, I know astrology, I know how astrology works, you can say this or you can say this, I do n't know how astrology works or you can say this.  You can also say, I don't want to know how astrology works, I don't want to learn, I don't feel like learning, where believing in this is the mess, you understand the deep thing, I am teaching you, you are learning, you you  When this is my channel, when you will follow the channel of astrology on one side and why this channel on one side, because in the coming time you will see that I will not come and say like this, for the people of this zodiac sign, it will be like this in transit, this will be like this, I will tell you this. Why will this happen, I will tell you these rules only now, because what is there for me right now, as I will teach them, they will keep coming in two, four, six or 10 months, my small videos will keep coming and will keep teaching you, but the transit in between.  This is also happening so I will have to make it, now Rahu Ketu is transiting so I will have to make I can't wait to teach you astrology for 6 months and that means on time and if this thing comes then it will come. Presuming that those people who are already interested in Astrology and know something else already and they are sitting above A for Apple, if they come to make sentences then that video will come only on time because  Many things, events cannot be waited for, but when I tell them and I explain to them, I will tell them in such a simple way because the name of the channel is Sango Simple Astrology, then you will start understanding that this is the formula Guruji has told me.  Well, this is how it happens in this house, if it goes here, this is our yearning, this is our obsession, this is this, Rahu will do this, then in that you will not go to those channels because you have to go to them again and again.  What will happen to me now? What will happen to me now? You will learn. When you learn then you will not say that we believe in this. You will say that I know it. I know it. Whoever knows it, beyond that, then the word 'belief' will be removed.  And the one who doesn't want to learn will say, I don't want to learn, I don't want to know, but he has no right to say that I don't believe, what is faith, what is the system of belief, 400 years ago there was no electricity.  It comes and this light is visible. If such a recording were made then I do n't know what people would understand, so what is there to believe in it? And something works and something dozen works and you find out how it works and it works for you and  You Find Out That It Dozen Work If It Dozen Work Then You Leave It You Say Mere Ko Nahi Karni Work I Found Out That Why Trust Is Evolved Trust Is Evolved Because People People are lazy, it is very easy to believe, brother, we have a lot of faith in you. Why are you believing brother? Brother, I make these investments, you know, there is real estate and the rest is investment and there are 25,000 other things also in it.  If someone hangs your trust on ours, don't trust us. Use your wisdom because it will be beneficial in life. If you trust me then you wish before that if nothing happens then you have broken the trust, this is lazy thinking.  If we believe in lazy people who are roaming around, then whoever has faith will be betrayed. If you go by the rules, first go by the rules, then if you say no, there is no betrayal, apply your mind, what is the disease, who is the doctor, what is the qualification.  What is medical science and what else do we need so much, so much, don't trust, don't, don't, when you drive things, on what basis do you drive that I know how to drive, I have faith that nothing will happen in my car, there will be no accident.  when the road crosses  If you do it, do you do it only on faith that I have faith that the other driver will see me and will not hit me and brother, I have faith, today do you drive or cross the road with your eyes and ears open because if you have faith then people will remain scared. Why are so many people scared in life because they do n't know how to live life, they don't know what to do, they are walking on faith, everyone will believe, they will have to believe, we have to believe in many things, that too me.  I know, but if you believe in everything then  Stress will increase, many things are under your control, many things are not under your control, there you will have to believe, you cannot do anything, but those things which you can know about, recognize, understand, then you can do it.  There is no need, if you know how milk is tested, what is lactometer, then you do not need to believe in milk, he gave the milk, you put it in it, you know that water is put in it, what is this put in?  But you should have that much knowledge and not something like this  It happens that you will keep believing that I have faith in you, even if you give me good milk, he will betray the trust, this is also a message, so whenever something is taught or explained, then you have to judge whether I understand it.  It is working for me, I am benefiting from it and when the benefits start coming, you start understanding, you start liking it, and you know how it works then you will not talk that I believe then you  This much is  I will make it within two months to three months that which is good astrology, which is bad, which is nonsense, which is looting money, which is genuine, how does it work, how is it beneficial, you will understand this much and whatever channel.  Will remain a subscriber after two-three- four months, he will not say ' I have faith' because those who have faith in me, I have to call those who do not have faith, if you do not have faith then come, work hard, learn a little.  And then you don't understand after learning  Whether I come or not, do the workout or if it is beneficial to you, then tell me that now I have come, you will not say that I do not believe in astrology, then you will say that astrology does not work, then you will not say the word believe, I want to remove this believe word, I want you with astrology.  There is a campaign to remove the word 'Know It Works' and 'You Know It Dozen Work' and 'Believe Word' and I have to succeed. If you guys support me in this, I will do it a little faster and  If you don't give then brother, I will exert my force. It is bound to happen because this quality knowledge of our country has not been told to the people in this simple manner and when many people do not join then there are always dogs and that is also a deliberate attempt because otherwise all  Everyone will take advantage, everyone has started believing, trust again word, everyone has started knowing, then how is the advantage, this is also there, so stay connected, to bring peace in your life, to bring happiness, you will have to work a little, subscribe this channel. You might not have eaten such dishes anywhere else as you will get here. You might have visited many channels of astrology. The real thirst of Ketu is your thirst, this is your quencher. Okay, I am telling this as a creator, I will tell it in a simple way, I will not get too technical, I am also telling this. If a child of 12 to 14 years of age joins then he can also understand it and can understand it very easily, so please share the video, I have a request to increase the subscribers because like  Subscriber base increases and your whole heart chakra from inside, which is called the heart chakra, opens, the heart chakra should be open, it opens, but if the good one opens, then the man does not stop him, that is, I told you this.  Gave that, told more, told less than this, all will be told well, like, comment, good, bad, I never speak like this, normally I have many other channels, I don't speak like this, but I will speak here, don't make any bad comments.  do it because you want to learn  Don't make bad comments. If you don't understand then this one is called 'Don't come to eat food at a dhaba' but do n't write bad because I do n't want to waste my energy on other channels. Whatever you want to write, go and write it, my nephew.  There are many channels, four more channels are running, my youtube0, ask, I will satisfy all curiosities, because if knowledge cannot satisfy curiosity, knowledge cannot give you immediate pleasure, it cannot give you joy.  If it cannot give immediate pleasure, if it cannot lead to immediate liberation, then that knowledge is useless. This is a test, this is a very big test. If you are getting a good feeling from somewhere after listening to my words, then only it is useful. Other wise, then it is useful.  If it's not your thing, then if you are enjoying then stay connected, you will get to learn a lot of good things in future and I will make this base for you with seven-eight videos, after that you will start your 12 house zodiac sign and planet and by knocking.  We will go on and it will go smoothly, there will be no confusion and if there is a little too much, I will remove that too, so it is a journey, it is a very good journey, our Navratri is going on, good time is going on, good winters are coming ahead, good hot milk with turmeric in it.  Drink together, sit comfortably with your wife or husband and learn a little, then you will start understanding what is happening in your life. When you start understanding, then everyone is wise, so you can live your life in a very good way.  we will live well So please share this video with everybody thank you very much