Hello friends, I will teach you these things very easily, today we will talk about how a horoscope of houses is generated in your software, then it has houses in it, you will see the boxes like this and they move anti-clockwise, so the first house is  Here there are 12 o clock and then it moves anti-clockwise. The numbers written inside them are the numbers of the zodiac signs. Many people are related to me in the same way. In astrology right now A is for Apple and B is for Boy. So then the sentence.  If you start making it then I am teaching it from scratch. If a 14 year old child or even a 13 year old child wants to learn, he will easily learn some maths and there is no need for it. There is a simple thing about your horoscope, there is a complete horoscope of 360 degrees.  There are 12 houses in it, 12 houses are also called 12 houses, so many times people get confused, I will keep clearing the terminology in every video. If you pick up something in English then it will be called Houses. Hindi of Houses becomes House and hold the third thing Bhava, that is the same thing, first house i.e. Ascendant and then that two, second house, third house, fourth house, so this will be Hindi, okay after that English.  If it is first house, second house, third house, fourth house, if any sentiment is expressed, then there is no need for you to get confused in this, what is seen from each house of the houses, it will work in the best way as a sub-class, there will be no long videos, only short videos.  will be one  The same thing will happen, just hold on to that thing, open a diary of yours, write it on the diary page and there is no need to write more than two or three lines in that entire video, these are small videos, just that, if that is yours then from this video.  We learned that there are 12 houses, there are 12 zodiac signs and every house has a zodiac sign and the number you see in whatever horoscope is generated, you see the number, there is a number in those houses, that is not the number of the house.  Many people say that I have four houses.  Yes Guruji, I have four houses visible, they are not four houses and the one which is visible above in the beginning, you start from here, those zodiac signs are four, when I will cover those zodiac signs separately, then I will tell you that also in a very good way. People, you should do that, first start from home, I am going to tell you this thing in a basic simple astrology, even a good astrologer does not know it, sometimes ask someone from whom you go to know this thing and start in simple astrology.  I am teaching the beginning class  I have a mind that you all have like a clock. In our clock it is 12 o'clock, which means it is here and then it moves anti-clockwise from tooth 4, 5, 6. So, why are these houses moving like this in astrology?  Counting your wires also: This is the first house, this is the second house, third house, fourth house, fourth house, fifth house, sixth house, seventh house, eighth house, ninth house, 10th house, 11th house, 12th house. Why like this?  Why does it move anti-clockwise? Ever ask anyone that it moves anti-clockwise because it liberates you in life, opens you up, astrology takes you towards salvation and opens you up, so whenever something has to be opened, it is like this.  They rotate it anytime, see it, they take it down like this, after applying chillies, they also remove it anti-clockwise, if you want to tie anything, then it is tied clockwise like this, see it anytime, if anyone has any interest in it. If there is any thing like this, I have to tie it, then I will tie it like this, clockwise and the time to open it will be like this, if any thing should be known, then it gets opened, hence it is anti-clockwise.  A little more math, we will not do that much math, everyone knows 360 degrees. If it is all ours and there are 360 ​​degrees in it, like there are 12 slices of pizza, then if there are 360 ​​degrees and there are 12, then there are 12 slices in one.  How many degrees will come 360 ​​diva 12 means how much is 30 degrees, that is why the first house here is 30 degrees, this is a total of 30 degrees, after that we go to the second house, 60 degrees, the third house is 90 degrees, see like this, it starts from here, 30 like this, 30 degrees will continue for you.  Here your fourth house will start at 90 degrees. It will come like this. It will come like this. Okay, so do n't get too confused about the degrees. Later you will know the whole story.  What kind of house is it? Every house is of 30 degrees. It should be known why it is so because there are 12 houses and the total everything that is around is 360 degrees. If it is right then 360 degree diva ba 12 one is 12 houses.  Just remember that they move anti-clockwise and the houses are not written in the horoscope, they are counted automatically, this is the most important thing, do not forget that if you propose.  Like when I look at the clock, even if 1 2 3 4 5 6 is not written on the clock, even if there are more dots on the clock, I still tell the time because I know that three will strike here, four will strike here, this is the same system anti  It is clockwise, nothing else and what is written inside are the zodiac signs, the numbers are of the zodiac signs, you should know this, ok thank you.