Hello friends, normally I do not make videos by watching them directly but today I have to read something for you people and I am connecting it to astrology, I am connecting it to Ketu song, it is the song of Ketu, if you understand it then you can also listen to it. I will tell you its lyrics. By activating End Ketu, something good happens in life. It is very important to do this. Even big people who have reached very high positions and big leaders also activate them.  We have to do this in our daily life to say that brothers and sisters, we are fakirs, we will carry the bag, it is not that this person is telling you, that person is telling himself, this is to activate our Ketu. Okay, so today one  There is a song by Joust karke uski chor relix karke hai aap aya mere ghar ek chor lyrics, I am telling you the lyrics, come and say, give me whatever is yours, the thief came to him, he said, chor ne Give me whatever is yours, I said, take my name also, take my work also, take my Ram also, take my Shyam also, it means that you are ready to leave the religious identity as well, you have to leave the work and the name too. Ready, take my name too, take my work too, after that I am jumping because he lives like that, take my victories too, take my defeats too, take my fears too, take my home too, take my dreams too. take my secrets too  Because all these are restrictions, dreams and fears, it's okay, take my sorrows too, take my wounds too, again sorrows also hold us, wounds also hold us, take my caste too, take my status too, take away that of my caste.  Meaning you rent from the community, I am here, I am here, I am here, the one here is also unhappy, the one here is also unhappy, you all know, some have reservation, some don't, take it, come take it, okay.  Take my wounds too, take my caste too, take my words too, take my circumstances too, whatever you see of mine, take me, whatever you see is the best line, take me whatever you see and whatever is not visible, take me Ketu is again something which is not there  It is also visible, take me to the end, what that person says is, make me free, make me free, make me free, this is what we are, if I connect it with Sanatan or connect it with astrology, it is okay.  Because in Sanatan there is the concept of salvation to oneself and Ketu is the planet that gives salvation, so if I add it beautifully then this is Ketu so hai Ketu song, okay you listen to it once or twice a week and it will give you relief not that you are doing all that  I am leaving but you are like that I can leave, when the moment comes in your life that it is okay friend, I will leave, what is there will be seen, it will be seen if you see the essence of Geeta ji.  Neither Geeta ji is in Haryana nor the essence of Geeta ji, we people of Haryana have squeezed it in two words because this is what was preached, so yes, there are one or two words of Haryanvi, it will be seen by us, now those people should do the same, do not wish for the deeds, then that. All the verses and chapters should be read, but we Haryana have a little profession, maybe less and it is a little martial area, this is our fight and quarrel and all the wars, Kurukshetra happened here, knowledge was given, Panipat happened here, even if all the shoes ring here,  If shells are fired then you know this area is fine then the people here have taken out its essence and will be seen this Geeta Ji Geeta Ji is also of Ketu if you see it is the giver of salvation then Ketu Geeta Ji Haryana will be seen and this song  You internalize these four things and I am telling you a very simple thing in life, if you can do this too, whatever is coming in your life, whatever good or bad, let it come and whatever is going, let it go.  A in politics  You see, he is coming, he is leaving us, concentrate on what is left, don't stop the one who is going, don't stop the one who is coming, something is coming, anything is coming, wealth is coming and going, there is glory.  Respect is coming, some of this is going, become a little detached, Sara, this is sorrow, isn't it, this is Rahu, I have to catch it, Ketu is free, this is Ketu, what should I leave, only then I say, Ketu, you have done a lot of ding in your house.  He has kept me in the family of big people, not in the family of Ketu, hey friend, you will create a fight in our house, this one is getting things taken out, it is coming out like this, so Ketu, why do you have to leave when your work of leaving is done, right?  Take me, I had made a video of Ketu earlier also, ask a small child and he will give a toy and he will do it like this, Ketu is great who can do like this, now you cannot do anything about them, most of the children are born by nature but at some stage,  As soon as we gain knowledge  Isn't it true that one day one has to leave life? You have seen how many people leave life. Many people live as if they never have to die. Many people live life as if they never have to die. Their actions are like this.  That's it, man, they feel like they never have to die and when the time comes for these people to die, when the time comes for these people to die, they behave as if they have never lived, okay so you have to live a life.  that when  Whenever someone's time will come, you can go, he will not be spared, creatures are not spared, many people also have this problem, okay, so we have to keep the element of Ketu high, this song strike me and its lyrics strike and these songs and lyrics should be kept high. Whatever you heard, write in the comment section and let the comments come that yes, how did you feel about this and how did I link because this is simple astrology, my M is.  Through the channel, you have to easily attract people towards astrology, you have to connect them and not show it in complexity that yes man, how is it not even close to identification, even then all of you check where is your Ketu and in which house is it sitting, Astrologer  Whatever kar elements of that house are there should be significant i.e. my brothers and sisters who are sitting with Ketu in ascendant, it is better if they remain detached in their life because otherwise they will become restless if they are not detached.  You will be rested. You are sitting in the 11th house with Ketu in the 11th house. Brother, the more you remain detached from money, the more will come. The more you remain detached, the more will come. You are sitting with Ketu in the second house. You will not run much after assets. You will not run much after food.  The food and dishes will be as good as you will get, just as it happens with many people that what has to be made in food, make what is good in food, if you eat what is made, you will get good and  As soon as Ketu sits in the second house and says, 'Farmaishi program, this is not right, that is not right, I will never be satisfied again, this is a simple technique which I have taught you, look anywhere, now Ketu is yours, somewhere, there, wherever, detached.  You will have Ketu sitting in the 10th house, you will have to leave the job, you will have to leave this job and take another job, the more you try to concentrate, the more you will run after promotion, Ketu.  The more you try to get your things done in the 10th house, the more you will be dissatisfied. Brother, you have to do that in a detached way only. There you have to become a servant, wherever Ketu is, you have to bow your head there too. Ketu is sitting in the fifth house in front of his children.  Say like this, what can I do for you? Good morning son, hello daughter, it means we have to live like this, what can we do for you, if you do this then there will be no dissatisfaction, the relationship will be good.  Otherwise, wherever Ketu goes, it will spoil your relationship. Ketu in the fourth house does not get along with the mother. Mother is always angry because you should be her servant. You are not able to please the mother because wherever Ketu sits, she feels bad.  You want that, he wants this, if you don't do this, then it is over and what is the problem of the one whose Ketu is sitting there, this is also the problem of the one whose Ketu is sitting there, he doesn't have it, no, I will not do it in front of them, okay in front of us children. We are inclined towards children, yes, you are sitting in the 5th house, it is possible that it will work in the 5th sign also, it is fine, but in the 5th house, it will work 100% in the 50th sign, but this is a simple rule of astrology, I told you that what  Whatever house is told will be given correspondingly, it is fine, but right now I hold on to the houses. If Ketu is sitting in the fifth house, then brother, you will have to bow down before the children and as much as you can.  The more you bend, the more you will get the love of children. The more children will listen to you, the more you bend, the more you will listen, the more love you will give, the more respect you will give, and the more you bow down, the more you will not be, this is the problem with you, the biggest one is okay, so I told you in a simple way, how did you like the Ketu song and listen to it. Spread it is very important. Okay, I will keep bringing such simple topics. For you all, do watch and subscribe the channel. You will find a simple astrology group in the comment section. If you are looking for something beyond that.  There are information webinars. If you have not joined it already and have interest in astrology then you can join. You can take membership of the channel. 20 to 25 very good videos and webinars have been uploaded. You will get access to some higher level knowledge in one go.  It will be a little paid, for that you will have to take membership of the channel. Thank you very much.