Hello friends, this is an important topic for astrology, what should you use, software etc. I talk about it, there is a free software which comes for free, which is quite good, you can use it as you progress in astrology.  If you know how then you can also take the paid one, there is a difference of accuracy in that, the paid ones are used when you want to become an astrologer yourself and consult others but when you want to learn. So AstroSage also has an app, I am not promoting anyone, I am taking some half- names, I am fine, so you can take one of these, that too will fix the d1 chart, now what is happening in d60 or many times?  What happens if your Lagan is of 29 degrees, then in one house, the Lagan will show here, in another one, it will show there, it can also be exactly that degree in minutes, if you go that one house is of 30 degrees, then consider the Lagan as yours.  20 29 degree point is of something, then it can be here and there in the point, it can be here also, here also there can be a half planet which is on the cusp, absolutely here and here too, this happens but you give me this.  Please tell me, you can use this, which is even better one, it is ok, you can download it in laptop etc., if you want to use it in phone etc., then there are many names, there are many names, it is very free, adopt it.  Then they also have a paid feature, okay they can do that is one second thing is that this 0 minute ₹ 50 ₹ minute astrologers should not even go to the astrologers, you people do not get any clarity in this and this is by the  Dozen is normal now, it is not ethical on our fraternity. Tell me more about this. I will also tell you that neither am I trying to do any social service by coming here, nor am I trying to say that this is me, my fees are very high, so that  According to the account of the ethical and if you go into it, then I am robbing if you want to use Word, then it is fine but it is not help, it will be mine, it will be mine and it will be so yes, it will be so soon  Can tell it takes time for people to go through your horoscope and chart, hour, two, three hours, how much you want, as much expert as you want, he will go in depth, then he will study it, then he will be prepared, then he will give you consultation, then  And he will answer you on the go, yes, tell me, yes, yes, I want to put it, yes, this is it, then he went and told the thing at a superficial superficial level, what would be called, 'If you cry expensive once, if you cry cheap again and again,' then this is also a fact.  This is also a fact that unless we talk to each other comfortably for an hour and a half, the heart does not accept it from within. It takes that much time for someone to tell you. It takes that much time to understand slowly and here, many things are happening on the phone. Hey every human being.  He is sitting with a horoscope on his face. You can tell by his forehead where his hair is. You can tell by looking at his sun. Khan is sitting in Lagan. Where is he sitting by looking at his facial structure. You can tell by looking at his lips. You can tell by looking at his neck. Shoulders. How wide are the horoscopes? The real ones do not mean appearance, intelligence or no intelligence. You get to know a lot by looking at the face. Yay, if we are talking on the phone then it means it is happening at the superficial level.  How can you talk to someone? You need to see who the person is and how he is. Without him, all the things that will be told will be very superficial, so I have told you this software, you can do any of these.  Whenever you watch the videos, those who were ahead of me and are watching even now, please make your chart and always keep the book open because look, I am teaching this and many people here want to jump a lot, Jump the Gunny, this is so.  If I know it, then tell me, just tell me brother, if you don't have patience then astrology will not come to the one who knows this much, you are sitting with this much, we will cross his level after 50 episodes in four, five, six, 10 minute videos.  Can't make it long because I want to give the same amount of information, I am giving only a little information through each video, every day or alternate day video will come, 15 to 25 videos will come in a month, there is only that much information. Watch easily, don't jump and in the comment section I am also giving the link of an Astro Webinar subscriber group, I will also explain it to you in the live class, now I will do it in 10 days, I will do the free class in 15, ok, free class, come this. If you have associated with me the doubts of all that I have told till now, that as a student teacher, this is a journey, it is not a patience, even without patience, nothing will come in life, right. What happens to people is that many times just tell me the Navamsha. Start with Ashtavargam. It's okay, start with that. Do you want to test my knowledge here or do you want to jump on your own?  Do this also, do that also, how it happens like this, how it happens, you can learn it under one procedure because I have seen that there is a lot of need for channels like mine, there are 10000 channels open on astrology, but that one.  There are 8000 channels out of 10000, today let us discuss how will be this month, how will be that month, know every moment, you have come to know about your life again, is it deeper than that, is it deeper than that, your 10 day 15 day month Meena  I told you it is not good, then what will you do, you will still have to live, the month is very good, you will still have to work, whether the time is good or bad, you will have to work, so what difference does it make, so I am  I will teach at the level, that is not being taught, only then the need is very high, method wise etc. and why do those things happen, how do they happen, this will be like this, your time will be like this, hey, once I will teach you, no, that time, what he is telling, how to tell.  Whatever is transit or any other thing, we will tell you the same rules and the same formula so that you do not have to go to the same place every time. The content of those channels is that every month we will tell how the next month is for the 12 zodiac signs.  So 12 videos have been made and these have happened, then you are roaming in the same again and again but if you reach there, then you yourself have not become an astrologer. My aim here is to make you an astrologer, you have to take it to that level that you can understand things.  You can understand and explain it and can apply it in life. There is nothing applied from that knowledge. Your 22nd will be good and 28th will be bad. Then on 28th, you will not wake up in the morning, you will not take bath, you will not go to office. Tell me, after knowing a little bit. came  Also, there is some benefit but then you forget it, then that life comes, sometimes it becomes something of the time, I told you 28, it happened due to 27, which caused 27 to happen and 28 was also not good, so then many Once I explain things very well on energy level and on different levels, please explain it in the best possible way. Please note that the horoscopes of everyone in your family should be in your register.  Gradually you should remember who belongs to where, what is the dedication and what is there. Thank you very much.