Hello friends, I am going to tell you a very good technique of simple astrology, relationships will also be better, especially with mother, there is one technique, it will not be applicable for everyone but it will be applicable for many people and it can be applicable for many people in your friend circle along with your sibling. Maybe it is one of your clients, customers or anyone around. I am going to tell you a very good technique of astrology. This relationship is to be done with mother. So the technique in this is this.  If a person's Sun is in the Cancer sign, in which sign the Sun is in the Cancer sign, if it is in the ninth house, or if it is in any other place, then it will be applicable, this thing will be applicable and tell me that at least Test in 10 horoscopes and tell that it works. Don't tell before that. It is not fun to work on two horoscopes. Will it work in 10? What will happen in Sun in Cancer? What will happen in Sun in Cancer, that the mother of this person will always feel that he is his father and he is one of his children.  He is not of any use and he has to work and this creates a lot of bitterness. You are not able to help your mother even if you want to. Such a situation will be created and if you are able to do so then she is not satisfied and what should she do? Neither do I have to do anything, neither your father does anything nor you do everything, I do everything, I do everything, everything will remain like this, so first of all you have to accept this thing that brother, it will be like this, after that you have to try to mother.  What has to be done is to provide indirect help. If someone is having pain in any part of his body, if he is having pain in his bones, then get a masseuse, help in the house, help in driving, you will never be able to help directly, that is, yourself.  You will not be able to go and press your feet, there will be such a situation that you are posted or your wife does not get along with your mother, you are unable to come to the house or your father will be like this, the situation will be like this for your mother.  It is not that there will be no reason behind being angry, there will be a reason too, but if the reason is suggested to be 40 out of 100, then the mother will consider it to be 80 out of 100 but it will be 40 out of 100 and this is the remedy and the advantage is that if you do this thing.  Understanding this, if you do a little something to your mother, then your welfare will be immense and your life will become very good. After that, if you suddenly release it, then at one place there is this conflict of pleasing the mother.  Trying to blame them, they will never be happy, blaming you, blaming dad, this will work in girls' chart also, check it, it means father is also getting blamed, child is also getting blamed and mom is just walking around and  Many times you exchange notes like father, child and father, hey, your mother never stays engaged, she never sits peacefully, neither does she sit herself, nor does she let us sit, and keeps saying ppp ppp, she will do this but do n't do it too much because her  Who  When you were born, you sat with them, that's why this is happening with them, now this is happening with them, so beyond that, now you don't make them that way, you try as much as you can indirectly, you will not be able to do it directly or they will.  If you do n't agree, this is also a fact, then the same problem. First of all, what is this? Many times, how will this fix the relationship? Will a smile come on your face? First of all, this is how astrology works. There is no prediction in this. There is no absolute truth in this. Couldn't change but at least realized why it is happening. First realize that it is happening and reduce it little by little. Sometimes what happens is pain. If it is 95 out of 100 then reduce it a little to 70 75. Even if you bring it, there is pain, but at 95 p.m., the thing which was so ingrained in your mind that your life was not going on properly, then at 70 p.m., you get relief and you carry on, plus this.  Realization comes that man, this has to be played out like this, once something happens and I am doing about it and I am not going to tell you no, feel extremely sad and bad about it, your life moves ahead as easily as I teach in astrology. I don't know how much will be allowed to me, after this you come and tell me like this in astrology community, there is no money in everything brother, there is no money, come to me.  No one else is earning and in this anyway we should tell people, what is there in this, give me a visa, get me married to my girlfriend, get my money, get me this Tantalus, I am liking the content a lot.  It feels good to be loved by our community, it feels good to get respect, otherwise we also fight a lot among ourselves. Okay, okay, everywhere, doctors also get jealous at times, lawyers also get burnt, I am good, you are good, he is good, okay.  Okay, that's fine, and we have to tell everyone because many times, too many people like that come into the public, then what happens is that the name of astrology gets tarnished. Look, if the name of the astrologer gets tarnished, then it's okay, okay?  Astrology should not go bad. Unfortunately, astrology goes bad. It is okay here that the difference between the profession and the profession has ended. If the professional is bad then the profession also gets spoiled. Normally this does not happen in medical science.  In We Are Very Forgiving Doctor, if someone is bad, if someone has done negligence or someone has turned out to be a fraud, then we do not say that medical science is bad, we catch that doctor, he is not here, it is like this here, it is okay, so I hope you liked it.  You will definitely write in the comment section, there are small videos like this, there are small techniques you have to follow, this will work a little in the fourth house also, or try it on Sun in Cancer. Sun in Cancer in a Ninth House will work beautifully. It will work very beautifully as if there is intensity or anything has intensity, then Sun in Cancer in the Ninth House. For whom will it work? If it will be for Taurus people then it will be for Taurus people. If you check the playout a lot then you are sitting with the other wise Sun in Cancer mostly for everyone. For how many, check it in 10 horoscopes.  Variation will be more or less, will depend on other position, also will do a lot at some places, but will do it everywhere, it is not like that or not, it is not there at all in me, it is not there in me at all, then see your passion, time, two to four minutes of birth. Your passion is not changing because such things are snapshot techniques, they work, they have been tried and tested on 1000 charts, okay, 1000 plus charts and then they give less, not like this.  If it is fine, then the technique is made on thousands of charts, so it works beautifully. You people have to test this thing. I will tell you one more good thing before finishing the video, collect 10 to 15 charts with yourself. You people, whose life story you know, you don't have to go and ask whether he has got a job here, is he getting married, is it good or bad, how is his life going, how is his nature, then you check his face to see if yes, do this match. Because every time you may not be able to ask, there should be 10, 12, 15 known charts. You may have close friends, you may have relations, you may have your family, you may have parents, you may have siblings, you may have children.  You can keep at least 10 charts and you should remember at least 10 charts in your mind because if I also get a technique, we discuss it among ourselves. Whenever we have any workshops etc., we get to learn some technique, then we immediately focus on 10 charts. I remember those 10 charts in my mind and that's why immediately we come to the realization that hey, you are saying the right thing.  Satan Fifth House, friend, there is some problem in the stomach or digestion issue, it is okay, tell me, okay, this technique is very simple, I will keep telling it like this and if it happens to them a little now then  I will also tell you what to do, so it is not that I just left it like that, if there is something wrong, then I said, if you want to help indirectly, then do it indirectly. If you want to take membership of the channel, then take membership also, then started watching a lot of content. Thank you very much