Hello friends, how true astrologers are confusing the common man and the common man should avoid listening to all this. These are the people who will come and predict wars, predict earth quakes, they will have a political agenda, religious agenda and this World Cup of our YouTuber Bhati in India.  Will predict Corona Will predict Will do something to the financial stock market By doing great types, they are doing astrology like this I would like to say that you should keep Astrology only at your level, at the level of human mind and human beings, don't go to these things. Earthquake comes in this world every day, melt it every day, there will be a fire somewhere or the other.  There will be a political appeal somewhere, there will be a fight, that one, that Corona, that one, that boy, I don't know what his name is, he is his own, he is an Indian, he is Corona, he did not say any corona, he said, this will happen, that will happen, 1500 will come from there. Keep making predictions, the same five will come true, I had made a video of the Law of Attraction that brother, keep thinking about something, something, something every day, you will get tea, you will get tea, you will get tea, sometimes you will get tea, sometimes your wife will take pity. Mummy will eat sometime and someone else will ask this and this then on one hand people want all the science that you tell me the science, I say it is the story of grandparents, okay so that the ghost of this science goes away, okay, on the other hand this Constant and then these people will say, look, it did n't go right, it didn't go right, now so many people will say so many things, who was she in Russia, she predicted football FIFA cup, oh brother, so many teams will play, one of them is Ziggy's Law of Probability, astrology is too change  Your own life becomes a better human being. This has just become a game of madness. Unfortunately, Jyoti is learning, wants to learn comfortably, wants to learn well, so please do, please, my request.  Please do n't get involved in all these things. Thank you very much.