Hello friends, today there is a very different topic but you all will enjoy it. How to judge Ketu by looking at a child, whether his Ketu is good or bad without seeing the horoscope and the same thing, if you can extrapolate it in any elder, then talk.  So you will know, you can see on a small child, you can try it today itself in your relatives, with great love and easily, any let's say, there is a small child of one year, one and a half years, two years, four years old who is playing.  He is playing a toy or eating some toffee or if you go to him like this and say, Hey Rohit, give it to me, whatever you look like in his relation, you look like a father, you look like a mother, you look like an uncle, aunt, whatever, say it with love.  Hey, give it to me, as soon as you hold your hands like this and speak with love like this, give it to me without even thinking, like someone sitting with a pen, give it like this, give it just like that, and others give like this, and many children do not even give, they give like this.  That Ketu is good, this is a small interesting test, now if it does not give, then do not be sad beyond that that brother, yours is bad, so it is good, do not put bad words in it, nothing happens, I said, Ketu is good, if Ketu is good then  It's okay but they can do a test, now this test is done in older people also, if it is given extra time in a child then it is easier, what is there in an elder, a little bit comes in it, a filter comes which lasts for one, two or three years.  it belongs to  He is thinking a little, he is a genuine Zen soul, as you said, he has not applied much theta, he has not used his brain, he is natural from inside, it becomes a little difficult in elders, but still if you see that even an elder person will think, I  Should I give it to him or not, will it be beneficial or not? Well, he is asking for a big party, give it, it is an investment, so it becomes a little difficult, but if the feeling of giving comes easily, then Ketu is good, you understand this and you things.  If you can leave it, you can throw away old clothes, you can throw away old shoes, you can give away any thing that you do not need, you tend towards minimalistic living, I am not at all saying here that you do not want things.  Then let me explain that separately, but you want less, do not want useless things, do not want more in show off, that is, you are correcting your Ketu, which is not okay, then brother, correct it. You have kept those old bags, old leather goods. I am keeping old electronic items.  I will fit in this clothes. You are the one who will never get thin. We all have this misconception. No, this is not good. No, if you have not worn it for six months to a year and are not able to fit into it, then leave it brother. You will become fit and then get a new one. Reward yourself. If you lose 10 kg or 12 kg weight and your body changes from a bad body to a shapely body, then what shapely body did you work so hard for?  Deserve this thing price and something that my friend will come and buy something new. You have to fit in the one who has to fit in and you can never fit in. The second one is not free from that and the third Ketu is bad, so try these things practically and try to leave a little.  There should be a feeling that the athlete should leave those things which you do not want, you can also leave those things which you want, then they have gone to a much higher level, I am not asking you to go to that higher level, I am saying that Brother, without whom you should not use, I am people's Vaastu or some such thing, I go to the rooftop, you open your rooftop or two, now you are watching the video, then you see what is the situation, go to your kitchen. I tell women these days that many times they have so much stock in the kitchen, no one is cooking the dishes, the women who cook these days sit on the bed, don't want to work, or don't feel like it, or they have to eat on their own.  Does n't feel like someone who has that talent  Of using all the embroidery and those of today's friends, I sometimes get nervous. Nowadays women, old women, because I can really sound very sexist, not a feminist, not a male shawist, because whenever I talk about anything, I am more like this.  I don't think, I hope you guys wo n't misunderstand me, I am trying to tell you that ladies, if you don't know much cooking then it is not necessary, Swiggy Jametto also works well or you can make egg bread.  You make Maggi and make some sandwiches and if it is the same as yours or if it is a little more than this, then take out the pan which you have kept, you should never use it, otherwise you will not be able to make that dish, otherwise you have used that 1 liter 2 You have a pressure cooker worth 3 litres, 4 pa, that much, you have put that asafoetida and cumin tadka in the dal at night, so brother, he is going to play from house to house, keep only the stuff, why are you keeping your fruit unnecessarily, because you are not able to leave it. Ketu is sitting there spoiling everything, leave it all, leave it to your husband, this is yours, why have you kept it, your mother-in-law will come and will be very happy, Gabbar and Gabbar will come and cook your food, this is not going to happen.  Gabbar, nothing is ever going to happen to you, if you are so right, then she will not come, she will not make it like this, yes, it is true that when she will not be there, then you will have to make her, so keep a habit of her name also, so that it does not happen that you get separated completely and silently. Two  Just throw everything out, but if you have done something too much that your mother had given something and your mother-in-law had also come and you yourself had taken something that you do n't know what I will do, what will I do, then that.  Don't do it and I also want to tell the men who are in their mid 30s and 40s, I don't know what things they have kept to improve their health, some of them are not becoming Vedas, I do n't know, there is so much dust going on that I  it  Bull worker, by doing like this, I will do it like this, it looks very good to me, I said, friend, there is dust in it, why can't I do it, one day, I am like this and like this, there is a machine, abs are made in it, it is fine, that  We are not using it at all. Well, we have kept it like this that once upon a time people told me that I used to get that belt at the age of 11, that I was very fat earlier, then I got this belt and the belt helped me.  12 kg weight  You have reduced that, I don't know which time it is at 11 o'clock, nowadays maybe you don't even come but earlier you used to come, had you ever bought that belt, that belt will move like this, it will heat you and all your fat will melt, that fat never melted.  No, it has been made by someone else but that belt is still lying with you. Okay, I see people that electronic items, you know, become dated over a period of time, especially those made 10 years ago, so nothing works, that CD player. player  These days, everything has come on mobile, they are kept, that is, will the technology go back again or will this technology stop, so you have kept it that who knows, you may get to see it again brother, you are sitting with that CD, put it in. Nowadays, they have so much storage space on cloud cloud or server or anywhere else, I see people having phones etc. which do not have these chargers or these, 25 types of these are lying around, hey brother, you use them.  are not doing  Duplication is coming with these and everything else, its wire is broken, it doesn't even charge, so why is it kept for whom, you tell me, you have not kept all these things, brothers and sisters, it is okay, clothes, unnecessary utensils, unnecessary shoes, unnecessary electronic items.  You again say nonsense that now this is an astrology channel, watch the videos of astrology only, there is real estate also and you will have to buy a big house, you will have to spend Rs 1.5 crore extra on it and this is not a waste of Rs 5 lakh from you.  Garbage worth Rs 3 lakhs is not thrown away. A thing bought worth Rs 3 lakhs which is not even worth Rs 25,000 is not thrown away, it will be useful someday. It is okay, sweet winter, thick winter, this winter, that winter is okay. Now sometimes I also use the air conditioner.  In winter, I can make such videos. Okay, when they are not available, I have to make them wearing a jacket when I forget to turn it on. Okay, then spend a little money, otherwise you will need more space. These foreigners live in so much poverty that I do n't know how many clothes they should have. They have a thick quilt and a sweet quilt. They say nonsense and then a bedsheet and then why do you all go? These days, those who are listening to me, everyone's bed is empty.  They are lying with those clothes which you don't know when you will use or not, everything is just a matter of where will the energy circulate from and then they say it is not fun and then they say yes, do a consultation, do Vastu, oh what am I?  You need consultation, I am telling you in a simple way, subscribe to Saral Astrology channel, throw away the useless things, pick up and throw away the things that you have not used in 6 months, okay do n't confuse your brain, your brain probably uses it every day. Yes, it's okay, many people use things which are kept and don't use them, then throw them out, they will be useful to someone else, they will do good to someone else, give them to anyone, okay, don't keep unnecessary things in the house. Keep only those in the house which are functional and beautiful. Don't keep anything in the home which is not beautiful and which is not functional. Just being beautiful is not enough. There should be some fun in it too. Something should look good on the eyes at least.  She is also a functionalist, there is such a lovely painting, looking at it makes my day, so it is important to keep that painting, keep flowers, keep flowers that smell good, keep such things.  You are right but do not keep anything which is neither visible nor used, it is lying on the roof, children's old bags are not thrown away, children's old report cards are kept by heart, people have memorized them, they had got so many numbers, those memories are not lost.  Digitize them all, okay no no, they don't get discarded, no old dolls are discarded, then they say that friend, if you are not getting rid of them, then something new and good will come to you, you will have to free up something in your life, only then something new will come in your life.  empty i won't Meaning, then it cannot be just like this, so we will have to do something, something has to go for something new and good to come in life, so do that I am not saying that make this world a waste dump yard, increase your Kanjan, speak for minimalistic.  I hope you will understand this essence. Subscribe to the channel. Like it. If you have any question in the comment section, you can ask any practical question. Thank you very much.