Hello friends, today I will tell you a very small aspect of simple astrology, but it is also very important to learn this aspect. This aspect is counting the houses, counting houses from houses. I have already told you that your house starts from the first house, second house and third house. You have seen fourth house, fifth house, sixth seventh eighth ninth 10th 11th 12th like this but if I tell you which house is third from second house, which is the third house from the second house because this will be discussed a lot in astrology, sixth from that, eighth from that, fifth house is sixth  The eighth house, the house of one, five, nine, in this way a lot of things will be explained to you and people get confused in these basics itself, so we always have to see that from whichever house we have to count, whether it is the third or fourth or fifth house, we have to count that house  You have to start from here, I will tell you with some examples, stay connected with me, this is very basic and this basic thing always becomes weak for the people and then they do not understand further and then they say that this does not work, so if it is the second house or the first house house is second house is third house is fourth  It is fifth, so if someone asks me which is the third house from the second house, I will say that this is the first house, I will count from here the third house from the second, third, one two three, this is it, now which house is this, this is the fourth house, understood?  What mistake do you people make from the second that which is the third from the second so you start from here that this is 2 3 this is the biggest mistake this is the biggest mistake if I tell you which is the third house from the fourth house  so you will not do it with 5 6, you will do it with 456 this is a very basic thing I will take two more minutes and keep explaining you with five to six examples, okay which is the fourth house from the ninth house, I will say fourth from the ninth house because this is very far ahead  It will be used and it is used a lot in astrology, so basically when this count has to be done, when you will be explained, then which will be the fourth house from the ninth house, so first we will count nine, Nath 10th, 11th, 12th, so it becomes the 12th house.  We will never tell which is the second house from the 12th house, which is the first house, it will always be called second house because it itself is the first, so you will never hear which is the first house from the 12th house.  Which is the second house? So, from the 12th house, second i before first i 12th second i first because it is revolving like this, everything of yours, so now I am telling you again as an example, stay connected with me with simplicity, do n't get confused  This is your 11th house. Which house will be the fifth from the 11th house? Which will be the fifth house? It is very simple. If you want to count the fifth house like this, then count the first 11th. If you want to count from 11, then first 11th, second 12th, third first, fourth, second and third.  is fifth from 11th so I hope you guys have understood it well under this example, this is very important, this is basic counting, you should always keep this thing in mind  You have to understand it from this and along with this I will teach one more thing, okay instead of that, it is a separate thing, that too is a very small thing, whenever we talk about why its essence comes in astrology, that is why I am telling because counting always starts like this  It happens according to years, if I show you, when a child is born, his first year begins, that is the first year. If the child is one day old, then you cannot call him zero, if he is one day old, it means first year.  If this is going on then whenever you have completed 25 years of your life then we will say 26 years of life because it is important to understand that when there is activation of ages of planets or zodiac signs, then when you reach the advance stage then  These years will be very important that brother, which planet is getting activated in the 24th year, where is it sitting, the event there will be like this, which one is happening in your 34 years, which one of the Sun, I will not get confused a bit, I will tell you according to the years, 4 seconds  year 48 year life ka  Why is it important? If it is important then how will you calculate 48 years, that when you are 47 then it is 48 or start, if you are 48 then it becomes 49, so you have to understand this basic thing that whenever we say that you are in your 32 years  What happened, that means when did you turn 31, you have to count one year from that, you became 32 after turning 32, so when 32 is being said that this happened in the 3rd year, then 33 will start if  If you celebrate your 32nd birthday, then when 31 happened it was 31 and when 32 did not happen it was 32, so in between this you are in the 3rd second year of life, this is a very basic thing but teaching the basics in the beginning is important, thank you.  you very much