Hello friends, welcome to Sango Saral Jyotish, this is the luck of new channel, need your blessings and support, subscribe the channel, this is the introductory video, this is the first video, what are the benefits you will get by subscribing to this channel and watching the upcoming videos. Please give a few minutes of your time and learn it, share it with your family, subscribe to them, learn as a family, make notes and your life will change, the first thing is that no one can learn from the sources of astrology.  Also go to learn new things, like in the rent agreement, I do n't understand who is Lizzy Lizzo, who is the tenant and who is the landlord, but which one is which, then I will teach you very easily, I will teach you like A is for Apple, B is for Boy, C is for Cat, it will be a lot of fun.  You can learn it very easily even if you are a child of 12 years of age or above 12 years of age. Whatever level of child you can understand, the aim is to spread astrology in an easily explained manner. Spreading Astrology Jyotish is Jyot Plus E God's Jyot God's path Clarity When they say no Clarity giver Astrology is a knowledge which gives clarity in life People have made it a game of madness You will know all those things and further  What should I tell you, there are so many misconceptions related to astrology, people speak directly on the contrary and no answer is given, brother, we know it is good but it was said by that user or that scientist. Or if you did it like this, then I will clear that thing also through many videos. Fourth, you will get to learn that thing. What is happening in your life, why did it happen in future? First, what is happening, why is it happening, you will know that as soon as you keep subscribing to this channel, learn that your relationships will start improving, this is a big benefit. Seventh and Sixth  The point is that you will start understanding finance. I am not saying that you will become a millionaire by learning astrology, you will start understanding finance because as he said, the most important thing in our life is what is limited, time and energy. Through this channel of learning astrology, you will start learning where to focus your time and energy and where to invest it. This is the next point and the most important point is the eighth point which will benefit you, you will get peace and happiness in your life. You will know where happiness is, you are searching anywhere like a deer or going here and there, going there, going here, but you will know where it is, everyone has their own different and when  By the time you come to know this in life, many people get late but now by learning astrology through this medium, you will know that you will focus on that ninth point, for which relatives you will have to do something or the other, whether you want to or not.  whether or not  Everyone's wishes are different, everyone holds a person, every person has something to do for someone, we even kill dialogues, brother, I feel like I have taken a loan from you, if I don't want to do it, do it even if I don't want to.  If you have to, you will also come to know such things, the tenth thing will be which kind of people you have to avoid, who are not that suitable for you. The first thing was that you will have to avoid these people, but whom you can and should avoid.  we will find out that too next time  We will move ahead, in the 11th point you will get to know the little challenging periods of your life. You can see it in this way, if you are going from one place to another, then if you know where the road is bad, then the person should be prepared in advance and take a break.  Take the time and set it accordingly. Hurdles will come, you will know that it will not go beyond 30-40 or you can take it as you understand, then it is the responsibility of husband and wife to understand about married life.  It is a hassle, both of you will learn astrology, it is guaranteed that your married life will improve through this channel, you will not have to spend anywhere, your married life will improve, I will tell you one more thing, it is a very good thing, when something good comes in the materialistic plane, then the life thing associated with it.  There is a compromise and if the living thing is right then there comes a materialistic compromise and this is a very good formula of astrology and by learning this you will  You will get great peace in life that it is good that you did not get this but if you did not get this then you got this, now be satisfied with this because this story had to be played out, this will give you a lot of peace. Where can be your sources of money in the future because in the coming time  In this, we will not be able to earn money from one source. We should create multiple sources of income, so where are the possibilities because only job is not enough? What is business, what is passive income, what are investments. What is this thing, it is very important, then once you get the idea that it is good from here, then in real life, the person will put his mind to it, then it is linked up with that, what effort and time do you want to see through hit and trial because  What is there in life? Try again and again. Something will happen. But if you get some idea that brother, I have to dig here. If I tell you, it is one acre of 10 acres and there is some gold poured there.  If you keep digging till the end, if you keep digging then life will come out and someone tell me in the corner, brother, if you try there in that corner, you will go there quickly in just that much time, you have saved so much time and energy, what is the size of that gold, is it luck, it is a lot.  There is not much change. When I teach you, you will understand free will and destiny. When I teach you, there will be sources of money. Then later on, we will have an idea about health and where there is a chance of going wrong. Brother Fifth.  Whether Saturn is sitting in the house or something like this, you will have digestive issues, take care of food, eat food on your time, this is preventive health care, you will come to know that these like possibilities are there, take prevention beforehand.  If you take it, even if it is a little, it will not be at that level, it is something like that, it is okay if pain comes in life, see, if such pain will definitely come in life, it will definitely come.  If pain does not come in life, then according to astrology, there will never be any pain or suffering in their homes, but the power to bear the pain will increase for all of you. When you learn astrology through this channel, then where will the pain come?  How will you be able to tolerate it because if you get a little idea of ​​the problems in life, it will not increase your anxiety anywhere, you will not be confused anywhere, you will not be scared anywhere because these are associated things, it will happen like this. This will not happen after watching the videos of my channel. You are already relaxed. This much is the promise. As a creator, there is a promise in the beginning. Okay, then one thing comes. There is a lot of gem stones. There will be a lot of clarity on gem stones. What is it like?  People get benefit by wearing it, it should not be done, this is hypocrisy, no, there is a lot of clarity on that and that thing is needed, they will tell you people, there will be some incident on Numol ji too, incidentally due to my neurology.  Some videos on Sango Life Sutras are very hit, now people were saying that it is pending, make it on that, then everything will come here, again this is a channel for you people only for Astro, okay then subscribe and the last thing which will happen. Whatever you feel in your life, you will start getting control in life. When life is out of control, turn your face and say 'All is well' is not going to work and there was such a movie, there was a song, I just said it like this, it feels good, ' All is well' is all like this.  is  Well does not happen, even if nothing is well in life, even then life is good, nothing is good in life, but still there is a lot of good, this astrologer will come and he will tell you, brother, how life is even if nothing is good.  It may be good, life will start coming under control, things will start making sense, there was an introductory video, how are you feeling, there is excitement, you take the subscriber ship which has Zone C number, you can also write your number, if you will see the numbers then it is ok in the beginning.  You can also write the number, share it and please add five to five 1010 subscribers in your circle in the beginning because once the subscribers increase suddenly, the regularity of the videos will increase in the beginning, the whole enthusiasm will increase because that is the beginning, isn't it?  If it is the first over, if a good 102 runs are scored in the first over, two-three sixes, two-three fours, one and a half wides and it becomes 1820 runs, then it feels very good.  It's a good start so I hope you all support me through this video and subscribe and they will start coming soon things will start coming on this okay and you guys will enjoy it okay it's okay on which I have started  If the channel is fine after seeing the auspicious time and time, then please give it a little rocket, start the channel and show your determination, in whose life you are looking bitter, tell mom, dad, please subscribe.  Here the same claim is made, see if it is cured in three to four months, then say thank you, then do it like this, okay, it is a free medicine, you think this, it is a medicine, okay, it is a free medicine, you will enjoy the time to come, which is winter now. I take great pleasure in teaching and learning and teaching and doing all this. You people will also come, it's like this only in time, okay, it will be a lot of fun. Looking forward to a very fruitful journey, feel all of you subscribers, okay.  Subscribe Share Like Thank You Very Much