Hello friends, in today's video you will get to know a very good thing, you will get something to remove depression, those who are sad, they are going to benefit a lot from this, it is going to be benefited for free only, but I ask Guruji for the fee in advance. You have to share this video with at least 10 to 15 people and there is a request to all of them and you too, if you are watching this video for the first time then subscribe to the channel. Simple astrology explains things very well from basic level.  be taught  Here are the videos, go and see the list of yours, you come to watch the videos, watch the rest of the videos of the channel that have come till now, today's video will be about if you are sad in life or someone else is sad, depression, someone is facing problem.  If it is, then I am telling you a very simple solution to get out of it, I am telling you a practical solution, I am telling it through astrology and you have to do this, see it, understand it and spread this thing, it is your moral right from within that brother.  You  Tell 102 people, now they see it, understand it, take advantage of it, it is their karma, but you have done one of your karma, just like I am doing one of mine, telling many things extremely freely is not allowed in any profession but some things are told. And without keeping that thing completely free, I am repeatedly requesting before I tell because that energy exchange happens with Guruji only when something is given to you to subscribe or  Try to get it done and send this video to 510 people. By sending that much, it will be beneficial for someone. Let's start it. You see in your horoscope where is your Sun, where is the Sun, in which house, what are houses, I have made the video.  I have made it and explained it in the significances of every house. You will also find it in the comment section. You will find it in my old videos. If you watch my old videos, then wherever your sun is, it is your soul. Regarding that, you will find it.  If you have to do activities, you will get out of depression. Sun is light, it is the light of life, so in whichever house your Sun is sitting, like in the ninth house, then brother, if you travel, it will get you out of depression. If you cannot travel, then evolve with your father.  This way the depression will go away. You cannot evolve even with your father. The father is not there or does not feel like evolving or there are some issues with the father himself. If you cannot even travel then it is also related to religion. The new house should become a little religious. Do religious things, do rituals, let it evolve into religion, now even that is not happening. Suppose, how many scopes are being given, if this is also not happening, then the ninth house is also of your higher education or learning, then learn something new.  If you start doing this then you will benefit from it. If your Sun comes in the third house then it is for short travels. Sun is in the third house. If the third house is for short travel then you should do short travel in it. Travel a little, the third house is also related to hobbies, so develop any such hobby of yours, then you will get out of depression and sadness. Wherever the Sun is in the 11th house, if the Sun is in the 11th house, then one of your  Network is there, you can increase your network, increase the network of friends or become a little dependent on that network, interact with that network or it is also there for cash flows, it is also there for gain, so in your real life  Even if you go after money and gains, you will get away from that too. Sun is in the fourth house. You know that the fourth house belongs to the mother. There is a feeling of happiness in the mother's life. You evolve with the mother and talk to her.  That will make it easier for you to get out of depression. Mother is not there, you can't talk or you are getting sad from mother. Believe it, this can also happen, it also happens to the car, do n't buy the car, you are fine, change the car at home.  It also happens to change the house and renovate the house.  If you can't buy a new house then buy some property then it will be like this. If Sun is in the fifth house of someone then pay attention to the children. Just like every relative comes out of every house, now the children are  No, there is depression, there is fifth house, then fifth house is also of some romance, so try to find a romantic relationship, it will take you out, even romantic relationship is not coming, there are no children, then again it is also of an art, learn some art, hobby third.  I told you but here there is an art like singing painting or some such old knowledge which is prevalent which means you cannot learn such a thing by reading a book, if such a thing is okay then you should concentrate on that thing, it is okay.  Now let's see where the Sun is. We have to find out the second house significator. I am not reading from any script, I am giving the rule a + b s = a s + b s + 2ab. Put your a and b and ask the question.  Videos uploaded first  There are significant activities to be done in each of the houses. Now Sun is in the 8th house, so the 8th house is of astrology, it is also of Alt, yes, the 8th house is of inlaws, so if you show interest in inlaws, then many a times depression is giving in these laws. In the cases of women, brother, learn astrology. Take any of the four, five or six significant easy ones from each house. It is a buffet. If you do all four, it will be even better.  But it happens that I won't be able to do this in four or five, this one won't happen, so do this, learn astrology, the eighth house is of astrology, the old man is of knowledge, it is called science, it belongs to him, so you do that there, tenth house, tenth house.  Sun has set in yours, your tenth house is also father's house, father's original house is father's family, so you can pay attention towards them, father's assets are there, father 's money accounts, start keeping an SA Munshi for him.  If two will come out in the 10th house, otherwise it is the environment of your work place. If you start focusing on your job, then you will come out. Whatever Sun is in the 10th house, I want to tell you this technique and secret through this video.  Start doing activities related to the place where the Sun is placed. If the Sun is in the 12th house, then bed is also of pleasures, then do such things. Now you are not getting it, there is depression, there is apathy, it is possible that you are not getting it.  That's why there is indifference, even if the twelfth house is about spending your money, then spend the money. Even Times People, they say, Retail Therapy. Retail Therapy. Surya Bar. You went to the house, spent it, bought a shirt, bought pants, bought some thing and age.  If there is a house, it is the house of expenditure. If someone talks about loss, then it is the house of expenditure, then spend it. If it is in the 12th house, then spend it. Sun is in the sixth house, yours is the sixth house, so fight, quarrel and enemy are the enemies of all of them.  So this does not mean that you have to make an enemy to be happy, but there is one more thing, when you have to look at it in this way, do not make an enemy by force, but when you fight with someone, then you make all your servants depressed.  It may be at work place and sixth house is also of service. Vargo sign is also of service. Okay, house and sign are also interchangeable. I hope you guys know. So if your Sun is like that then it is inside the sixth house.  you guys You can do service to anyone, you can do service to anyone, that is, people who are below you, people who are poorer than you and those who do not have resources, then you can do that and that to such people.  Now the Sun is sitting in the ascendant, now it has come in the first house. Yes, Guruji, it is mine and I am very normal. People with the Sun ascendant are less depressed. This is also a fact. If you can identify it then wear good clothes.  lago royal type  You should wear clothes and shine your shoes. You should apply cream on your face. Take care of your body. Take care of your face. Take care of your head. Take care of your hair. And the best thing is that you have to get a massage somewhere. You have to get a good haircut. You have to correct your personality. Watch.  If you want to wear a good one or whatever, it means you pay attention to yourself, on your body, then you will automatically come out of it, there is something for everyone, it means there is no such empty thing for everyone inside the seventh house, if your  Sun is inside the seventh house. If the Sun is inside the seventh house, then what will you do? Now, the Sun is inside the seventh house. Anyway, it is considered to be a low house, because it is in the seventh house. I will explain this in future videos. Okay, so here I am trying to explain it simply. So, if Sun is inside the seventh house, then your soul is in your partner, activate it with your partner, do not fight with him because you have to get peace from there, all the depressed people are there and the Sun is sitting in the seventh house. You can afford to fight with your partner.  Can't do this, maybe this is the biggest reason for your depression with your partner, whatever is the equation, correct your tuning because that sadness is coming to you, wherever the sun is, that is your soul, if the soul is the soul, then that is.  If I want to get Food for the Soul from there then I told everyone Food for the Soul, I don't think so I got it done at some house but I did not plan to go in a way so that people know everything and in my family.  You should see this by looking at your horoscope.  If it is your son, daughter, daughter-in-law, mother, mother-in-law, sister, relative, someone who is sad, pick up his horoscope and see where his Sun is and start telling him whatever I have told you, he is in this house.  Now in the second house, whatever Surya is sitting with, probably the second is left in the second house, there may be food for you, eat good food, if you cannot eat good food, then it is the original family with father, which may be your father, mother, you may be married and  wife  There are no children, not this one, father, mother, pay some attention in the family, take care of your assets, that, that, you will also take care of your assets, make them your net worth, write accounts, how much is my loan, how much is demat, how much is my mutual fund, you will keep all these.  Still, you will not get rid of depression but will get rid of apathy, you have to use this knowledge like medicine which I told you and it is a very panacea knowledge, now I have shared this knowledge. You make notes and have a request, is there any expense in this, tell me in these terms that means the expense has to be separated, yes that expense has to be done by doing that but is it for yourself, for me or for someone else, nowhere, nowhere, for yourself.  Nothing, we have done it, do even a simple thing, okay, now it is in the eighth house, so learn astrology or be okay with these losses and the relatives are significant, if not, be okay with the relatives, otherwise it is not possible. materialistic  There are things, first try to do right in non-materialistic things, but it can happen in non-materialistic things, now your father-in-law does not want to make things with you, you are sitting with Sun in the eighth house, now you say no, friend, this is not possible.  As for me, I am trying, so brother, then learn astrology, learn some unknown science, you are happy in the house related activities, okay, if you have a soul, then you can make your own house in this way, according to me, I have  Have not left it, you can do it by rewinding it again or by doing it like that, you can make notes, it is very good simple knowledge, it is simple astrology, if you stay connected to this channel then you will adopt astrology in your life and understand that without it you are there and these videos  So thousand 2000 3000 videos will keep coming in the next years and when it will work for you practically in your life, then only the man's interest gets aroused or not, friend, this is something to be learned, so this is the right thing, I have done it now by doing this.  Look, the depression will start going away on its own. Keep doing those activities and if I have told you three or four things about that house, like you will do all the three things for each house, you will have changed the car in the fourth house, and also got the house renovated.  You should also improve your relationship with your mother. Just do all the three things. If you do all three, you will get better results and you will get it quickly. So try this in practice. Write your feedback, identification and she will send it. Can you please do this video?  The one who shares with 10 people should write 10 in the comment section, the one who shares with 20 should write 20 and if the person shares with more than that then write 10 in the comment section because this reason needs to spread this message That's why I am sharing it  With you and checking that will you share it with others and not that brother, only then moral motivation increases or physically because I do not run ads.  I am telling you to come, this is our ad, I am telling you in a simple way that you can share it organically, I do n't know what messages you share, do this also, I am telling you in a very simple way, subscribe to the channel, those who have seen the forward and  You want to watch as many old videos as are uploaded now, they will explain things very easily, right now we are learning only A B C D, now I am teaching to make A for L also, I am teaching astrology, so watch those videos also.  If you see the significant, you will understand it better, although I have put almost everything in detail in this video, so it is complete for yourself. Take out your horoscope and see which house the Sun is in and carefully observe it from the Moon sign.  No, you have to watch it with dedication, you have to watch this thing with whatever dedication you have, which house is yours, thank you very much.