Good evening to all of you, we are going to start and tell a very good technique of Raj Yoga today, it will be a simple technique, everyone will enjoy it, first of all welcome my guest astrologer Any sir are you there sir yes sir good evening sir  Welcome and thank you sir for sparing your time sir, 7:30 is the peak time for the audience and your classes have to start after that, so today's is sir.  We have chosen our topic, how to find Rajyoga in your chart, so first of all, which planet are we going to take today sir and you sir, we had done a poll before this, many people are interested in astrology and of late before we start. With today's topic, I will make an observation. Sir, tell me how are you feeling? Sir, after Covid, I do n't know what is the reason in the last two-three years, there is a huge interest in it, which means that maybe.  2017 18 This was not there in 1920 because of what people are teaching, they are learning and the general disappointment is coming. The number of people giving misinformation is also large. No doubt, but the trend towards astrology has increased, even if we see it on the link of the apps.  Even if we look at the blue ocean opportunity, many people have started discussing its financial scope, even its S-industry, which they did not do earlier because now it is  In a way, the industry started getting the status that it is fine in itself, although it has its own share of criticism. Many people in the main stream also say that it is not fine, it is not like that, it is not like that, so it is yours.  What is my observation? My observation is that the people who are directly connected with me and my own interest in all this, is there any reason for this? Astrology can also be a reason for this. Time is psychological. What is the reason for this, Sir? Till 203, it will keep increasing continuously, till 33 there was no second, now we are in 204, its speed will increase now and this past 2000, I will tell you one act, July 200, I will tell you one, I have come from behind, we are the people with figures.  People July 2017 and July 204 Market Size 10 Times Be Already Ready I said not 10 but 10 times 10 times and I am saying  9 years later and this has become so big in size that you can't imagine that even now all the people who have come, many people who know very little but have started working and still you Suppose, sir, a simple logic was used to cater to the huge population, if there are 140 crore people in our country and out of them only 20 crores, I am taking a 20 times very small figure. I should talk about it.  No lesson 60 7 crore people correct but if the number of exposures should not be same for 20 percent people or even 20 crore people then yes sir absolutely if you do the ratio then eat it but unfortunately there is mismatch in it then it is like demand supply miss in doctors.  If there is a match, quacks come and say that many times in this state they are doing it in a backward village of some backward district of Bihar. Gaya, who was once a compounder, his performance was quite good, but once he made a big section, he got stuck, it is okay, it happens in every line, sir, so I am my campaign, sir, through your help, this is the way with the people that we can teach astrology.  If you spread the awareness of this then two, two, four will definitely happen in your life. I am sure that now people know their own horoscope and when we tell our students that five or six horoscopes are close to them.  Dear, you should have memories of your acquaintances. Even if you don't have memories, it should be in a register somewhere, not on the app. Open the page directly in the register itself and you are seeing six horoscopes. So you will apply in that way sir, today again.  What are you going to teach sir? Let's go straight to that technique. We have close to 400 people listening sir. Now see what you have caught. Sir, the name itself is Rajyoga. Sir, we will have to start from the king. Okay sir, now Rajyoga is from Sun.  If we take it, then people think that in the name of Rajyoga, I will go into politics, I will become a minister or I will become the Prime Minister or I will become a Sarpanch, this is also Rajyoga, it is a small and big Rajyoga, sir, don't talk, I am saying this, the meaning of Rajyoga is this.  Whatever line you are in, you are at the top of that line. Okay sir, it is Raj, not every person can go into politics. If he brought the Rajyoga of business, then he is Ambani ji, Tata ji, Bala ji, he is of this level, he is the king, sir, he is the king.  c It may be the secrets of business c If someone has brought Rajyoga in the teacher, then it may be that he is a very promoted personality in teaching skills, by whose name people know that he has got the President's Award for teaching or someone like him has become famous, there is a celebrity in Bollywood.  In Hollywood, he has done his work at the top. Amitabh Bachchan ji is there, so NDA, are you on top in whatever work you do? If you understand such things, then Rajyoga is very Rajyoga miss on the top, you are in top people, something.  If you are among the selected people or not, then first of all, this is the meaning of Rajyoga. Secondly, the important thing is that Rajyoga is in everyone's mind. How can we execute it? It is very important to understand where Rajyoga is, let's say your Rajyoga was in business.  And if you keep working throughout your life, then Rajyoga will be acute. It is not possible that you are at a busy place, so where should you go and when will that Rajyoga be acute, that is, when will you get success, Rajyoga can be done by me or can.  We must understand when we will get this success and which planet will give it at what time. Just tell me Rajji, we will take it from Surya. Sir, tell us whatever you say, we will take the topic from Surya. We have taken the topic from Rajo Planet.  Naam Liya Sun, you tell me which point you hold which is related to Raj Sir meaning like normally it is of high level in Aries, people automatically say that it is Rajyoga but something different which people  Normally it may not seem that friend, can this also be Rajyoga because he is sitting with Eris, first of all he accepts Rajyoga, if it is of his own sign like in Leo and if it is in anything else too, then sir tell me a little about it and what is normal.  of people and what will be the result of it, how will they analyze it, it is a big thing, what are you trying to do, you are doing such work in the spell, what is it like today? Take two, tell me, yes, Venus is the enemy of the rising Sun. Okay sir, Sha's sa is number two. Now let's do one thing. We select one zodiac sign of Venus and number two is Rasa. If someone's Sun is in Rasa zodiac, it is fine, but this is  People will say that it is not useful for us because when the Sun is in Taurus, approximately between 15th May to 15th June, the session is not useful for people, so I work either in Taurus or in the second house of the horoscope.  ho second house second  House and Torus, it is okay sir, either it is in the torus, sir, or it is in the second house, okay, how will you rule, both are very different things, but we address both of them in the same way and now we apply this rule and everything.  If you do P test then you first tell everyone, yes everyone is talking about Lagan Kundli, someone is writing Lagan Kundli, took the same horoscope, sir, if there is Rajyoga in Taurus, then what is it?  If there is a Rajyoga of what will I get, then I do one thing, I show a slide, show me two slides, I will get it, okay, this is a gift, everyone will also say thank you, whoever takes the screenshot, okay sir please, okay, then I share the slide.  Yes sir, this is my slide on Raj, what a lovely slide it is, I don't know how much it takes to make a slide, these days I am getting thumbnails made, sir, I am realizing that earlier I used to make mine like this, nowadays people said get it made professionally, oh sir such an expensive deal  It feels like this, it is mesmerizing after seeing the slide, it is a very nice Sur, I am taking a screenshot, okay sir, the aura of Sur is visible in this photo, Sir, it is like this, it is a very nice Prasa, see its beauty all around. And the rider on the chariot and the chariot moves at full speed, the sun never stops, as if the sun keeps everything, everything will end, Rati, everything is moving, energy is there, everything is energy, nothing is moving, sun in juice and good, understand carefully if the sun is torus.  Be it in 1st or 2nd house and preferably in the second house, the condition is that it should be good, it is okay, it is okay to get support from seniors or the government. I have often seen that someone in their family works in government related work or may be in a government job. Yes, yes, very much, your favorite topic is government, sir, job. I have often heard you talking about this, it is also TED, so sir, you can also see in it that someone from the original family should also be in the government. can yes  The government may be your father, may be your uncle, may be your uncle, may be your grandfather, may be your wife, may be your husband, may be your entire family, may be your aunt, aunt may be in government job, now people will say that what you are talking about is ours.  Those of the previous generation are behind in the government jobs and even the children of today's generation who were born today, you and your husband, open your head, wife's, open your husband's competition, if you are any kind of  Are you facing competition or like you go to give paper or exam, there are less types of competitions in sports, there are many types of competitions in career too, apart from this, there are many types of competitions, it has become sport for that to win in the court or court. These people have a lot of support in the court, they get the support of family members, the family supports them, whether their Sun is in Rasa or in the second house of the horoscope, they always get help and support from the family, I have seen that from the family.  Good money is available, financial help is absolutely great for money, good, they have leadership skills within themselves, they are very talented, I would say their followers are very good and don't think, if these people run a channel then they will have good followers.  They will also follow the rule of financial independence. This is your favorite topic. Sir, Amit ji, there are so many of your videos in the middle class on the rule of financial independence. Sun will be in Torus and he will say that I should not be dependent on anyone, I should be independent, I should have multiple sources of income, it would be good to get big money, if the Sun is in Torus or in the second house then it will be special. If the Sun is in Taurus and Rahu is in Sagittarius then the zodiac sign is Sun in Taurus and Rahu in Sagittarius is one then Ru becomes Sun in second house and understand what these people are, there are eight lovers. And I have seen many times that these people are professional artists, they are great artists, some may be singers, some may be painting, some may be making things with their hands, some are artists of national level, some are playing musical instruments, some are playing dholak, some are playing tabla, some are playing piano.  Guitarists are very good artists, they have a very good understanding of good art and even if they are not professional, they are art lovers and they like it very much. If there is Ketu in place of Rahu i.e. Sun in Taurus, Ketu in Sagittarius or  Sun in second house and Ketu in ninth house, this is a strong combination of engineering. Now what is technical profession in engineering, civil engineering also comes, mechanical engineering also comes, chemical engineering also comes, any kind of engineering or the one who is a doctor.  Medicine is a technical subject, it is not taught like history, it is learned by doing practical. These people are very expert in the technical line. I can give you this apple. I told you that it is related to the same NDA that Surya Torus.  If you are in I and Rahu is in Sagittarius, brother, go towards eight, you will get success there, Sun is in Taurus, Ketu is in Sagittarius, brother, go towards engineering, you will get success there, you will reach the top, if you talk about good terms in technical profession, then we will write above.  Support from family member is written below that brother will definitely fight with the family, family will support you but if he starts fighting with them then brother will punish him.  Avoid quarrels. As soon as you quarrel with your family members, if you quarrel with your relatives, mother, sister, brother in law, then there will be challenge in your career. Note this point is the most important point or as soon as you quarrel, there will be problem in your career.  I quarrel with family members. Secondly, anyway, I believe that whether it is Sun and Taurus or second house, it also gives challenge in relationship, because Sun is everything, it is the zodiac sign of Venus, it will burn wherever it sits.  If the heat burns more, then that heat definitely burns some or the other things of the zodiac sign in which it is located. Burn it and if access fire is in the juice, then the relationship will be fine. There will be ongoing quarrels with the wife and husband, that grace.  It will not happen, it will not be fun, a little more than normal people, what is the recommendation, keep donating something or the other in the temple and maintain good relations with the people, do not quarrel too much with the inlaws, this is it  The biggest caution, Sir, today you have done a wonderful job, you have also explained the below section completely, Sir, one thing I wanted to ask in this is that what is the meaning of the English word 'Financial Independence' written above, that if the crop itself becomes independent from the government,  There will be multiple sources of income, if there is minor or final independence, then suppose I am in one place, if there is no one in my body tomorrow, if I keep working, then what can I do, then do one work, one rental.  Generate income, do one thing, earn some commission, do one thing, keep doing it continuously, within 10 years you will get fat, do one thing on the side, and if I am in a government job, then do something in the name of your wife or child. Keep doing something or the other so that the money keeps coming from somewhere else, I will talk about it sir, there is a saying in English that one should not be in one basket. The meaning of this proverb is that all your money is in one place. everything should not come from one place  One should store and eat, if there is a shock then it will end, then there should be multiple sources of income. There is a thing going on in the mind of Sun Taurus people that their mind goes towards money, now if their mind goes towards money, what will they do? There should be some money from this also.  It came little by little, these people generate multiple sources of income or do they think, friend, do one thing, 25 rupees of income keep coming, do one thing, from here I put some money in the stock market from here for a month.  I have been earning Rs. 20. One is my job. One is running. One is in the name of my child. Do something else like this. Sir, you can also teach astrology to all of them. Do anything from astrology. Yes, it is in the second house. Wake up comfortably. Sir, this technique was very good, Sir, now on Sunday, on very popular demand, we are doing a special four-hour workshop, we will tell you everything about Sun and Moon, we will tell you all the yogas, we will tease a little transit.  Houses started that registration for that workshop, I will tell people about it and what thick cover will be given to my head, these things, if you look at the details of which month is good for us from the Sun, the Sun stays in one zodiac sign for one month.  Which is the best month of the year for me? Why does the Sun go to 12 zodiac signs in a year? That's why there is a year of 12 months. From Ba to 12 zodiac signs, the Sun goes to Ta zodiac in a month, so around 14 April. And before that March goes in Ta and Six between the month of April, which month will be good, which month will be the month of trouble, if you talk about this from the Moon, which two or three days will be good, when will the money come and connect with the Sun?  Will your boss help you? When will there be a fight with your daughter-in-law? If you have a boss in your job and there is a vendor in the business and there is an overall government, then when can a government letter come? When can someone's GST ST inquiry come? Brother, bring four documents and submit.  Get someone done, when will the income tax chi come? Okay, when will this time support us? When will such a time come in the year and this happens every year with everyone that this month of mine goes well, if you know those two, three, four months of the year. This will work well for three-four-five months, if you do your load i.e. that important task in those months, then your success rate will increase. Okay, sir, I will give you an answer as if you are about to get an interview call. Sun changes its zodiac sign around 15th. Sometimes he does it at 15, sometimes at 16, sometimes even at 17 in the early morning, you may come to know about it, but look, when will the sun change, when will I go, will I give you a date, 14, 15, 16 days, okay, you know, you are sitting on the 12th.  When I go, I will take advantage of you and said, do one thing this week, Friday 17th will come, sir, it has come in my favor, now this one month, now this one month. His quick interview shed round and round, and the one who is in the job can also take some advantage by making Prajal go back and forth. Bakul sir, that will be the month when he will listen to you, when he will listen to you, get the work done for you.  Three-four months of the year are good for everyone, no chart should be too strange provided, three-four months of the year, four-five months of the year are good for everyone and two-three months are good for everyone, now there is no planet, there is no condition.  By giving special support, it is normal for some people to be worse or someone else to be better and it is a special case. If you can know which months will be good for you, then you can do your important work in those months and adjust yourself according to those months. Get it aligned with Give an apple Someone works in sales Let's say he works in sales And he knows that when the sun will go to Torus Sorry when the sun will go to Capricorn The number sign will go to number 11 The sign will go to number 12  So will he support for three months or will he support in the sign of Saturn on 10th and 11th, then what will he do with his financial condition? If the sale is from 1st April to 31st March, then in January, February, March, when he gets target allocation, then in April. He can keep his target bigger in the last quarter of January, February and March. Is it okay or does he come to know that my July, August and September, suppose these three months are good, then I will put the major part of my target in these three months. Plan it and execute it from here so that I can be comfortable in the remaining months or six months of the year. Okay, apart from this, many other things can happen. Suppose someone has to buy a property, someone has to buy a car, someone  Someone has to go on a trip, someone has to travel abroad, when should I go, which month should I go, then it will tell you when not to go, whether if I go, there will be some harm or the other, it will tell you, should I take the moon like this? Now Amit ji, your  Favorite topic is money, how is the final independence? Now if someone is investing a lot of money, if you come to know about it, because if we talk about the day, then the lord of the day is Moon, who stays in Moon sign for two and a quarter to two and a half days.  If the Moon is in this zodiac sign then it will give me benefit. I will hold on to the day of the month, these 10 days or two days or seven days will be good for me. I will trade on the same day. I will sign on the same day. I will sign property deals on that day. I will block the house on that day.  day train  I will buy, I have got all my important days, just like this, if I know which days are bad, then I will not do such work on those days, so sir, we will learn this technique, this technique, sir in that workshop. It comes from the Moon, Sir, okay Sir, from the Moon, just as the month comes from the Sun, a period of two and a half to two and a half days comes from the Moon, and the time between those two and two and a half days is the Moon in one zodiac sign, the Moon and the Sun in one day.  moves one degree Approximately, the Sun will change its sign by one degree in 30 days in 30 days. The speed of the Moon is fast. The Moon moves 30 degrees in a day. If I talk about mathematics, it will take 30 degrees to move. It takes two and a half days. How do I decide which two and a half days are good for me? I said, suppose the Moon is in this house, in this zodiac sign, in this zodiac sign, in four zodiac signs, good, if any, individual four. That is the zodiac sign of the Moon and if you have found that then you will know that these four days, six days, seven days and 10 days of my month, whatever days are coming, are absolutely tremendous, whatever work I do on this day will be more work.  Will get means you have lent money to someone. Let me give you a small example. You lent it to someone. He said, "I will return the money to you. When will he return?" He said, " You did not even ask for it on Monday, I asked for it, I will give it to you and you will give the rest."  I will not give it later  You said, on Tuesday or Wednesday, I pray to him that my moon will be cured, now you go, the money will return to you only because it is your destiny to get more money at that time, okay sir, you will get more money, understood sir, okay.  Yes Sir, I will just tell them Sir the procedure and there will be my recording in it. Sir, these people will get the recording, they will get the slide, they will get the presentation, everything will be fine, Sir, I showed you the slide, so what all have we covered, the recommendation has been made and the remedy has been done.  What to do  What not to do? Class sir, what will be good, what will happen bad, what will happen and cover it, okay sir, thank you very much sir, I will take over from here and tell you sir, thank you very much okay okay every buddy just listen to this pray this.  The workshop is for 1500 hours, the time will be discounted for all of you who are listening, those of you who want to take it will have a discount, you will have to pay Rs. 000 plus GST, you will get the complete technique.  The sun is the soul, the moon is the mind, both are very important planets, one shows the mother, one shows the father, it is very good, so whoever wants to take it, please give your name and number here. Those who are listening on the recording, it is Sunday 24th.  From 12 o'clock to 4 o'clock, please give your name and number on whatever recording you are listening to on whatsaap.com. If 24th does not come before that date, then you guys Thank you very much