Achcha Amit ji in this situation when does one know that it is the time to quit because once we start getting romantic with the process that is a big thing these days you know fall in love with the process the process is the destination the destination is reached na  There should be fun in the process, but at what time should we know? If we should come, then what happens? What kind of people are they? I am in sales, so all my words are in English.  I use it myself. If you feel comfortable in the process, then I am teaching you dance. Ok, you don't know anything about Salsa, but if you want to come to my class, then I will say, you should fall in love with the process. Now I also teach astrology. My 12 After the class, you don't know how many planets are there, how many houses are there, what does Rahu do in the fourth house, so I say enjoy the process continue, it's like process, hey brother, the result should also come, right, you came to learn salsa.  Brother, I am not learning from you, you don't have a body, Salsa wala is fine, so you go, it's fine, leave me, people like us, consultants come in play, they approach us and say that brother, I have been doing this for so many days, so give.  People like me will come and say O one minute one minute one minute you want pomegranate juice Yes yes if you add sugarcane it is sugarcane Yes this is not pomegranate If you add sugarcane then pomegranate juice  You will not get it, but I really need to tell you that you are pouring sugarcane, brother, to get pomegranate juice, you will have to pour pomegranate, then where will you get pomegranate, how much will you get for so much, if you ca n't get it for so much, then don't expect to drink the juice. Different Results If You Keep Doing the Same Thing and If You Are Doing the Same Thing Time and Again and It is Not Giving You Results Then  It's Time To Check That Man What Am I Doing If The Results Are Coming What Happens Is People Some Times Get Impatient With The Results That This Is Not Good Enough If You Are Getting Growth Like I Am Then My Likes are coming, retention rate, engagement rate is coming good, subscribers are increasing, views are also coming consistent or increasing slightly.  So that means I am doing more and less something right and it is increasing slowly but surely and a stage will come that I know that I may hit a peak people may get board that's why I got five channels not board so easily  Ho can and I gut content for five more channels also which I lach that is my intelligence ki main bhaiya ye lach ho raha hai to brothers sisters koi  And show the scheme, if it does n't happen like this, if it doesn't happen like that, then how it doesn't happen, then this will have to be done to keep the creator engaged, because times are also changing, the things which are now in my middle class, middle class things.  He said that enough has been done in the last three-four years and it will not be done again after some time because now this has happened, people have come to know that yes, we have got this awareness, so now we will have to create some more awareness because it is like that you people  They wanted to climb the stairs, now a lot of people have reached here. Now you are seeing that the movies which were made in the 80's are not made like Mithun Chakraborty's poor boy, rich girl and that love is happening and the enemies of his love are made like this. Earlier it used to be made something else, now it is made something else, something else will be made in the future, depending on how people are, so we have to change with times, most of us want a job in which no change has to be made, government job which is the most  It is called Mandan, there have been a lot of changes in the last 20 years about the way it is being done, how jobs are done, technology has come, how everything happens, many things change, so it is a changing world, it changes very quickly and we  Have to be at it, he is not the one with old time parents, we marry once, which heart is crazy, we are marrying many times, we are also changing jobs, many people are not even many times, but once.  If you are not doing it then we have a variety of people who are not doing it even once and those who are doing it many times. What happened earlier, when it used to happen once, 100 people used to marry, then 95 people used to get married once. Out of five, not two but three.  Used to do two or three others, now Bhati Bhati has come, so now we ca n't say anything about whether this is right or wrong, but we can see that this is happening in the society, then what will be the further effect of this and can you earn money.  out of it