Hello friends, astrology and love marriage, let's discuss whether you will get love marriage or not, what are the indications, there are some rules, I will tell it in a very simple way, those who have already got love marriage, see if they apply and write in the comment section, love marriage.  If you understand what love marriage is, then look at your chart, look at your horoscope, and in your horoscope, if there is any relation between your fifth house and the seventh house, if there is any relation between the fifth house and the seventh house, then your  Chances of having a love marriage increase. If the chances of love increase then we will talk about love. Today, if we talk about all the things related to love, then what is the meaning of the relationship whether your fifth lord goes to your seventh house or the seventh lord.  For example, if we take the horoscope of which zodiac sign, let's take the horoscope of Cancer, then it means that if four is written in the first house, then 4 5 6 7. 8 i.e. Scorpio Ascendant is the one, I have taken this dangerous one, Scorpio Ascendant is in the 5th house and Mars is its lord, if it goes to the 7th house, then it means love marriage will be fine or its Saturn is again, then this example is wrong.  No problem, I will tell about this also separately and because this, this, this, sorry, sorry, this, this will know why there is a problem, I will also tell about this, if I will tell about Saturn also, then there will be some other zodiac sign.  I will take it once, stop immediately, the one which should not have been taken, maybe out of 12, I chose the same one to tell, let's wait again, okay, then let's take it from late, we take the zodiac sign, we take Vargo, we take Virgo zodiac sign.  Where six is ​​written then 12 is written in the opposite of six. It is okay and its tenth sign is the fifth sign which is Saturn, then Lord Saturn goes to the seventh house or if Jupiter which is the Lord comes to the fifth house then this one.  This one will be applied, after that I will tell you the conjunctions of the lords of both the houses together. This is a little above the simple one. This is also simple. Even if their lord goes into the constellation of the other one, that is, even if the fifth lord goes into the constellation of the seventh house, then there is the link.  It's done, Nana, there has to be a link in some way, if both of them sit together, if they come inside each other, then any kind of link between F and Seventh will define that it will be a love marriage, now that will happen, how will it work?  How okay, where do they go, it will be a little advanced but still I will tell because some people are also advanced, if the fifth and seventh lord are sitting in the sixth, eighth and twelfth house, then there is a little matter, a little bit, that is okay, it is entertaining in a different way.  I never say anything wrong or bad in astrology, it does not even happen, it is okay, it is entertaining, it is a challenge, it is okay, if the seventh lord goes like fifth.  In the house, he will take some of your fame, if your partner will share it, he will also take away your virtue, that is, he will take a little bit of the seventh house, if it goes to the fifth house, then a little bit of love. I tell here about love that if Saturn comes in the fifth house.  That's why I said that example, it was if Saturn comes in the fifth house, then it is okay, then Saturn coming in the fifth house means that there will be no love marriage, anyone you know, tell me Saturn is in the fifth house.  Now the program of love has got a little spoiled, it is okay, if the Moon comes or Rahu comes, then there will be a different program, okay, then the program is different, it will work from Mercury also, love will not work from Mars, it will not work from the fifth house, it is okay.  It is okay if Mars comes in the fifth house or if Saturn comes in the fifth house then the matter will not be solved with these two planets. Even Sun of love also comes, call it cruel depth or call it a planet of people. Even Sun also comes.  Even if there is Sun in the fifth house, the situation is such that the love angle will be less. I am telling you about the three things. Okay, there are a lot of possibilities in the rest, somewhere there are multiple possibilities. It is okay to tell that Venus in the third house will help in getting attracted to the opposite gender later on. Your looks and intelligence: Have you ever wondered whether a boy is strange or even, whether a girl or a boy respects gender, that brother, check Venus third house or Jamna's or  If you are sitting with the third house especially, then write in the comment section. Today this video is on love. Love's co-youngsters also have to be added. Subscribe to the channel. I am telling things very simply. Check all this at least in the horoscopes.  You will check in 1015 and you will be seen working out everywhere, only then learn it. This is such a very simple link because it is a very common question whether I will have a love marriage or not.  Already if love is going on then it will convert into love marriage, if not then check, check how your fifth and seventh lord appears to you, is the fifth lord, seventh lord okay, is there any connection between fifth and seventh is okay, if Saturn is there.  Then that matter will happen, if it is okay then it will not be possible, this is one, Saturn will cool down wherever it goes, otherwise it will not be possible, okay, there are no simple questions like this in astrology.  I would like you all to write in the comment section the simple words which come to your mind and I will answer them in astrology way which are your real life questions which are telling you like this that we have this doubt because youngsters have a lot of  It's okay, dating and waiting person, look what's happening these days, now you guys, no, no, many people are doing love, so brother, there is talk of love marriage, so do love with someone, who can stop you from doing love?  Tax  The problem is that a lot of love is happening but it is not converting into marriage and this is a cause of great concern for many people and a cause of pain for many that if there is a love marriage then it will be a love marriage.  Is it possible that love has happened since six but marriage with the one who got it has not resulted in love marriage, this can also happen then understand otherwise many a times people leave like this and go away, love is happening to everyone, it is everyone's fifth house.  Is the Seventh House connected? Are so many people in love? No matter how many people are in love, but if the Fifth and Seventh House is connected, it will transform into marriage, then see this program will have to be done by one person and will actually work out for both of them, even if both are married.  Is it okay? If both of them are getting married then it will be a big thing. Well, look at this. If you take hold of this knowledge and learn this, then how much consultation fee can you earn from this youngster because this is the same.  So it is true that there is talk among girls that she will marry me like this or boys too, friend, see this marriage, first see the yoga, it is also possible that there is love marriage in her horoscope and you too have love marriage.  There is a combination of love in both of you but still you don't love each other because you can love anyone with any number of people, then cholery is not true but if it is not in yours then brother it is not in yours otherwise keep loving how many people.  from and  How many people still live together even after marriage? Nowadays, a little bit of love is still going on in the society. If it is still going on after marriage, then whether there is love in marriage or not, it will become a different topic or it will become a little complicated. But today I will focus only on love marriage. How did you guys like it? We do some webinars in a simple way, some are free, some are paid. To get their notifications, you will find a simple astrology webinar in the comment section.  You will find info groups, open them in the comment section and join those groups. If you have not already done so then there are very good other wise notifications. You can easily learn how to join and within the comment section itself.  You will get one of my collection of Simple Astrology which has 12 classes, there are many classes of two or two hours, you will get them through the access page, if you want to purchase it then you want to learn it a little formally.  If you want to learn according to the syllabus, there is a huge content available, if you want to take it then you can purchase it in the comment section. It is the cheapest in the entire market, I can say that it is the best, maybe I can't claim it. But I can claim that it is the best value for money, there are simple things in it and those who have done it are enjoying it. It is ok. If you want to take membership of the channel, then you can also take membership by pressing the join button. So, whatever paid webinars are done by me, you get them for free and there is already a lot of content available for the members, you can go and watch that also, thank you very much.