Hello friends, the topic is 'What can we learn from Fauji', 'Astro' is the topic, you will speak, friend, how are you linking 'Fauji Astro', then I am going to tell you one thing very clearly, if you have seen 'Fauji' normally or if you know it or watch it on TV.  Or in movies, one of their most important thing is that normally soldiers are supposed to be healthy and fit, so even they cannot be 100% but they are there at 99%.  The general public is struggling at the age of 40, so posture is very important. Your spine is your back, it is Saturn. You look at old gurus, you look at old yoga practitioners or old people. If you are a general posture, you will keep yourself well.  Your Saturn will be fine, your spine will be fine, it is not easy these days, you are doing mobile phone like this all the time, sometimes here and there you lie down like this, I look at you, you are doing mobile on one side, it is okay, you are doing laptop.  Yes, the shoulders become like this, they become hunched, then due to all this, there are some issues in the back and spine. Of course, they appear with age, so there are issues with the spine. I also consider this with your health. Now I am linking it to the seven energy chakras and this and the heart chakra, I will not confuse them, this is simple astrology, but in general you must have seen that in olden times, sages and sages used to meditate on this and that or as many as you see in our photographs.  Gods and they will see, everything is like this, it is like I am sitting, this is not natural, I am also sharing knowledge here but it is not easy to sit like this, to sit like this for a long time, to keep the poacher like this requires an effort but people are happy in life.  To be healthy, to be successful, to reach somewhere, not to be bitter, not to be frustrated, effort is required. Effort has to be made if there is effort, then become an athlete in this video. Through this medium, you people take care of this thing and take care of your pooch, keep mobile consciously, if you have to use it, then like I tell you to use mobile only, now you have to use mobile, although I could have made this on other channels also but I will do it here again.  Also, I am having lunch on astrology only, meaning that you people should understand that if you have to use the mobile also, then there is a table lying there, your table is like this, so keep your hands on the table like this, keep the mobile in front of you like this, your head should not be below the lab like this.  I shouldn't be in this  The name laptop has definitely been coined but don't work in the lab. Keep it on the table. Now, as I am making a video, I have to keep it on the eye side of my shooting lens, otherwise the glans will remain below and almost above that.  Keep it according to your height. Whatever your screen is, keep it. When your neck is not like this, just your Saturn is fine, everything is fine for you because the power to do that work comes from within, only Saturn provides it, so keep your screen.  rear right  Learn it from the Arm Forces. In the Arm Forces, there is some training that goes beyond what they are taught. It is always said in it that keep your posture straight, keep your chest behind like this, do all the deliberation behind like this. Do it a little like this, the haunch comes forward, move it towards the back and I am telling you one thing which is very good for the neck too. By the way, it is okay that you can lie down in the corner of the bed like this anytime, lower your head a little like this and neck like this.  On the contrary, there is a corner of such a bed, there is no head rest, so you will not be able to turn your back. There is a head rest, but on the side where you land, sit on the side and try to turn your head back like this. It gives a lot of relief because this one is ours all the time.  I am not able to do what I am doing like this, this is not possible, I remain down like this all the time, try it, focus a lot on this, focus a lot on correcting your back, there is a lot of balancing in your life. balance in place  You will go to many places, if you get balance then improve this and keep it as a priority. Do share this video. I have tried to tell you according to astrology, I am fine but strength is your core, it is the inner core and it is also a source of pain. Shani, if you know this then the pain will also reduce if he gets cured, you have fixed it, you have fixed the spine and poster, you have fixed your Shani, it takes effort, right now I am sitting like this, it feels like effort to hunch like this.  It is very easy to sit, you see all the sick people who go to the hospital, those who are already sick, they are like this, that is, now they are like this because they cannot be like this because they are sick, now the person with cholera, he has become like this, so he is sick.  If you are sick, then you became like this or is there any link with being sick, because I have not made it for the scientific research and proof anywhere else and I am saying only then after making it in astrology, brother, try it on your doctor for 21 days. pay attention please  Don't watch your TV lying down like this. Don't watch the screen in bed. Don't look straight like this. Do n't study like this. This one is studying like this. He is talking on the phone like this. Many people have this habit like this.  On the phone, you are doing this on your own, I am showing you why you were doing something else like this, okay, you should not talk on the phone even after doing this because somewhere, it becomes like this, like this.  Use that system with earphones, isn't it Bluetooth or is it the best?  Put your efforts and work in it and talk about it and then the scientific people from beyond will also come to that and say, fix your pot now, the most important message of all is thank you.