Hello friends, do you follow horoscopes? Earlier, you used to remember the horoscopes in newspapers and Chutku Chutku used to come, okay, and now a days, if the year goes very well on YouTube, then there is a lot of worry, this will go bad, that will happen and it will affect these four zodiac signs.  There will be a shower of money. Okay, see which one is mine. Right now there is a conflict whether it is the Sun sign, Moon sign or the Ascendant sign or that, people do n't have the knowledge about it, but the second thing I want to tell you is that brothers and sisters, please listen to this.  Don't waste your time friend, don't get involved in this, everyone is sitting with their own work, whoever knows permutation combinations, according to that 11000 crores is fine, combinations can be made, in astrology, there is that much population of 800 crores, the public is just fine right now, so quite unique  That's right, even a very rich man will suffer a loss of money, but the bread- winner will not suffer, so what you should do instead is try to learn a little bit of astrology instead of putting in so much time and for this I am making such a lovely announcement.  I am you  For all the people, on 6th January and 7th January, for ultra beginners, who do n't know much about astrology, we are conducting a workshop for two hours plus two hours on both days, Saturday and Tuesday from 5:00 to 7:00 pm, apart from that, all the basics will be taught very well.  It will be explained so that if you are interested in astrology then do not waste your time, at least you will get to know who is speaking sense and who is speaking nonsense, you will learn to do A B C D and A for apple B for boy if you read through English  If I tell you, then you have to pay only ₹2500000 which is the short form of ultra beginner, 95 rupees, even pizza is expensive than this, veg pizza is also expensive nowadays, it is okay because and you will get a recording of four hours, if you are not able to attend for some reason  Or if you are able to attend only for one day, or are busy in some wedding function or party, even then you will get the recording, you will get access to it, you can listen to it comfortably and if you come with your family, you will get to learn a lot from it in this new year. Slots are of course limited  There is no unlimited facility for anything because it is conducted on one platform, so quickly you could have done it on WhatsApp2, just spend Rs. 295 for four hours, in it you will be told everything, zodiac signs, houses, planets, many things in a proper manner, your basics will become completely strong And those who know astrology must join it because many times it is necessary to revise the basics. Many times you have gone so far ahead, gone to Ashtavargam, went to Vim Sotri, reached the Nakshatra level but this one asks you about the water element.  What is your zodiac sign? So what does it mean that something went wrong with your basics because there is a problem with the energy of the basic planet. So, those who are a little ahead in astrology and those who want to do astrology again will get a chance to refresh their basics.  You will get a start that bhaiya these things are easy to understand can we go ahead can we move ahead that is the beginners ultra beginners workshop please join it thank you very much