Hello friends, today I have come with a very interesting topic in simple astrology for you brothers and sisters. If you have not subscribed the channel yet then subscribe. There are lakhs of channels on astrology but no one is explaining the technicalities in such a simple and easy way. More people are going into ' Which is okay' but then not many people are able to connect with it because they get overloaded, so today I am going to teach you the topic, I will tell you about the whole planet.  How to remember them and how to associate with them because our old gurujis used to give knowledge in India through imagination and stories and they did not forget that many people ask a question in conjunction with this. How will it be if I sit together, I will cover all that further, mine is this, mine is that, so first start remembering this planet, then you will know which one is where and how I associate.  If I do today, through the popular characters, I will associate each planet with a character so that next time whenever you get a question, if that character comes to your mind, then you will understand its traits well, otherwise I will explain it anyway.  If you give that then I will explain further individually, I will also tell you that the Sun is like this, the Moon is like this, everyone is like this and this is how it is seen, but today I want to tell you in a simple way, let us start from the Sun.  Whenever Sun is talked about, Sun is talked about, who is Sun, when Sun is talked about in astrology, then people literally start thinking that this one is our Sun, this one is ours, this is how you should look at Sun like this.  That is, you have to associate the character with Sun, a self righteous king, the character for that which comes very easily in my mind is Prabhu Shri Ram, Righteousness Discipline and Raja Tej, so you associate this with it, second one.  Now whenever the moon is there, whenever the moon is talked about, wherever anything happens, the moon is sitting there, this is sitting, this is good or bad, this is good, this is bad, then you get into character for the moon, a moody queen, consider the moon as a queen and  She is also moody, her mood keeps changing, sometimes happy, sometimes sad, sometimes angry, sometimes love. This is such a moody queen who has mood swings. That queen queen is special because both of them are royal planets. Sun and Moon are royal planets.  Okay, now let's move ahead, Mars after Mars Moon, now Mars eats Mars, my Mars is strong, Mars is there, Mars will not exist without Mars, now which character should we put in our mind, where our Mars is there, no one can defeat us there, this is me completely.  Whatever is coming out of my mouth right now, I will tell you further, Sarata, it's okay, I sat down with passion, so what about Mangal, how are we, identification, who are we, look at the feeling of Mangal, first I told you Lord Shri Ram, you can have whatever you want in Lord Shri Ram, Arun Govil ji.  Do you remember that character or any other character because you want to associate the face also? You associate the face with the queen, associate the word, make notes, you will remember your life very easily, otherwise you will always be confused, just like in the basics of astrology.  Let me teach you and explain, no one is saying this, okay, it is the moon, Mars is the army commander, the army commander is also the one who is sitting on the horse, the enemy's army ahead is very big, okay, and he has a sword in his hand and there is no fear on his face. How much army is there behind this? This is the material. There is an army behind this too. This commander is Mars. This commander is the commander of the gods. Okay, now the order has come to him, from whom is the king, who is the king? So for Mars, this is to do and die not to ask why, okay. If you look at today's army, no matter how old the commander is, he does not ask why, it is the job of a king to think, it is the job of the sun to think, it is the job of Marx to think.  It is not the work of Marx, it is to cut and kill, so now you will understand why you become like this in some sphere, why you do not remain under control and why do not you think because it is Mars, now there is this thing which this video of mine is very high point.  There is a video, this is a formula, like in old times they used to prepare for IIT with brilliant tutorials and they used to give the key, that book with the formula is available everywhere, studies will continue, videos will come later, but this is when  Also, feel free to watch this video to see who told what, what is Mars, that army commander in English in Hindi, the commander sitting on a horse, on whom there is no fear, he has orders, he has to lead, he will not be able to do it, he will not be able to do it, he is not thinking behind.  The army is big or small, it has nothing to do with who is ahead, it has nothing to do with it, it is very comfortable and is moving ahead, so you all remember this character, as you must have seen it in some movies, right? movies happen  That he is sitting in front, doing like this, and in front, he is like this, all around him is like this, and he is sitting like this, there was also a movie doing 300, if you have seen it, where I get released like that, there must have been a lot of Hindi movies too, these are English movies.  Pick a character to visualize yourself, I have defined the character very well. Now let's move forward. Next comes Mercury. Now by what will we define Mercury? To understand, Mercury is such a planet.  I used to say Prince as Prince Rajkumar Rajkumar means child, I will say a curious child, now find out in your family, relatives or anyone, who is that curious child who has to know everything, what is this, how does this happen, he will ask questions wherever Mercury is. Your curiosity is there because Chhotu is a child and Chhotu is a child so whoever sits with him becomes the same, he is a child and not an army commander, change happens so quickly, now when I teach further, then you will know, but that is why I am here.  I am giving little hints so that you watch this video very seriously, you are enjoying, learning is also having fun, but whenever you ask next time how is Marge Mercury, then visualize it.  Take that friend, a small child is sitting with the army commander, so how is it, no one is very great, he said, he is an army commander, the child is fine, you understand what I am saying, Moon is fine with Mercury, she is a queen, she is also a child, so that ahead  You will understand later, but for now, remember the character, inquisitive child, a child who is intelligent and curious is also okay, then let's move ahead, Guru Jupiter, so visualize Jupiter, you are a round and round person, okay, the one with a smile on the face. Relax a little bit fat. Look at any person in your life who is happy, lucky but also wise and he is so wise that the knowledge he gets from him is very practical.  He can give you that knowledge very easily and simply. This is the Guru Tatva of a Guru. From the basic and after that you will feel like sitting, you will get coolness, you will get pause, even if he does not say anything, you will feel like going to him. This is the one whenever you next  If you do, then wherever this Jupiter is sitting, your stay is fine. Now I will tell you about those visions, I will also tell you the conjunction, but if you want to find a character for the guy, then find a character like this. Now you will say, he is fat or not thin. His trait is life and stagnation, that's why he has become fat and he will go to the gym, then he is not there, he is not going in the circle of good and bad, he should take care of his health, don't get into that in my character.  According to this, I am telling you a happy go lucky wise intelligent man, he can be anyone in your life and even a woman, okay then you adopt someone, next time whenever you check, you should remember that character, let's move ahead.  venus Venus means like it is Friday, we will say Venus, we will say Shukracharya, now you have to see Venus, instead of giving her character, I will give her some qualities, then you put your own in it, Venus is your grace, Venus is luxury, any luxurious thing, any thing.  It has a fragrance, it is beautiful to look at, it is a flower, if you believe that you feel good after looking at it, it is Venus, anything which is good to look at, which is good to touch, which is a luxury, it has a fragrance.  Well, she is Venus, so the spouse is also called Venus, ideally she should have those traits, but nowadays, the way marriage is going on, so many of the wrong things happen in it, so that is why I denote it as spouse, but by the way, I told you that luxury is a lot.  A good car, a very nice bed, Venus, everything that is good in it is grand, clean, some area, some place, some country is also clean and beautiful, a good country is also Venus, where you feel like going, where you feel like working.  Wherever you feel like staying, stay wherever you like only that thing, seeing that thing and feeling it, a good painting, a good song, it is also okay, so in that also I will tell you further which is the better Venus and how it is on Venus.  It is okay for you to remember this and then move ahead. Whenever Shani Shani comes, you have to see five or six things in Shani. I will tell you five or six things. Don't get distracted but understand that an old man who is a beggar and a poor person is also a poor beggar old man.  Who  He is also a little lame i.e. handicapped and also has leprosy which you can understand by meaning the one who can do as much as he can i.e. everything has been included in it, so you can understand it according to the money within the social status of a particular section of the society. Okay, if the identification that my Shani and Moon are together then how is it because now it is like this and she is the turned queen, made both of them sit together then see how is it, okay then that Sun and Shani are made to sit as king one  Man, then how would you feel? Understand yourself, do you understand why it is important to tell this, otherwise you will keep asking. Today you have to give a definition. Someone has to give a characterisation, no, but my Shani is like this, have I become like this?  No no friend, we are teaching you to get involved in it like this, you are teaching us the trait, not that something is happening to someone, it is okay, Saturn also gives a lot, what is the work of Saturn, isn't it, work is boring, basically, you are getting benefit from all these things.  You can remember the character that when it comes, you have to remember this which Guru ji told, not only the old poor, also very poor, that means bagger, I said bagger must be poor, then handicap disease is also there, so are n't all handicaps like this? How many things am I telling you, I am old, handicapped, poor, and even illness, even illness, has taken me towards leprosy. It is okay to do this and that, so it is okay to show this thing to you like this, now the last two. Favorite Rahu and Ketu is the one for Rahu which I have understood as a character. If you have seen the movie Padmaavat then Ranveer Singh has a character in it, the character he has played, you should remember that of Khilji whose eyes are the same as mine.  All you need is that attitude, it will help you to understand Rahu. Was he the elusive type, was powerful, was cunning and mean, was obsessive, was stubborn, all that was the way to you, you saw.  The real Khilji in the movie was worse than him and was useless. We will not go into history. We have to understand the character. We have to do our key to understand the astrology further. So, you can associate Ranveer Singh's Khilji with the character displayed in that movie. Take it, whenever you come next time, where is Rahu because what does Rahu want, there is also unsatisfied pun, there is a pun, peda pun, they understand that there is a thing in Marathi, so who will you relate to it, then that one. We are carrying all these characters in our body as elements, it is there, there is also Vitamin A, B, Ba, Cb, all these, everything and everyone is needed, I am not telling anyone here that it is bad, every friend is necessary, everyone.  One planet is present in our constitution, some elements are more in our personality, some are less, that is astrology, if you understand this thing that all these are within us, some have more of some, some have less.  There is a personality in it, if you are facing problem then you just have to change a little bit in these, this is the only solution, this is the consultation, it is so simple, you have to see the last one, you have to see that dialogue of Ek Fakir, have you heard that dialogue of Kisi Ka Hum To Fakir Hain?  Yes, we will leave with the bag. Now I am not speaking against that person but I am saying to focus on the dialogue that there is a beggar and detachment, someone who is a stranger these days, a beggar.  If you don't meet then it's fine but visualize it, you are also called Sambuddha, by the way, take that significant one, do you remember whenever there was a verse, the flag used to go first, always that flag is your Ketu, Ketu is your roots, understand that if you are connected to something.  Those are the roots, Ketu is very deep, Rahu's banara is a little too much, it bites, it is only Ketu that gives trouble, okay, Rahu is the air, Ketu is the desire, Ketu is the pain from Ketu, the roots are there, so like you  If you go immediately and get out of here, then that pain is there. Ask every person who is sitting outside, does he have any pain? Pain is inside everyone, it is not like that, but there should not be any pain there, but still there is pain because of the shaking of the roots. So I hope you guys must have understood it very well. We are doing the workshop on 6th and 7th January 2024. It is for very ultra beginners. If you are listening to this video before that then you have to register.  You can do UB, if you are listening to this video after 7th January or 6th January, then you will get its recording. It is a 4-hour workshop. The price is only for ultra beginners. They have done enough. They understand more things.  Although I am explaining through these videos also and will continue to explain, but if you attend it once, you will enjoy it a lot. If you become a member of the channel, you will automatically see it for free.  The membership of the channel has been started, there is a very good response in that too and that membership has its own benefits, I have enumerated those benefits in the video, so if you are seeing the join button, then you can take that membership by pressing the join button. If you are there, then you will see the workshop in it in the same manner. If it is after January 7 and before that, then if you take membership before that, you will get it in it anyway or else it will be available through the app at a special cost of ₹ 2500000. In the comment section, you will also find an Astrology Webinar Info Group where information is shared. There are some activities in it also, two-three times a month, you can join it by clicking and you will get Thank You Very Much.