Hello friends, today we will discuss about the lords of the zodiac signs and the lords of the zodiac signs and we will understand them well that brother, whatever is the zodiac sign, who is its lord, its lord will be a planet and that zodiac sign will belong to that planet, it is its lord.  Owner can speak and the house it is in can be called Lagnesh II III IV i.e. the zodiac sign in the fourth house. Chaturthesh means who is the lord of the zodiac sign in the fourth house, so people in it.  People get confused in these words and this can also be called Bhavesh. Bhavesh, the lord of the fourth house, can also be called like this. People get confused in these words. I am going to explain it to you easily. Now we will discuss all the twelve zodiac signs of Paro and their Swami, I will tell you that it is okay to note them down and I will also tell you about some methods to remember them. We know that we have nine planets, Rahu and Ketu are now simple astrology, initially we remove them.  Because they are Lords etc., there is no need to understand them right now, you will come to know about them later when the classes will start, now we will only talk about the ones from Monday to Sunday, our Moon, Mars, Mercury, Jupiter, Venus, Saturn and Sun. Okay, so this is  There are seven planets and how many zodiac signs they have. There are 12 zodiac signs. This is the lord of these 12 zodiac signs. If we do the following then first of all we will start that who is the lord of the zodiac sign Aries, Aries, Mars. Write this. Take the Lord of Aries is Mars, Lord of Aries is Mars, write it down, okay, you just have to remember this, the second zodiac sign comes, your Taurus zodiac sign comes, Taurus zodiac sign comes, its lord is Venus, write down okay, the third zodiac sign. Gemina comes, okay Gemina, the lord of Gemini is Mercury, the lord lord of Gemina, whatever you want to say, who is she, Mercury, then comes the fourth zodiac sign.  Now I will tell you a little bit about remembering them at the end so that you get a little idea. Three, four, we have done it. Okay, fourth is Cancer. Cancer zodiac sign is their lord. Moon means Moon. Fourth zodiac is okay. Fifth is Leo.  Its lord is Leo, Sun, note it down and write it down. Okay, the sixth zodiac sign is yours, Virgo. Who is its lord again? Mercury is Mercury. Okay, Seven zodiac signs, where seven is written, sign where P is the horoscope.  I will explain it again and again in a simple manner so that the confusion is clear in every video. Wherever seven is written in our horoscope, seven is written, it is the sign of Libra, it is Libra and its lord is Venus, Venus, eight, eight, wherever it is written.  That is Scorpio Scorpio its lord is Mars Okay ninth is our Sagittarius Sagittarius its lord is Jupiter Tenth is our Capricorn Capricorn Capricorn is its lord  Saturn is the 11th sign, our Aquarius is Aquarius ascendant, its lord is Saturn and our 12th sign is Pisces, its lord is Jupiter, so if you have not noticed yet, then let me tell you, Sun has only one sign, Ch is Leo and Moon. Which is Cancer? It is one sign of both Sun and Moon and what is easy? Four and Five will be written. Where four is written, it is Cancer and its  The lord is Moon and where five is written, it is Leo, its lord is Surya and Sun, okay, this thing is cleared, the remaining five planets, every planet has got two zodiac signs, ownership 5 * 2, 10 and these are 11 and 12.  If you go then it means that you have two zodiac signs of Mars. Now in this way you understand that again there are two zodiac signs of Mars, One and A where it is written i.e. Eris and Scorpio.  Venus i.e. Venus has two zodiac signs T and Sen i.e. Taurus and Libra, Taurus and Libra are two zodiac signs of Mercury, Three and Six are written wherever it is, Gemina and your Vargo, Gemini is the lord of Virgo, Put is its two zodiac signs, Jupiter has two zodiac signs.  Na and 12 where nine and 12 are written i.e. Sagittarius and Sagittarius and Saturn's two zodiac signs are Capricorn and Aquarius. Now you have to see that these two  Even though the lord of the zodiac signs is the same, Mars of Eris, which says that in Aries, the energy is of these plates, this has to be remembered whenever we say that whoever is the lord of that house is the lord of the zodiac sign, if it becomes his house then his energy.  So they will come whether it is in that house or not, now I am explaining it to you in a simple way, but despite being the same planet, its energies vary a bit, so the energy of Mars is that of Aries. Taurus is different from Mars in Scorpio. Let me explain it beautifully further. When I explain the zodiac signs in detail, I will not explain the zodiac sign to you. Okay, but now you should understand that this was basic, this is what we have to learn, we just have to learn it, there is a lot of brain in it.  You don't have to put it because what is this terminology? Whenever you learn anything, you should know its terms. The whole game has to be played using these. 12 zodiac signs, 12 houses, nine planets, that's it.  I am teaching you guys very easily, comfortably and leisurely. I hope you guys are enjoying. In the comment section you will find a special Mera Astro Was a whatsapp-web. I will tell you things and then I will also keep a session on doubts. So, I am teaching one on one very well and in a simple manner. Please utilize it and spread it out to all the people who are interested in these things. Thank you very much.