Hello friends, right now I am teaching the basics of astrology, I am getting very good response from you people, people are enjoying it, I have to tell you very easily through small videos and I am a teacher sitting in the mind of a new learner.  I am teaching it by myself, that is why its name is Saral Jyotish. There are lakhs of other wise channels, but when the basic things are not clear there, then they just trickle in and you start listening to them and then  If you get confused, I am clearing the base for you here through videos, today we will discuss only our total of zodiac signs, how many zodiac signs are there in 12 zodiac signs, now whenever you see the zodiac signs, whenever that chart opens in the software, in any Nowadays, there are many apps, if you look at your horoscope, there is a D-One chart in it, which is called your ascendant horoscope, then you will find the zodiac signs written inside it, numbers will be found, if the name is not written then one, if there is one, there is one.  Your zodiac sign is Aries. Two is correct. That is Taurus. Three is your gemina. Fourth is your cancer. Cancer is five. Where it is written, that is Leo. Six. Where it is written is Vargo. That is your Virgo. Seven.  Wherever your number is written, that is your Libra. Eight, wherever it is written, that is your Scorpio. Nine, wherever it is written, that is your Sagittarius. 10 Wherever it is written, that is your That's.  Capricorn is Capricorn, where it is written, 11 is Aquarius, where it is written, it is Aquarius and the last one is Pisces, 12 is not written there and it can be different for everyone, husband can be different, wife can be different, children can also be different.  But this is a promoted combination, it will rotate within 12 days only, hence now everyone's planets in it can be different as to who has different planets in each zodiac sign, whatever is your devan chart. This is your selfie of the universe at the time when you were born, which planet was visible in which zodiac sign, how it was in the constellation, and so I understood this as a basic thing which I will repeat again and again in numbers easily because which  Of course, this is very important for beginners, but those who know astrology will say, 'Dude, this may happen to you too in this class. After 20 videos, things may start coming to you which you don't know, but here also I am saying something like this.  Maybe I will tell you which will reinforce you because maybe you too, if you have to teach astrology to someone, then it comes to this level and he holds the finger and teaches like A for Apple. Some people are being taught in that way because they get confused as soon as it opens. People simply assume that the astrologers who teach this for the beginners class, that you must know this much, I am repeating it again and again, the zodiac signs are not written by name, they are written by number.  If it is then you will not find Scorpio and that written anywhere, you will find planets written there and you will not find house written there, you will have to calculate like this and you will know. I hope you have learned so much in this time. Thank you very much.