Hello friends, today let's discuss a little about Sade Sati, it is a very deep topic and it scares many people, this word is fine, Sade Sati is going on, so first of all let's understand where Sade Sati is happening and from where.  If seen, it is a very simple thing, it is seen from your Moon sign, whatever your Moon is, from the Moon sign, where the Moon is sitting, then wherever the Moon is sitting, in whatever sign it is sitting, if yours is fine, then the Moon sign is  If you become Lagan, then it is okay, if Moon becomes Lagan, then it will be the first house. Okay, so now whenever Shani Maharaj is above the 12th Lagan or in the second house from that Lagan, then it is the period of Sade Sati. Shani Maharaj spends his two and a half years.  The whole cycle is completed in 30 years and if one stays in one house in one zodiac sign for two and a half years then Saade Sati means one two three 2 and a half nothing is considered one and a half.  Sati, this one thing has been understood, you people will discuss it very easily, how it feels, what happens, so first of all, a little definition has become clear, today when we are making this video, Shani Maharaj is talking about his  Aquarius is in the Aquarius sign, that is, wherever 11 is written in your horoscope, wherever that 11 is written, that 11 can be anywhere for everyone, okay, but if it is in that 11, then if your Moon is of Capricorn sign.  Either one is of Aquarius or Pisces sign, then your Sade Sati is going on, what kind of time is going on, please write in the comment section whether the watt is connected, is it being cut, is it going well, is it going bad, then write then they will share it with each other.  It hurts to discuss, when many people feel pain, when many people write that yes, it is like yes, something is happening, should we be very worried about this, should we do it, no, it is not like that, it is not at all, is this thing okay?  These Apart from both of these, I will also tell you one more thing, I will give a little hint about that, we will make it later. Shani ji also has Dhaiya. Dhaiya is the one which goes from the fourth house or the eighth house from your Moon sign.  Shani's Dhaiya is also called, now what is it that friend, this is also considered bad, so three houses, these are two and a half years, two and a half years, these are 123, so these are the remaining 30 years.  If Saturn is passing over Rahu, then there is pain, so there is no need to panic now, otherwise it will happen sooner or later, if you calculate more carefully, then at the time of 50, in the period of 30 years, there will be pain due to some or the other unpleasing.  We understand sorrow, we understand bad time, while unpleasing time, job, right relationship, right money, right health, sometimes no one always remains like this, Sade Sati is there in the average life of every person.  A good number of years are lived, the minimum comes twice and even thrice depending on if it came in childhood, if like you it comes at the age of 510, then the next one will come in 40 and then the last one will come in 70.  It is possible that you may not be able to see the 100 plus one, generally the younger one has more watts because when you are in childhood, there are some issues but father and mother are busy.  So if they don't do anything then most of the issues do not happen, neither are there much relationship issues nor are there job issues, there are not that kind of issues nor are there money issues because they are children, although there are some problems and issues.  Also the child is not like that, it remains exactly like childhood, there is something or the other, small or minor, but we let it go because now what can the child do, what will the child do, it is that he also eats.  If you take bath on time, study and take care of yourself then it is not that difficult because those variations are not as much as those which come in old age and give some physical trouble and some emotional trouble if you are in your 60s and 70s.  It gives okay but it is not as painful as the period of your 20's, 30's, 40's or 50's. This is the period of 40 years, so how many of you are Capricorn right now? Lagan is in which Capricorn Lagan means Capricorn moon sign hair not talking about Ascendant D and Ascendant of the chart, I am not talking about Moon sign here because Saturn affects the mind the other way, all the transits etc. you are normal D and  These are seen from the chart but this one which is a transit, we see it more from the Moon because it affects the conjunction of Saturn and Moon and many people call this yoga as Vish Yoga.  If we talk about emotions, then how can it be explained as an example when someone starts having emotions, it is as if you were sitting in a forest of animals, comfortably, I mean, let me tell you as an example.  Is it summer time or can you tell from winter time also? The video is being made in winter or I quote a little summer example so I will tell you from the same, you can visualize a little, although it is winter right now.  It is going on but you think, May the fierce heat of passion is going on, you are comfortably sitting in your AC, you are comfortably giving some of your TV CV, some of your whole self is coming, your juice is coming, talking is going on, everything is chirping.  There is a smell, there is an environment of fragrance, if this is going on, then it will be like Sade Sati will come, first of all it will be like this, the AC has turned off, now if the AC has turned off, then it is not that there will be any big thing in life, but a discomfort.  Initially it came, okay when it comes, like Shani Maharaj's arrival comes slowly, so as if the AC has been switched off, then you are having some trouble, you are not enjoying that much, now then slowly that cold cold was coming.  He stops coming, people start getting up and leaving, those who were sitting to entertain themselves, it was fun, a school of fun was going on, they also leave, after that slowly it seems that man, that fan is on.  he was staying  It also became slow, then that fan also became slow, then it became known that the fan also stopped, okay, now I am telling you further as an example and the fan also stopped, there is also water, people also moved here and there.  AC also got switched off then something like this happened where you were sitting in that room then you went outside somewhere under the tree, under the shade of the tree, it is hot but now you are under the shade of the tree and you suddenly like that friend  it came out  Now slowly the heat also started moving, then the dust also started moving, then I came to know that the shadow of the tree also went away, then it starts doing like this and suddenly when you do that situation of your AC in that situation, then disbelieve.  The system becomes like why is this happening, why is the AC not going, why is the AC not coming, how did this happen to me, I start feeling like this and all these things happen more at the level of mind than what happens at the real level.  that would have happened  It is 20 30 40 but it also happens in real level also in physical plane also there are wrong issues but people around, relationship issues, job issues, money issues, an element of humin also comes in. This is your testing time and also payback time, Shani. Yes, God is the God of Justice, you will get it as you have lived your life, so whenever this is going on in this time and especially now, Capricorn and Capricorn moon sign, Aquarius moon sign and  Pisces, the moon sign of Aquarius, Pius and Capricorn, how is the progress of those who are sitting with their moon, how are you feeling now? It is okay, you write it, Aries will also come from next year, it is okay, before that, the period of Sagittarius and Taurus is over.  A year ago, depending on two and a half and 5 years ago. Okay, tell me how it was 4 years ago. First, tell me how it was for those who were cut and those who are running. So, you cannot influence many things in this.  You cannot change things, you do not have to be helpless, you have to keep working on it, your first realization within 73 Sati will be when Sade Sati has started well, initially you will feel uncomfortable, then when it starts well, you will feel that  In the first time no work will be done, no work has to be done, no train ticket has to be booked, plane ticket has to be booked, some thing has to be done, the first site will be roamed, you will see anything, small work has to be done and the school fees have to be paid.  The guy will not be found, it's okay, if you take out the car, you would get stuck in the traffic jam, but that feeling will be too much that I can't do any work in one go, in Sade Sati, work will be done in the third time, it will not be done in the first and second time, this is a  If the general pattern is formed, then when the work is done in the third time, then you have to understand that the work is being done in the first time only, then your pain will go away because if you think about it, it is bound to happen in the first and second time, so if  sow if anyone happens  It is very pleasant, something good is happening to me, that is the one, you have to work hard within it, you have to work hard within it, you have to work a lot within it, now keep working hard without what is there, now Geeta ji says that there is no desire of the moment.  The desire of the moment is not to do it right now, keep working, what do many people do, they give up at the half-century mark, if you keep your neck down and keep working quietly, then you will have to wait till the last 2.5, 2.5, 3 years, the period ends.  You will start getting positive results even before your last dhaiya, which is the first dhaiya, which if I give an example, the first two and a half years, which is the dhaiya, is like your AC has just been turned off, then your people have gone, then your water is purified and  The cold which was coming has gone, it happens in the second one, you are standing outside in the sun, which I told you about the second one, that now this is the peak, the heat wave is also going on, even standing in the sun, you are getting worried too.  There is no help available, it becomes like a peak period, the peak is called Sade Sati, which is fine and then it is about to go and it affects many people inside the body in such a way that initially they get headache.  There will be pain in the upper body parts, then at some places digestion issues will start, it seems that some or the other thing is going on everywhere, so one has to concentrate very quietly and they go to the unpleasant a lot and this thing is also mentioned in astrology.  Is made bigger, it is also a fact that brother, if you are doing only half and a half, then what will happen to everyone, who is not coming, then they will tell you something, someone got a lot of peak in Sade Sati.  It was found that this is what happens to you, Rajyoga is the factor, they will show the horoscope of any politician and show that he has become the PM, in this he has become like this, Oh brother, he was living his life in poverty, if you think of this then it is okay.  For him  It was not making any difference to him, since the time he was born, Sade Sati was going on, so there is no difference in this Sade Sati, the person you tell me has been sitting under the sun since the beginning, he was not even sitting in the AC, his Sade Sati What difference does it make if she also comes, these people don't understand that now he is a rickshaw puller who is working hard, he is sweating every day, he is working hard, it will not affect him that much, these touch me notes affect him more, do you understand?  yes my word man  Shani, how can you avoid this? I can also tell you some tips to reduce its effect a little. Normally, not many people tell such things so quickly because there is water in it, it is okay, so one tip is very good if your Sade Sati is going on.  It is in the evening time when the sun is setting and the night is coming. Take a walk in the evening time. You are okay. Also look at your 11th house or Saturn which rules your part which is above the feet, what is your knee called?  below from  You get knee pain and if you walk the area below the knee, your muscles will get better relief. You will definitely walk for an hour in the evening. You will get a lot of relief. The walk had started. The day was waning and the walk would have been for one hour.  If it is over then you do this in the dark and in the evening you can use desi ghee or whatever you like. Here in South India, where desi ghee is not so prevalent in any natural oil which is acceptable.  There are many things like mustard oil, any oil, natural oil, whatever you say, you light a lamp inside it, it will tell you two things very easily, there are many other things also, but there is no need to spend much money on either of these. So you do both these things and in this time it is time to introspect and time to prepare for the bigger because this Sade Sati will shake you and change you as a person.  The person has to be changed, the person has to be made better, if you register it, I have seen that in normal time, a lot of people register, first two and a half years pass in disbelief, who does not even know what he has been through, what can be done through this video. I am helping you brother, if you have Moon in Aries and your start will be one and a half to two years in advance, then get mentally, physically, emotionally and financially ready, that's okay.  If you see someone going on the road, they write, or even your government writes that the road ahead is bad, be careful, now how will the road get repaired, you have to be careful, so don't drive, don't drive on 90, it is your accident prone area.  Suppose you are walking a little carefully, just this and that period, through that path in the journey of life, as I told you, everyone has to go through it at least twice, if not thrice, then the more you learn from it, the calmer you will be.  You will remain as you are on Saturdays, do not eat non-veg, do not drink alcohol, it helps, it helps that you have made a conscious effort from within, putting in that conscious effort, putting a little control on your mind will give you peace, otherwise they will come under pain, why wouldn't I? Nothing happens like this, it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen to them, then people start asking a lot of questions, it does n't happen to these foreigners, it happens to Indians, what is this concept, is it somewhere?  Be born too, see, if you want to live in all these things, then yes, live in it, it doesn't matter, nothing happens, it's all nonsense, it's okay, but if there is some problem and you want to fix it, you want to understand that period, then you have an idea.  Well, every one who is 2.5, 2.5, his flavor and template will also be different, even the challenges will also be different, some things will be expected, some will expect a lot, some will expect a lot, that means you will be very  Now what should I tell you, write down what is Aspet, whoever knows Hindi, it is okay, it means it will irritate you in a way, tired, very tired, very tired, helplessness, hopeless, it will give you this kind of feeling, it should not be there because you have to know that it is like this.  I have to keep doing my work, you have to be process driven and procedure driven in this year and a half, what is the process of anything, that it has to happen, it just has to be done like this.  You have to do this, you have to get up, you have to exercise, you have to earn money, you have to do this, if there is a promotion, it will happen, if there is no, then it will not happen, because in this, how will you face problems again and again, how will you face problems in the job, and you are not getting the due respect and promotion.  The boss is not meeting you, you are doing such things, this is what and what is the third and fourth thing, if it is okay in the job, then brother, you have to keep doing your work quietly, you will keep doing whatever work you are able to do, then you will get as much as you can.  You will get relief and when the time comes, if you have performed properly including all the previous threads, there will be a paper check, then you will get it and you have not learned anything by crying and suffering like this and have taken yourself down, basically this.  It is time to take yourself up at the level of spirituality, at the level of knowledge, at the level of wisdom, to reduce the yearning at the level of stagnation and to take yourself up on all these things but normally.  What people focus on is how sexy my looks, how much money has increased and how much my fame has increased and how much followers have increased, this is what I focus on because these things that I told you are not a trifle, how much wisdom is there within you.  There is no parameter because the parameter that is tested is knowledge, not wisdom. Well, how much better should a person be as a person from within you in reality, because no one is checking. There is no parameter, but there  You have to concentrate here, you will neither see the bank balance increasing much nor the net worth increasing much, you will see some losses, investments will be seen getting stuck at some places. Such an environment will come and since our focus should be on the intangible things, I also say that the tange force should be on things. Take it because you can count only those, it is okay, but at this time, you have to focus a little on these things, this is the message, the rest of the nine people who are sitting with the nine zodiac signs are not theirs.  If it's going on, then focus on other things, do your work, spend money, do it on everyone, they can do these things, brother, those who are going on, take a little deep breath, you mean become the basis for doing something big.  There have been many people who did good and behaved well in life during Sade Sati. As soon as Sade Sati is over, they got relief along with it and those who kept wasting their time are nothing but during Sade Sati. stuck in your addiction  What happens in this, Nana, I have seen that people who are already addicted to alcohol and cigarettes increase it at this time or some people start a new one, because I will cover that too someday, that they fell into the pit like this. Feeling enjoyed, to deal with that thing and come out of it, we take all these things to come out at the mind level because your mind is very affected, life is going on like this in the real plane, the outsider does not know.  It will be okay, your Sade Sati is going on but you will have such a feeling in your mind that you are sitting, the cake is being cut, a birthday party is taking place, people are clapping, everyone is generally happy, there is no reason to cry, there is nothing, but there is a feeling inside you.  There will be pain, there will be sadness, there will be no joy, these are traits and if these are traits, then accept them and live with them. Yes moral of the story is there will be unpleasing, nice deal.  With it, you can't run away from it, as I always tell myself whenever I talk to clients or those who are half-assed about something, like it's a river of fire, you can't go under it, you can't go over it.  You can't bypass it, you can't avoid it, you have to go through it by doing it like this, brother, when you have to go through it, take support, take guidance from an astrologer. Don't go to all these people for this thing that whatever is happening with us, brother, this should not happen to you, people will give you the strength to bear it, the genuine ones, the good ones, the good ones, and they will increase the strength to bear it, but that  I will not use the word pain because of the pleasure, but whether they are unpleasing, businessmen, very rich people, beautiful people, successful people, everyone has gone through it and the one who kept doing his work quietly has achieved a lot.  I have seen the heights, I think one of the persons I know is Amitabh Bachchan, it is okay and I have given a lot of hits because his focus remained on work, my penis started hurting, it is okay, I have issues, but my butt is bruised, if the focus remains on work, then he will achieve.  Even if you do it then you are unpleased that you cannot achieve things because you will have to be at it but that will distract the mind, it is called defeating the mind and If you win, don't lose from your mind. At this time, there are especially good astrologers who explain that they do it, they will not let you lose from your mind, they will say, I am coming, bear it, then what happened, he is like this, he is like this, he is ill-mannered.  He did it like this, he did it no better than me, hey, he was always like this, it will always be like this, if you go then control yourself, not your tomorrow, my boss did it like this, he did it, the boss is not doing it, Baba, you are a stranger.  From  What do people do to me in this? As I explain to people, there is a boss in the job who is troubling you, so you leave the job and go away. Oh brother, that problem is of Sade Sati, you cannot run away from your deeds, you left the boss and ran away somewhere else.  And whether that problem is coming from somewhere else, I told you that you have to go through it, if your mental anxiety, you will start feeling a little normal, it will basically go away.  Clarity, the yearning for your desire, not getting things according to what you were yearning for, not getting things as per your wish, don't you have a sense of despair, you will see it from all sides, tell me how you will run away from the stock market, the investment there went wrong, somewhere the plot got stuck, somewhere some other relation got stuck, somewhere.  You will run away from the job, but who will you leave behind? You will get trapped somewhere, that thing will come, be ready for the bouncers. You can think that this is such a thing.  It's time to talk about cricket in the same parlous because it is a very popular sport in India. It is a bit tough pitch. You will have to leave the balls in it. You will have to sit wearing a helmet and helmet. Two or four balls will hit your face. You will not die. You are wearing a helmet and helmet. You are right.  You will not get even a single hit on your hand, you will not score many runs, you will try to hit a six, there will be a fear of getting out, then there will be such an environment where you will be bowling on the ball, it is not a good thing. Learn from batsman Rahul Ravet, he used to tire the bowler, the ball can be of two types, Virender Sehwag who used to tire the ball by hitting it and Rahul Dravid who used to tire the ball by leaving it, now he will leave it and hit the ball.  To make it old means that the dasha of Venus is going on, your time is going like this, to hit the ball means that in 10 overs, he hit the ball like this, he hit fours, sixes and somewhere else Rahul has to rave, then you understand this as cricketing.  You will have to be Rahul Rubbed Patience person in pearls and stand like a wall, people will come there, keep trying and that time will go and you will become so strong in it that you will say for the life to come, friend.  If you have seen what is this then you will get such a feeling. If you have seen what is this then it is necessary to see what it is to see and say what is this. If you have not seen that then you can say what is this, then everything will feel like this. This is your preparation, your cleansing is happening and you are moving towards being a better person so embrace it when it comes just embrace it yes bring it on okay when the attitude is like this no bring it on bring it  The one on then is like this, it's okay, Jaspa is awake, okay, so how many Capricorn, Pisces, Aquarius zodiac signs, a little moral. I increased it because there will be many people, there will be people on 25, brother, three zodiac signs are 12, there are only three out of 12, so whoever you are who are subscribers, out of these, it is on 25 and if it is not yours, then it will be of wife or husband or children's or  If it is from the parents, then someone or the other's Sade Sati is constantly going on in the family. This is also a fact. Therefore, living in a family means that if this is going on then let's do it for the rest.  If you move your life forward, then how many people got a little relief, I did not do any magic just by talking, I just explained, there is no need to panic at all, many people speak like this, there is a fear in speaking, there is only a trap like you know.  No, have you been diagnosed? Brother, this happens to everyone. No, this happens to everyone. Is it like this that you have survived from the 3rd month itself? It has not happened to everyone. Tell me, a king or a pauper, who has survived this.  Everyone has to come, then what is the need to do so much in the things that everyone has to come, I hope you all liked it, please share and like, I have a subscriber info webinar group in the comment section, you can join that also. We keep doing programs for some months of astrology, so depending on your liking and choice, you can join it anytime, you will get a chance to ask queries in it and learn. Increase this video and share it with people because many people are suffering from pain relieving, clarity giving, ok, thank you very much.