Hello friends, the topic of astrology is should you wear gem stones, many questions are asked on gem stones, I will try to explain in detail, there is a little higher order thinking, there is no absolute yes and no and this one depends a bit from astrologer to astrologer.  And many people within our community have their own take on this, so there is no one real truth, no absolute truth, no one can say that I am wrong. Or am I right and someone else is wrong or right, then those who are my subscribers and followers, then try to understand what the poet is trying to say. There is a discussion on what Jem Stos Ratan is, do these things work, should they be taken, should they not be taken. I will try to give some guiding principles on what should be done and at the end I will also tell you my take as a recommendation, so I will tell you one by one, if you want to see then it is okay, I am also an astrologer, okay so I am mine.  Nothing brother, okay, so this is one thing, I told you okay, the second thing I want to tell you is that it works, yes it works, okay it does everything, but even if you don't wear it, it can still work.  I am telling you that you can also treat them like steroids in case the need arises in case of emergency or something like this, but the reputation of the astrologer who suggested wearing it is much more important than his compton. So it is very easy to go to a jeweler or someone has given a gem stone, to check its purity etc., to check the Ratti, to put it according to the weight, to put it as per the rules, to put it on that day, to put it after taking a bath, to put it at this time, all that is done.  The question is that brother, if he told you, did you go to him? The problem is that money is not available, I will tell you as an example, I assume that whoever is watching this video, has some knowledge of astrology. Also watch my old videos. I explain things in a simple way. Let me pick a zodiac sign in which we can tell this thing well. Before that, I will tell you the zodiac sign. Before giving any example, Moon and Sun, Sun and Moon, Moon, this one.  One is the lord of each zodiac sign, only everyone else is the lord of two zodiac signs. For example, let me tell you this basic thing, the lord of Leo is Sun God and the lord of Cancer is our Moon. If we  Discuss the plates like discuss Saturn's Shani Maharaj ji is our lord of two zodiac signs Aquarius and Capricorn, okay Mars ji is okay of our Aries and Scorpio is the lord of Scorpio and Aries, of the two you are Mercury i.e. Mercury.  If you hold Mercury then it is the lord of Jamnay and Vargo, that is fine. If you hold Venus, then it is Taurus of Libra i.e. two and seven, where the number of the zodiac is written.  And whose lord is Taurus and whose lord is Libra, then in this way we come to Jupiter, Jupiter is also the lord of Sagittarius and Pius, so all the planets mentioned are the lords of two houses because there are two zodiac signs, two zodiac signs will be in two houses, so sometimes we  Just like when we talk about money, we also say that it is about money. Money is seen from the 11th house, so let's take the example of Scorpio from Letts. Scorpio zodiac sign where eight is written is now in its 11th house, the sign is Vargo. Okay, Scorpio has Vargo in the 11th house. Now the lord of Vargo is Mercury. So now let's talk about money. I came to know that they have mentioned some gems in the example.  I am saying that he has told something about his page and the one about Mercury, he has done a one order thinking but if I am trying to explain in basic simplicity that his  Even in the eighth house, there is the sign of Mercury and what is the eighth house. Do you know what land is there in the eighth house, whether it belongs to Scorpio or not? Tell me, the eighth house of Scorpio, which is in the ascendant, is in its eighth house.  There will be a difference in the eighth house also because you have done that also, like for Taurus, if I myself see that its ascendant lord is Mars, then the second sign of Mars, Aries, is in the sixth house, that is also the sixth house.  If you know what it is, then I am telling you in a simple way, I am not saying that you should wear it, you should not wear it, what condition is going on in it, what is the rest of the planet, whose vision is it, this is a specialist thing and the second thing I want to tell you is always  It does n't matter what people do, I'll tell you what are the biggest mistakes they make and children and someone else, my mother made me wear it, my husband does n't even know how to wear it, it's mostly ladies.  I will only talk about astrologer, there are more ladies in it, I have to do it for my husband, I have to do it for my son, I have to do it for my daughter, madam, little knowledge is dangerous, first of all, bring the one who has to do it and show it to him, explain it to him, then who will be a good astrologer, right?  That man will never tell by looking at the horoscope, he will tell by looking at it. This is a hint that I am giving, so if ever wearing this gem stone is considered a manly task, then it is a good strategy.  The inspector will say, show it to me, first of all, is it necessary or not and what will happen after wearing it, because if there is something else then you can know by looking at it, brother or sister, because if you take any medicine, antibiotics too, brothers and sisters.  Stomach upset does not happen, the rest is fine, it cures the infection, but the stomach issue remains, something does happen, won't there be side effects, how many will there be, how will they happen, this is a big topic in itself, beyond this. talk even for four hours  It can be done, but I am not scaring you here, nor am I telling you to take it very slowly, nor am I saying don't take it, I am not giving any one-sided decision, what I am saying here is that It will depend on many things, it is not moving around, it is not looking like that, my job is not looking like a government job, so I have to strengthen my Sun, your Sun is sitting below you, where is it sitting, is it sitting from somewhere, strengthen it and wear its gem. What is the point for many people, they will take a consultation of Rs 500, it is okay, they will take Rs 1100, they will take less, that is, many will write in it and include the expenses of Pooja and Ratan, they are their earning share, then you will first ask, where will you get it from, we are the only ones.  We will give you the slip, we tell you that the test has to be done, there are many doctors, they write it themselves, they also get the test done, so you know what that model is, okay, look for yourself. Casting Aspersions on Community is a Wrong Thing Always Doctors Never Do It I Feel Astrologers and We too I can never say this myself I am just clearing it now I am very great rest of them this is a wrong thing but I am here to guide you. Why am I saying it's bad, I'm guiding you to find your good one, don't look for mine, I'm not me, Jem Stoss, I say, I have a different take, I say come.  If yes, then it is fine to get punished, but brother, sometimes what happens is that the situation is such that it cannot be tolerated, so by all means, it works but as a guideline, I want to tell you one more thing here, you must be above 42 years of age.  Neither leave it with me, Guru ji of 50-55, please do this for me, I am wearing something, many people come, some people always come, just wear it for me, that means, it is ready from the beginning, someone also gives it a good one to Neelam Nalam.  While setting his program and many a times it appears from his face as if he is not saying that some rich man has come to slaughter the goat, Dyspareunia, any other mantra can also work, it is okay to do something other than eating food, just as the sun is washed with water.  It is possible and if its water falls somewhere in the pot then it would be even better, that is, these things will do the trick, but many people say that it is as if no one would take a Vitamin B12 pill, someone would just give him a few injections of Vitamin D.  just hit it once  Brother, this is something you can understand, so no, I will say that Vitamin D injections work, I am not denying, okay, I am telling you as an example, they work, but pills also work, but it depends.  Is it needed or not? Many times it happens that it is not needed. Well, one more thing is that you should not wear it all the time. If any of your dashas are going on, there is some difference going on in it, wear it accordingly, something is going on, something should be done about it.  For you still wearing that No one will come to tell you to take it off now and then something will start going wrong, so once it seemed fine, after that something wrong is happening, no one is going to tell you because mom had told you to wear it because she told me again and again.  You have to wear it exactly till this time. If this happens, then don't wear it brother. This is a very expensive job. Brother, you must be a very great and good astrologer whom you have tested a lot. Try it, whoever you have a long relationship with.  Yes, take it as per his request, these are the conditions, people coming and going, don't wear them while walking like this, I have never seen people like this on each other's hand, here also, there must be something happening between them too, system means it is like that chemistry, read it.  Yes, you people, there are no different elements in it, some with whom, some with whom, so suppose in isolation, someone has worn one, so brother, that is why I am saying that the astrologer, who will be a good one, will call first that you.  First show your hand, I don't know what you are wearing, everyone wears it because many people wear it all, now the world is not at my feet, the more you wear it, the more I fear, that means I am not making fun again, I am not again I am saying again and again in every fourth line that it does not work or you should not follow or it is not right or I am trying to tell something very great about myself and you people do not know the knowledge that it works. Works But Then You Have To Understand Okay And It Will Not Come At Low Cost That I Want To Tell That I Put Something For Rs. 200 And Take Something For Rs. 00, Your Price Will Be Worth Rs. 600, It's Not Like This Brother, This Is Then  There is a problem here, there is a problem, okay, the program will be fine in expensive, it is not guaranteed, but it is guaranteed that it will not be in cheap, if I am able to explain it openly, then you can tell me my style. This is the way to explain it in a simple way, now you will start getting more videos because I was more lost on that political channel and it is a matter of mood, sometimes what is the mood of a person, where is the fun, all this content, people think that I am I make it for people, I make it for myself, if it benefits someone then I feel very good and where the benefit is more, it is also important and it is also important to express one's own feelings, now man man ki baat man ki. Baat Guruji from Gurugram  This is my political channel, I am promoting it a little, you go and subscribe to it, it contains real issues, it is good, you will find it in the comment section, if you have not subscribed to it, then definitely subscribe to it, keep things simple, make people understand easily, example.  To explain, to relate, not to give knowledge sitting at a very high intelligent point, sometimes one feels big or not, what do many people do to show their intelligence through their words? What happens when we try? The man may get impressed because he does n't understand things but it is of no use. That's why I impress him directly by saying that there is no one better than me, so I do it. It's a dozen less from being.  Arrogant It comes from being humble in a way That man why waste time to tell me Listen to what I say Because if I spend half an hour to impress you then I will speak to you in 30 seconds Number one clarity from us  There is no arrogant person, he is just like that, a lot of people see through this as a nice gesture and that is why people are connected, such arrogance is not achieved by speaking, it is reflected in the face, actions and smile. Okay, so there is no one like this.  I will keep teaching astrology to you in a simple way and more videos will keep coming. If anyone has any pain or suffering, please tell us. We also do a lot of free sessions. In the comment section you will also find Sango Saral Astrology Group. This is like this.  This will make it happen there, hey, when that was written there, all this was written, then the life expectancy at independence was 29 out of 47 years, in 1947 it was 29 years, earlier, the life expectancy was more, no, people were dying more, you were living less.  Do you know that 2000 years ago, it means that animals, monsters, monsters attacked anyone, the law and order was not good or whatever it was, so it has been written in that type.  Don't be afraid of that, wherever death is written first, I will remove that fear a little through this video, that's why I say to you, do n't learn astrology from anyone, it is not a thing like English or social science.  If you don't read it yourself, then what will happen if you read it yourself? Death, death, you will run away from death in everything. If you say that it can be like death, isn't there any trouble? So today, the first thing in which the mother will be saved while giving birth to a child, the child will be saved. Today on A Big Thing  The infant mortality rate has reduced a lot but it has reduced a lot so we can be like race. Earlier it was more so the country and time character comes in it which country which time and who is the character whose section is being watched.  So, that's why if you want to give this thing to someone, then first of all take it to Jajman, whomever you want to accept, pick up that thing in such a way that whoever is listening to me, whomever is listening to me,  Moms have kept it, the wives have given it, go and get a consultation once again from the right person that she is wearing the right thing. I am not saying that your wife and mother would have done anything wrong, I am sure their feelings towards you must have been good but.  This or it dozen work that way if because if an astrologer has given it without seeing the person then that means there is something wanting in that person also because that is not  Supposed to be the way that way is supposed to talk to you Supposed to see you athletic and see many things, all the things, the meaning of the horoscope is also known from the horoscope, but you yourself, the horoscope, your tongue, face, mouth, body, body structure, everything.  Like they say, the dedication is strong, it is not there, there is no need to see the dedication, we can tell by looking at the face and body, a man's dedication is strong, it is okay, we will tell by looking at your tongue, but your strength is strong.  It is week, you will know it anyway. Okay, so when you understand Jyoti easily, you will know that there is no need of horoscope. When there is good astrology, that would be good astrology. Those who are very good astrology, they do not need horoscope.  They are looking at you and they know the question which is the passion going on, so now that I will not give so much free knowledge, it is okay here but if you are connected then it is okay, then it can be known like this also, then people say, hey, you are an intercessor. Light is not the innermost being  Yes, there is nothing Antaryami about it. Okay, so please like, comment. You can subscribe to the channel. After subscribing to this channel, you will see the join button. You can take it. A lot of our content is included in it. A lot of astrology is included in it. You will enjoy it, there is so much content, you will get to learn a lot from it, so take a one month membership and enjoy, our paid webinars are also there.  They are free for members and some recordings are available, so please join, you will see a better structure, slide slides will also be visible, something will look good, that is, take a look and see what is there, okay, then join will be visible along with the subscribe button. So if the joiner comes, he can take membership. Those who take membership of the channel can connect. Share this and this thing, then many people will come to know about the family groups.  If you are a youngster then you should have knowledge of mother and mother and all the mother's quest is to stop worrying about your husband and your children. Please, what are you saying, earn money, another content will start in that, psycho life wala pais, earn money.  When women earn, they have less worries because they themselves are earning. I am also telling you this, so do not put too much age-a-hobby in these cycles. Astrology  It's for the needy, not the greedy. Well, it's for the needy, not the greedy. Just because you're in touch with someone and you're under the illusion that if you make your life like this, then he'll waste your husband's money too.  You may be thinking that if you earn money yourself, then those worries will also go away, so I will simply explain the points from both the sides, I hope you guys like it, I will tell you the best way.  Remedy: Get freedom from all these things. Learn astrology. Learning astrology in itself cures many things, you get to know a lot about yourself and that itself is the activity of Ath House, so you yourself become Ath.  If you are doing household activities then other activities do not come to you, this is also a remedy, I told you to give 11 bananas to someone, thank you very much.