Hello friends, the topic is should you be doing horoscope matching before marriage, so instead of this, I will make a long video in the beginning and then tell the answer. In the beginning, I will tell you that yes, you should do it if you know the time of Dhuha Dhulan, but what should you do before that.  What people are not doing is that they first look for a random girl or boy and then set everything up saying yes, it's okay, after that they remember that they had to match the horoscope to manage it. Yes, let's go. Let's get it done and see how many qualities are found, it comes in a set of bones and then qualities come in it. Suppose if less comes then say this is nonsense. If more comes then say then it is good whereas this system of qualities is not the  The only thing in India is that marriage is not between a boy and a girl, her parents are also your in-laws and father-in-law, there are relatives on the girl's side too, it is not that easy, the second aspect is to match butt to match.  You need a very good astrologer. These are the apps that have come to you and the apps that you generally use in such a way that you have got so many qualities, that is not the thing. If it was so easy and free, then how can all the marriages be very difficult?  You are doing great, you got 28 qualities, you got 30 out of 36, you got 32 and you are very great. Okay, so they become very dowsers in marriages and what is called bare minimum.  If you want to get 18 then those who are at 18 have absolutely passing marks 18 19 20 Those who feel that they should be like this, this thing is on the edge but brother, they are doing well so what is happening then you will require a lot to understand this Today through this video I just wanted to tell you that off hand molding is necessary but there should be a way to do it and another way which is the best way should be that you  21, 22, 23 years old: Are you a boy or a girl? Do you know your horoscope? From your horoscope, a good astrologer can make a pen picture of your parents and you, that your future spouse should be like this according to your nature.  And yours is a pen picture, as they say, if we make a sketch, then what is the most wrong thing happening in the pen picture, that is, people, these days, whenever a boy is getting married, he has that ugly face. More attention is being given to the traits and characteristics, but what is his/her nature is not being understood. When the horoscope of a person is analyzed, his/her traits and character are understood. If a person with complementary character traits is taken, then marriage is possible.  If the partnership goes well then it can be told that your wife should be like this, you should be like this when you marry a working wife, don't bring too much of that family, don't do this or don't do that.  So you will have a pen picture, it has gone into your mind, now you have to match the following, in the real world people are doing the opposite, people are doing the opposite, first, in the real world, someone is catching you, go today, whatever it is, come, it's okay.  Rest, yes brother, mix it, right, this thing is happening, now I am not telling this thing as histology, I teach simple Jyoti, I tell you people very simply, let a pen picture come in your mind as soon as that girl or boy is seen and  there should be some matches there  Your bell rings like this and just approach it there, now call it love marriage, call it arranged marriage, you want to call it some marriage, get married but you should be very clear that your spouse will be like this, many times it is written that my husband is a little high.  He is on energy, now you can call him a quarrelsome person or maybe he is in the armed forces or in the police, you are looking at that thing, how through astrology you can put it in a different element.  You can also take it if your spouse is a woman of yours, she is a girl, she is supposed to be on this horoscope, she is supposed to be a little hood hood, dhabang dhabang, a girl of her own mind and after all that, then be ready that yes, you should also meet like this.  Find such a girl and marry her because if you find a petite girl and will be very obedient and if you feel like this then will something else come out of her or she will remain the same later Gulshan.  Gulshan flowers will bloom, later when the flowers will bloom, you will know what happened, then it will be a surprise for you, that is your promise of your chart, which is your flavor of the chart, you cannot go out of it much, in that you will get a lot of choice to choose from. Jaega Kun, this marriage is still a free will exercise, people say like this, it is destiny, it is written that it has to happen, it is not like this, it is not written in stone that it has to happen, yes, the general trait is written that yes too, as if someone says.  Is it true that there will not be much happiness in marriage? If someone brings such a thing, it means that there will be no happiness in marriage or the happiness of marriage may be because of wife and husband being separated a little due to job and they may have some other issues.  If you live with that thing, if you marry a working girl, then in marriage, as soon as you marry a working girl, you will face the classical marriage which is written in the text and which according to the society, there will be a reduction in happiness, but that happiness will not be there.  I got some benefit from it. Working lady has money.  She is earning, she is self-reliant, independent, smart, if you lose your job, it is yours, if you have got a stomach ache, if something happens in your life, then she is there, then you have taken the rest of the benefits, in this way, astrology should be used smartly, with using but that first.  You should accept that your marriage will happen at the age of 27, at 26, or at 28, whenever it happens, but brother, what is the need to wait till that time, if a girl brings a boy, Pandit ji, come, astrologer ji, Namaste ji.  If you match the horoscopes then the software will kill you by doing something like this and will give you any number. Hey, do you want to make a pen picture or what is right for me. There will be any two men, you will give them some numbers, right? What marriages are there for you because those things.  The marks may be cut for you, that is the most important thing in life. You understand my point, tell me one thing in life, if you are satisfactorily in those 20, then you can make my marks 50 but this.  My 80 have come and I am not getting my 20. Actually, I want only these 20. There are many such people, many of them think that brother, this is what I want and many of them may have physicality, may be something sexual, may be something food.  It may be possible for someone to have a brain, just as it happens to someone that I have a brain, my brain is stimulated by a partner who has less intelligence, you will bring that doll type, you will bring a Barbie doll.  You will come that everything is great but brother, I want this one, brother, I will not be able to marry again, if your qualities match, then 28-30 matches are made for you, but the one who does not match, you wanted only that one, your criteria was only that, if you get it.  You would have compromised everything, that's why this horoscope matching is very good should be done but it should not be done so casually expenses are wasted, people would think like this, we  Nowadays, I am telling you that only P does that, Ashtakoot in P, the matching which is done, you know, if it is on eight parameters, then it is Nadi Dosh, it cannot be a child, it cannot be so, then its number is eight.  Now it is technically what it is because of medical science, it is not given that much value and the things which we used to give less points earlier like compatibility and this Maitri Vetri, they have less weightage, they will have more weightage because brother, we  Actually, there are some big needs in 2023, I am doing research on this at my level. Now through this video, I am calling my astrological fraternity and those who follow astrology well, who know astrology, that we Need to change: I am making my own weighting system that for someone this thing is important, you have given it a number but for him this number is the most important.  It is important that if his number goes away then just don't do it. If you are sitting somewhere with something as per your wish, then modern times have come. Things are called whether it is constitution, amendments, society or technology. Changes are coming in everything, similarly this is a  Having our own system and having a very good method, the time has come to tuck it into the rules, the calculation will remain the same, it is time to change the weighting of everything because when the new time has come, a very good video has been made. You have to spread this in the astrological fraternity. If you are astrologers and know all this, then please write well in the comment section also that there is logic in this thing that has time come to now for us astrologers also to start working here because we are the ones.  They are carrying on with the old things and are doing them and the results are not coming, then what is happening with this, people lose faith in astrology and I don't want to do that, why did I do simple astrology?  Started so that even a 12 year old child can understand things in a simple way because when he will not work then people who are normal common people, they say to them that brother, it is a simple thing, if you get 30 qualities then it has become deviants, if you get 21 then they will not answer.  Now today I have got the simple answer that brother, 21 marriage is 21 out of 36, first class marriage is going on, 30 out of 36 is not going because 21 marriage is going on.  The points he got were the ones he needed, he probably would have got them satisfactorily and even if there were 22 numbers instead of 30, 23 would have worked well. I hope I have explained things very simply. Please do share this thing. Thank you again.