Hello friends, 36 to 42 years of age is very important in every person's life. I will try to tell you a little astrologically in simple astrology. First of all, like the channel and subscribe. Amazing videos have come in it, which you can see separately in the comment section playlist.  Wherever you go, you will see that there are videos posted on where your pain comes from and where you will have to work more. Such interesting videos are given which If you are between 36 to 42 years of age then you should explain this thing very nicely without making it technical.  If you are listening below then you can write and speak your age. Thank you Guruji, we will be prepared. Those who are above 42, tell me brother, this is amazing, this happened with me and someone who is only 36 to 42.  Those who are going through this time, then you say that it was fun and we are going through these emotions. At the age of 36, the eyes start opening. Eyes means our inner intelligence starts working. Before that, we talk to our parents.  -They are trapped in their father's cycle that Papa ji will tell, Mom ji wants this, Big Boss wants this, at the age of 36, a person comes to know that actually this is the work he was doing.  I was made for this, I have interest in it, I go crazy, then at 36, a disillusioned stage also comes that friend, what is happening, do you understand that I got married first, so how did I want a partner, how did I like this only then.  I tell many people who cross 36 and don't get married, then brother, you can marry anyone, you will not feel any sorrow, you have got clarity in life, is the activation of Saturn in 36 a judge, but everyone's  In the horoscope, Saturn does not get activated at 36, it even goes till 42, depending on the degree at which it is in your chart, because it appears to have the formula that is fourth from itself. I will not make it technical, but in how many years will it take.  Will he travel, how will he travel, how much will he travel, in 12 years a complete journey takes place, then at the age of two and a half years, I will not do it technically but I am telling you that from 36 to 42 years.  An amazing age to become a lot of conflict will come to you, this is fine, that is fine, wherever your Sun is placed in the age around 38 years, it will ask for sacrifice from you and if you have made the sacrifice, if there is something fine there, then your life will become very good. Sacrifice will be asked, many people do not do it. For example, if your Sun is in the ninth house then around 38 years you should check, it is okay to check wherever it is. Sacrifice will be asked: If it is in the ninth house, then father will say something. Son, do this. You will be called upon to do some duty which will appear as a sacrifice. If it is in the third house, then the younger sibling will ask for something. He will come from somewhere and check you.  If you are sitting in the seventh house, the Sun is sitting in the eighth house, then these losses will come from there, so this is an edge and the garb becomes amazing, then the one around 38. Your Rahu gets activated in 42. 42 is a very golden age. 42 is the very special year in everybody. What is special. Okay, and those who are getting closer to this, please listen with open ears and send messages to other people also who want to touch this 40. In the 40th and 41st year of the 42nd year, you will get a chance to end something old and start something new. You may be able to use the opportunity, or you may leave the opportunity, but it may not happen.  Ca n't get a chance Ts wai I say that every big guy is in job A A No matter how old he is 25 28 30 32 His retirement age should be 42 in mind So you should think that even if you have a 50 over match but you  You are saying that I have only 30 overs, I have to retire at 42, which nowadays people often say, 'Fire Fire is FIRE Financially Independent'.  If it is okay to retire early, then retire early means according to me, it is not that you do not sit and do nothing, you do not earn money, but you will get opportunity, you will get freedom from job, then 42 is very significant 36 37 38 39 40 41 42  In this age, we have to listen more to ourselves and less to others, understand that no one will tell, I am the person who gives knowledge to people, I give it on everything.  When I am there, I speak, listen to what I say, listen to your heart in 36 to 42, that will be right, 32, don't listen in 33, not in 33, it is okay, 30, it is not that the mood doesn't come, it comes before also, but in 36, which  If Miji was coming because of not taking decision or because of not being able to take decision or someone was not allowing you to do anything, then now it will be clear to you what came.  Want in life because half of my life is coming into the world brothers and sisters because I don't know what I want, brother, I see that women are very unhappy, there is consultation in marriage madam, what do you want, do n't you know now what you know is this.  I don't know whether I have to go to Trim or Jammu, Vaishnav Devi, then which train should I put you in, if you are a consultant, we have the entire train schedule, the ship's schedule, but where should I turn my head, which of your flights should I put you in?  I do n't know if I have to be put in a train. Okay, so what to do now. I have to go somewhere. I am not enjoying it. You have to be very sure because there is an English saying. I don't know whether I will remember it or not. I have to tell her right away that if  You don't know your destination and you 're in a ship Okay and you're going to the sea And you don't know your destination Then no wind will be favorable Understand English wind first  The ship used to move according to the wind and even today it moves. If you get an even ship then it will be even if you are in flying. If you are into flying then it will be technical, but in that also PNR etc. are calculated. In flying, tail wind is head wind and everyone speaks.  And on a bigger level, when you are flying a plane at 36000, you are not flying, you are not flying, if you are flying in a plane, then the wind is coming from the front, it is coming from the back, the side.  Will it make a difference as to how much of its component has arrived and oil is saved? Sometimes it's okay, it reaches quickly, man, because your task is true, the speed increases, so if you don't know the destination, if you have to go, then nothing will happen.  Be Favorable in Your Life Thatch Things Will Start Becoming Favorable in Your Life Because Now You Will Know What You Want Now You Know Your Destination So  Now you have to just go and take a favorable win a mentor a guru a guide a person my best subscribers my maximum students are in this age group and what I enjoy the most I probably haven't told this even to my students till date  When I see this thing, those who are most engaged among me and who still understand everything, it is not that they are not in 20 or not in 50, 60, 70. Everything is there but who enjoys it the most or not, because those who have crossed 42, because even after crossing 42, it will be known from 36 to 42, the one with 42 knows, the one with 48, no one knows.  Do you know that even Ketu gets activated at the age of 48? The last planet is Ketu. After 48, life itself becomes different. Four 12-year circles end and there is a cycle of 12 years.  If Jupiter goes, then it becomes four, then in 49, a new one starts, then the case of the one with 4 becomes different and whose case and final case are different after 60, but till 60, people mess themselves up so much.  Let us assume that at the age of 61, he becomes very bitter. Learn Astrology, come and take membership of the channel. You will find group in the comment section. We have many webinars on Astrology, we have done them before too. Learn them, you will definitely get peace in life.  You will definitely watch my videos because now what have I told inside it, now what magic will happen from this, what kind of astrology can you learn from this video and by making predictions you have earned Rs. 1.5 crores, this video is simple astrology but you have realized that yes friend.  Actually, I did not know, yes, I did not know at first, then I came to know, but I did not find any guru, did not find a mentor, nor did I come across a dozen of gurus, which means that they put up photos of someone and him.  This way  Keep doing Aarti or make DP, I am not talking about that Guru, that too is fine, people have created it, look for someone where you get happiness, it is good, a person like me never becomes judgmental and the truth in life is that when you  You accept someone as your guru, it is okay even with a stupid person who is not that good, he also becomes beneficial for you, I am not at all saying here that you should go to hypocrisy or get yourself exploited and do not do that at all. but I am a  I am creating a different perspective, this is also a fact of life, so get a mentor, talk to intelligent people because now you know what you should not do and what to do, it may not be clear because there is a thirst after 42. That also gets cleared, Ketu also gets cleared, sorry, Rahu gets activated, so Ketu is 48, okay, this activation thing is very important, activation of the planet means and where it is.  If the first house is activated then Rahu is in the 11th house then brother will increase the income. In the 10th house there will be some work related event but will give you some opportunity or the other. Rahu is like that amplifier effect wherever Rahu sits, it amplifies and increases.  So when that year comes, you get the full opportunity to expand there, buy a house, go to a foreign country, expand your business, do a collaboration, get an inheritance from somewhere, and get a gift.  It can also happen that something rockets into your wife's job or your spouse's job. What good will it do to the housewife? What opportunity will she get? Here we have so many housewives, so her opportunity will come through her husband so that she can get something in her life.  If it is done then we can see it in this way. Like Share. Whatever innocent questions you have about astrology, put them in the comment section. I have seen that pleasure should come, so without making it too technical, I will describe the thing as pleasure.  I am taking it because my mission is to bring astrology into people's daily routine so that they do not become delusional, nor fearful, they come to know how to use it, they come to know what is happening, our old one is so lovely, now people, is there science in it?  That is the story of grandparents, now tell me, there is no buffalo at all, no, it is scientific, it is astronomy, it is astrology, it is Vara Mahira, who was it, how was it, which one was it, what was it before, why did we do it? Why are you getting into arguments? Okay, tell me, if there is astrology, then tell me. Like earlier you used to ask when will Covid end? Is Covid going to end or something like that? It is like asking when will this phone break, now its life will be over.  What effect is it having on it? Can I tease him with this phone? Can I make him tear up? Can I make him angry? No, then I can troll him like this if someone does something against me.  It is written that if tears come out of your eyes, then it can be predicted that you are weak or if you cannot do so, then you are strong. It is possible that if you remove tears from my eyes then it will be known by looking at the astrologer.  And to win, there should be a human being, there should be consciousness in it, now how to tell the future of the dog, where is the consciousness, many things are missing, have you ever seen any animal crying, do only humans cry, so there is emotion, no, we have few in some.  Are  And they will enter into the debate. They are still not saying whether animals dream. No, it has not been checked, there is no such research. Yes, now we are talking, you can dream, if you close your eyes, you can reach Switzerland, you are next to the bird.  You can reach here, you will also see Trump, now you close your eyes, don't think about all the elephants, don't think about the elephants, then you must have seen the elephant, then all these things are happening, it is happening to the one in whom it is happening.  You can predict the future because you can see the movement. Why do you have to predict the future? If you drive fast at night, then it is time to predict the future. An accident can happen. If you drive fast at night in the mountains, now predict the future.  And it has become easier, you drive fast at night in the mountains after drinking alcohol, now it is confirmed that brother has come two or three times but one day you are driving drunk.  If your wife took control, you were saved, but the future could not be predicted because your wife was sitting with you. You did not know that one day you were going, the car would have reversed, but then a cat came, you saw the cat, you applied the brakes which was coming from the front.  When the car was coming, he saw a stopped car, then it is not enough, these things also happen to you, can someone bring the cat to save it, those little things will happen to you like a cat coming on the way to save you, all your actions.  was useless  You are driving fast, you are driving under the influence of alcohol, it is okay, but will the cats come every time? This is what makes astrology interesting. Don't put it into debate. Experience, it is there. There are certain things that we have to experience which I have lived many times.  We do experiences in etc. They are good, I never record them because it is for experience, it's like good song, good food, say how good it is, the food is good, good, good  You don't know until you eat, astrology is also like this, so please learn it, you should enjoy it. If you enjoy the videos, then write in the comment section, I will keep making you, keep listening, one day you will become 100, 150, 200. You will become such an astrologer that people  You will bring peace in life without any element of being you. I need a job. I will get married. You do n't smell good. There is no glow on your face after seeing you. You don't have any money, father.  Yours are not rich, you are demanding a girl's program, you are sitting with so much. If there is no change in these five things, then you will not get married. There is no need to show me the horoscope, the horoscope shows how stubborn a person is, that the advice that will be given is this. You will follow the children, you will get a good haircut, you will cut your dirty beard which your friends have said looks good because your friends are not actually friends, they are cunning, they are you, you look like an [ __ ].  They are the ones guiding you. Get clean shaven, improve your personality, fix your job, you should smell good, you should know how to talk politely. Have you ever seen that many people get irritated? I may be an example of astrology, but I will talk to you about relationship matters too. Remembered from relationship, my relationship course is also starting after Diwali, whoever wants to join, brother, it is a wonderful thing, it is iconic, you will listen live, you will enjoy the expense.  You will have to do water and you can do it on the number given by me. Have you ever seen that he is not a very handsome man in height but he is a smooth operator? Girls think that he is a crazy lock. He also has a small belly. What is there in this, friend? Kashish is sitting next, brother Venus is in such a place, Shaktiya is good of the world, no one ever speaks dirty, you see, there will be five-six trades, then you will keep crying, girls are crazy.  It is stupid, it is useless, so if the boys are listening to me, then sometimes the inheritance also happens, although the inheritance is less, it is okay, but it happens, sometimes it happens, so you have to understand this thing that how ha how does it.  It happened that an IT guy came, the package is very high and says, Guru ji, I am not getting married. I am good to look at, I have money, I am also well-paid, yet marriage is not happening because the next person has created so much confusion in his mind. Regarding, I want someone who is intellectual as well as beautiful from whom I can grow something, that is our Acharya Prashant ji who has wisdom and consciousness, he does not know astrology, he does not know astrology, what do he believe and he told the story to other people that marriage  Do it in such a way that it awakens the discriminating intellect and consciousness. The thing that awakens the discriminating intellect and consciousness is not visible and does not look beautiful and the beautiful one too, when God was distributing it, was not distributing it like this and also gave beauty to the brains.  Even if you give everything to someone then enjoy it because if you have given so much to someone then he/she will not marry you then you have to pick and choose, you marry someone and increase his/her intelligence, intelligence also increases otherwise. I talk, then she is talking like this, she will talk like this, if you take this much, even if we go astray, sometimes what happened is, sometimes she writes to me because there will be so much content in my one video that I am  How many topics should I add, my topic should be that Anand  The video has come, all the videos should be like this, so those who listen enjoy it, those who listen enjoy it, because of what happens to us many times, there is one thing in life that many of my things are just for the purpose, you may find Oxy Moran  But sometimes what happens is the fun in wandering, the day is amazing, look at the scene in Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak, Aamir Khan and Johi Chawla get lost in the forest, but if the company is Jhui Chawla and you are young and it is amazing.  Is it the day or doing something like this and roaming around and the song is coming, so friend, it is fun to roam around many times, it depends, we are stuck in the lift for an hour, now who is your company, we have sat in the plane, who is the company?  If yes, then you should not take stress. Whatever I teach in the video, do not ever think that I do not prepare or I just write left and right. Many times I have such points. Take this, this is such a dirty writing, sometimes myself.  also like this  I don't understand, okay, but it is not like that, I am taking you somewhere, left brain, right brain, seroti, dopamine, endorphin, oxytocin, I am doing everything, my words, I just saw this, right now, that consignment was caught in Delhi, whose heroine's drug was caught?  Some hashish and some intoxicating thing, I don't know how many thousand crores worth it had come from Colombia, so this is needed to get drunk. If you have real knowledge to offer all this then there is no need to go anywhere. Well, we are even more expensive than that. If someone believes, learns more and enjoys, then he will get all the four things just by speaking like this and this thing is absolutely legal. Look at how much is being spent, all these concerts etc. are being made in this cycle.  If there will be a concert there and this is happening then it is good that Delhi Police has done a great job. The youth in the country should learn astrology. This is your child. If you are a 60 year old listening then send your child this. If he learns astrology then he will not be drunk.  I agree that whoever among you is addicted, you should start learning astrology, gradually the addiction will end on its own, it is not that it will end as soon as you start, but it will not start again but the body needs it.  No, you will run out of money, what a big thing you are saying and just learn what I am teaching for free, then when you learn better, then you can also spend money on water supply, but try it for free here before I lose it.  The rest of the channels will be left in the free channel only.  You can take membership, you can join, you can enjoy and being happy is not easy. Many people say that being happy is easy, being happy is not easy. Being unhappy is the default setting and easy. People go for the easy option. Learning astrology is easy but not simple.  Understand the meaning, sometimes something is simple, sometimes something is easy, you will learn, if you want to learn, you will learn many times, but do as much as you are taught, do not take stress.  In the Indian education system, did the teacher make the class high? I did not understand this. I did not understand why I am getting stressed. If I did not understand then why am I getting stressed because I have to give a test. If you earn marks in the test, then parents.  So even after getting a job, you learn something like I teach you or learn whatever you understand, or there is no test, you learn even 15 % out of 100, you will get pleasure from that too, whatever you understand.  Do whatever you want, and even if you don't understand it and enjoy it, it is better than doing useless drugs. Like, subscribe, share. I want to expand this channel. I have n't told you yet, so.  My request is humble, if you have a wife in your family, then you will not be affected by the husband, children and mother-in-law. Maybe you are fine, but if you take the parents or anyone, all of them, and whoever takes the mother-in-law also, then there will be peace in your house. Membership of this channel will bring peace in the lives of those who have spread Raita in their lives, subscribe them, just tell them, listen to everything and it is guaranteed that you will have all this within seven days.  There are not so many videos in it, it will be easily consumed, the amount of content that comes in your web series is much less in time than in a multi-series web series like Mirzapur, where there is only violence, even if you fast forward and watch it, your head will explode. You don't know where you will reach. If you make notes then you do n't know where else you will reach. I give a small technique in each. The video in each is of 2022 minutes. There are only two techniques. Sun 38 years old will ask for sacrifice. Have you done that sacrifice your life?  Have improved if you have not done then it will remain the same if you are 37 years old, 38 is about to come then open up quickly 38 years  Off life is 38 years of life i.e. if you have turned 37 then 38 has started. Remember if you have turned 38 then 39 has started. People make mistakes here too. I have explained it earlier also so please if not your friend then look around for someone.  38 39 37 Do a little of all three and see for six months, because sometimes what happens is that those things start appearing in the market and you start getting a complete feeling that the reason is wanting something and  He has given you time of six months of a year to do it, if you have to do it then do it, sacrifice will be good for you, if it is okay for you then like and share, thank you very much.