Hello friends, today again we will do a simple technique and you will check if Sun is in Lagan. Whenever Sun is mentioned and any planet is mentioned, then its zodiac sign can also be seen. Even if it is Leo, it will work but if Sun is in Lagan.  People consider this person to be a little arrogant, they understand that what happens is okay, it happens and they also understand that this is a fact, I am telling Sun's technique, we will talk about access from 1st, okay, Sun should be in the seventh house.  so its partner  One has to go through trouble in life. Sun in seventh house can also get insulted from ladies who are sitting with him. In some way, this is also a technique. Sun in first house will blow hair. It is hot, he is seated in Lagan. You should check Sunan Lagan.  It is okay to check how many people have their hair blown out and Sun in Lagan sets a lot of boundaries, you can do it like this, what is it with this, that English narcissist and passive aggressive behavior and whatever is this in English, isn't it?  All these do not go with the Sun in Lagan, so never ever you know do this, the Sun in Lagan is visible from a distance, the Sun in Lagan is sharp, that Sun in Lagan will be visible from a distance because the house wise is exalted, it is elevated in the sign of Aries. In the horoscope of a Kaal Purusha, these are the simple techniques of Sun, you apply them and see inside the charts and this is how it works, I will tell you one more thing, if someone has Sun in the 10th house then he  I am always telling a man to walk with his head covered, he must wear some cap, head gear, it will be very good for him, this is also a very good panacea technique, do it, if you like, what is the harm in doing it, try it, okay, Sun and 10th. You should put your head gear in the house and see, it is okay and Sun in the seventh house also gives brightness, that too will give brightness to the personality on the face, although the seventh house is debited, it is debited in the sense housewise, it is okay, but then  Also shines and if it is the passion of Leo then again it will work beautifully and I am not missing anything. Yes, there is one more thing again it is linked with the fact that the Sun in this passion will worry a lot about self-esteem.  I am taking out my very old astrology notes, okay, and after taking out snapshot techniques from it, I will tell you that this juice is sugarcane juice, which is called nikalke or  It is not even of sugarcane, it is pomegranate juice, it becomes more difficult to peel and there are small seeds, okay, so I am giving you this pomegranate juice to drink very easily and it works beautifully beautifully, this is what sun will  Do this and apply it on at least 1015 charts which you have and you will see it working very well. Subscribe to Beautifully channel and like it. Thank you very much.