Hello friends, the topic is only astrology. Through my videos, I am taking people to astrology through simple astrology. I am telling it in a practical way, I am not even going into technicality. Today's topic is, what are you irritable doing this mistake?  What I am going to tell you and which you should not do this relates to irritability that you are not happy. In astrology we know that the fourth house is the house of happiness. Moon is considered to be the natural factor there.  And if you have to eat moon, then the mistake that I see people making is eating food while walking and listening to the radio in crowded areas. You can never be happy. I will also tell you what to do and how to do it. Food is very good. It is a good place and very good food to eat which satisfies your soul, if one becomes happy from within like a soul, people are not putting enough effort on their food, the new generation is so busy, they are not thinking.  That I should pack fruits, I should take some food from home, I should sit somewhere in peace and eat, I am eating food while walking and I am getting too much time to eat in my life, I have eaten my food, I have attracted it, I have cooked it.  It is okay and I have told you 1.5 crore times not to save strength but still he should go home and tell me that this bell has rung, there is no cure for it but I will still continue the video, okay so whatever food you have, it will give you peace.  Have a place to eat and eat as per your wish. If you insure this during the days of majority, your irritability will go away. Boss does not allow you to eat. Someone called during meal time. Food was not available as per your wish. Bread is being served raw. Food is not good. Salt is too much and is less.  If you are not enjoying, you will not enjoy life. This is the most important technique which I am teaching. Your mind will get distracted, your mood will get spoiled, etc. By linking with this, it is said that if the milk is boiled then it is not considered good.  Because  The moon got spoiled because your mind was busy somewhere else, so you could not monitor the milk. If there is any relation between such milk, then all these things are linked. It is very, very important in your life. You have to be very very particular about it. Consuming food in a quiet area, go to eat somewhere, eat under a tree, eat somewhere sitting peacefully, do not eat anywhere where dust is flying, in fine dining, even if you are going out to eat. Go to a very good place. Even if it is costly, otherwise avoid it. Avoid these things while walking. You will see a lot of difference. You can eat in peace while speaking love to someone. You can eat while sitting with your loved ones.  Ho to nothing like it and sometimes controversial things at the dining table, sometimes about someone, yes, how was your exam, don't ask all these things, don't give knowledge to her, light hearted at the dining table. Keep the conversation on the dining table. Keep the conversation like this. Hey, which picture will you go to watch, when will you have fun, how much fun to have, what to buy, how to do it, light hearted talk, address here to every father and mother and the woman, the trouble that happens at times, the moon is bad.  You say that your mood gets spoiled after eating your ready food, brother, there is no option, find an option, stay happy, when did I say that it is so easy today?  It is not easy in life that you can be happy so please follow this thing in your life. Thank you very much.