Hello friends, this is a deep topic, you have to understand it well, put it on your family groups, give it to your friends, spread some awareness because of this, I don't think any video has ever been made on this subject properly or this thing has been made easily and simply.  It has been told from Sango, it is a simple astrology, things are explained in a simple manner, there are so many things like this, today's topic is whose feet you should not touch, should you touch everyone's feet, should you seek blessings from everyone, this  There will be a lot of clarity on the matter and you should send these things to your mothers, sisters, mother-in-law, father, children, friends, relatives and understand the essence of it because I had once mentioned it like this on me, many people got questions, so I am making a video.  I hope that you will understand it with great pleasure. Understand it carefully. Whenever it is a matter of touching the feet or taking blessings or not, then two people evolve in it, one who touches the feet and the one whose feet are being touched.  One taking blessings and one giving blessings, so this is a video for both. If you are a little old because you fall in that category, do you have to bless everyone or do everyone have to touch you? Do you have to put your hand on everyone's head? I want to tell you first of all the way of taking blessings by touching the feet and that is that the person who is giving blessings should be sitting comfortably and peacefully and his shoes should not be socks. feet must be on the ground  The taker should also not have any shoes on, he should also be barefoot on the ground and you should touch the toe of the taker's feet with your hand like this, actually on top like this and the giver should have it on his head.  You have to give blessings by touching like this, whatever he wants to give from inside, this completes your circuit, you yourself visualize this, this is the ground, you are standing beyond this, you are fine, this person is sitting, this person is fine, you are standing like this, he is bowing.  now it is  He is bowing, this is also connected, this is how he touched the feet, he gave blessings by actual touch, so this is the complete loop of energies, if you understand, all the feelings are blessings, which is getting completed, this is the way, I should not say this but do speak.  So you know I have no hesitation in doing this to anyone. Punjabis, our beloved community, have perhaps realized this, perhaps they may be intelligent, that everyone is like this.  No, she says 'Mmm Aa', she says this to everyone, so they have made a parry pona system that eight people are standing, parry pona from the farthest, this is fine according to me, instead of this, I would call it gimmick, I am fine with it but it  This is still better than taking from anyone. Now do n't take from anyone and take the first thing from the person whom you don't like, it can be for any reason and don't take blessings from the person whom you don't like in any way or anything.  Don't bless, don't do this for the sake of it. Understand this deep thing. Your mother-in-law will say this to her sister-in- law or to her children. There is no mother in this, mother does not know. This is a sanskar taught from somewhere. Bend, bend, bend. This is control.  It is not a culture, it is what it is, I am going to teach you today, listen, this should come from the heart, one who does not deserve it, just because your parents first created you, a dozen became that you are wise enough and a good one.  Person that you are sharing blessings or your blessings should be taken just because you are older than someone Dozen do this second thing is also true just because you are coming to take blessings from me and I don't like you or your actions  If I don't like you or do n't like you, whatever be the reason, I do n't want to give it to you, then if you want to take it, then parents should not give this blessing to anyone other than their own children, i.e. those whom they have created. is this  We can follow one rule, daughter- in-law genuinely likes it very much, daughter-in-law likes mother-in-law very much, it is okay, however, there is also the fact that our girls are not made to do all this, I will never make it again, otherwise that Khichad is the focus there.  It goes, it should be done, you can also do it, you can't do it, it will have a different focus that what is the system of girls, so you don't have to do it, you don't have to do it, you do n't like, don't give blessings to your daughter- in-law, what can you get out of forcefully. you don't know  Then you ask anyone about your women who are old, there is so much pain in their bodies, why do they do all these things, they spread their raita on the contrary, they say that little knowledge is dangerous, look bad. I talk according to Guru Tattva, those who like me, I have no gender bias, no age bias, nor do I talk to anyone directly and they like it. Women have very little knowledge and men have zero.  So what they say about little knowledge, they say in this proverb in English, In the kingdom of the blind, the man with one eye is the king, okay, there is such a saying, do you know it, okay, so everyone who doesn't even know the name. Let's outsource what this woman will do, it will not be right, now as the woman becomes the one of that house, now taking that class, I too am feeling stressed that those were those who were there historically in our society, then when did they give them that knowledge.  They start using it for themselves, for manipulation and power, it is not known that it is there in the society, you know that there are different castes in the society, so one caste has been accused and there is truth in it, okay brother?  You people had this knowledge, you used this knowledge too much and misused it for the gains of your power. Everyone knows that it is in public discourse but that thing has also come inside our house. I am saying this.  Having more  This bowing will have to be used only in front of Har Re Gare Nathu Gare, this is not a correct thing and blessing Har Re Gare Nathu Gare is also not a correct thing, there is an astrology which gives its virtue from the ninth house, this is a virtue.  Yes, like he charges for consultation etc., every person has a virtue, he must have done something in his life, right, when you give blessings, you give with that virtue, so see this.  When Guruji came, I used to do a analysis of who is deserving and who is undeserving. Just like we used to study in our maths, there is some analysis in science or there is an antithesis or there is an Antonine to teach it. I also do some reverse thing to show the blessings.  What is the opposite of curse? Well, you must have seen it in old movies or old serials, there must be someone in it, if you hear that I curse you, then why curse?  It happens that you say something to him and something bad happens to him. Do you know the definition of curse? So have you ever thought that this is what cursing means, a person has got so much power that he will curse and that.  Will say and this will happen, then it means unlimited supply, then you become a world power, become a super power, there are so many Indians, we all curse our enemy country or whoever the enemy is.  If you have cursed, then you have to understand that the supply of cursing or giving your blessings is limited. Only the person who has cursed is able to curse and whenever he gives alcohol, his power gets lost.  If he can curse only one person in his life, then he will be cursed too. If there is such a definition, if you understand it according to religion, then you understand that he will not give liquor to random people like that. You did not make tea for me, I asked for tea, I give it to you, after today you will never be able to make tea or be able to enjoy it, you loose your power and just like that, you cannot use it on the go, just like you consume liquor on the go.  You cannot use it, this is a lifeline, because its supply is limited, it will get exhausted, so now you will say that man, he is a great man, he is a good man, he is Guruji.  There is a perfect man, he is of Babaji type or whatever good we have in him, people go to him and take blessings and he is living such a life that he is getting supply generated and he is such a great man. Which maybe you give to others as well, but from what I know and as far as I have understood, these people also do this by actually touching their feet, they do not even give this by actually touching, have you ever seen this and that is why they say Namaste.  These  There is no handshake, this is useless to us, this culture of handshake is the culture in other places, just like there is a culture of eating a liar, it was not ours at all, beyond that, a separate video will be made someday. In every video, I leave something from the video ahead. Well, we have that tradition these days, the wife is feeding the husband, taking photos of herself, taking it from her plate, no, absolutely no, absolutely no, we don't want anyone's food, if it is being wasted, then put it somewhere else, don't eat it yourself.  many mothers eat  I do n't have to do what is left of the child, that will be a different video some other time because as I talk, that thing also comes to my mind, but today I stick this thing here, let's listen again and again. Blessings to every person. Deni you have to be very sure just because some buddy is nice to you Namaste uncle ji baba ji this and smile mara now you really don't know just because some buddy is nice to you you this extreme  Let me take an example and tell you that the extreme example is a rapist type man or he is like this, he has not been caught, he is a cunning man, he is a dirty man and he talks to you very politely and you know that he is a very dirty man.  But ca n't do anything but you generally know what scandals he has committed, so will you bless him just because that person is very nice too?  You ideally speaking you should not because the first thing in giving blessings is that you should not have any greed of your own and you should be connected to that person at a very deep level and deep you know you know you can give the expectation of anything to your children.  Of course, they also should not fall in the category that I gave in the previous example, but generally you should be there for them. Unfortunately, I have seen the blessings of parents for their children.  They don't come out for us as much as they do for the neighbors and this has become a show, no, they don't come out, they do n't even behave well with us, so now you understand that you have seen this thing or this comes out of your mouth, I have consulted many times. I am asking this, hey, the person next door is so good to us, so it means there is greed in it, my blessing is for the one who is good for me, blessing should be for the one who deserves your kids, your own blood.  Deserves deserves, that is, if your child has not bowed down, then even if the hand can reach the leg, it is not necessary that he should not know how to take it, nor should he be a fool. If you are not there, then it is definitely for the children. You should definitely take it from your parents. Because it is within the family, because you are in your new home, taking out some juice from within yourself and giving it to every person, do not give it to every person. Many times people say to me, sir, I want to meet you, Guruji, I want to meet you, but I don't even get the blessings brother.  It's a distant thing, now the second part of this video starts, first of all you have done the blessing of meeting someone, there is no blessing in meeting anyone, don't even meet people you do n't like, you don't have to meet people, brother, the situation there will be like this.  No, that situation will not be like this, avoid it, you will suck the energy and go away, then you will not be happy. Look, either understand these things from someone and see the effect change in your life, in one, two-three months, in the next 90 days, I say.  But don't meet the one you don't like, whatever be the reason, I am not saying meet him less, don't meet him at all. No, I don't like my boss. How can I meet him? Yes, think about how I can get a job.  Should I change my work, how should I do my business or I cannot be there physically, emotionally, mentally, physically? The body will remain the same. Disconnect the soul. Disconnection of the soul. If you know the Atman, leave the connection from within, the pain.  You will not get an end, do not meet, do not enter, do not argue, do not discuss too much, do not meet unnecessary people who do not make you feel good for any reason, a separate video will be made on this too, many times people say, if I say one thing, he will not mind.  I say don't say anything because you know the point of saying bad things, do n't say bad things to me and the next person becomes like this, no no, not for your good, not for my good too, don't say, I will take consultation if needed, then ask someone. Not from professionals, I would like to tell you too, no one wants any good, to remember someone, everyone has to make someone feel something for their ulterior motive and these games are played openly in the family, in the organization, in the office, in friendship, everywhere and  No one comes with a straight face and tells this thing so casually, he has entered, take his blessings from him, take his blessings from him, don't say this, don't take it, do n't take it, mummy ji I don't know. That uncle is son, he is a very great man, no, no, I don't know which one is a great man, what will he give for what, you tell this to anyone, you are ready to drink tea from anyone's hand, anywhere, I don't say these things now.  Classist and this kind of people do not come, no, it is not from the hands of such a poor person, you will drink anywhere on the road in an unhygienic place, you will drink anything, eat food from someone's hand, you will do anything without having knowledge, even there you think, right?  he also washed his hands  It will be clear that only then all these different types of systems have been created. If you do not do all these things, then you have made the blessings even lower than this. By giving this example, I am proving my point. Blessings and blessings are considered to be such a moving thing that you can eat toffee of any brand, someone can give you a pill, they are sitting in the bus and they eat that, eat like this, some people eat everything.  Let's eat, I am not refusing, but do you see that the lid of this bottle is closed, it is packaged, it is Himalayan water, it is water- based, it is like that, do you think that what can be eaten by putting it in the mouth?  Is it okay before or do you ask 150 questions before doing anything to someone? You have kept this blessing even lower than that, what is there in it, keep doing it like this, hey I will tell you what you have to do if this  If you want to feel then you can use your hands  Keep it like this, close both the eyes, first see, listen, then do it and after this try to bring your hands closer and visualize that you have a ball which you are moving around like this, you will start feeling energy. Your hand will not come close, in such a way you will feel from inside that there is something there, try this and try it, now people say that it is superstition, so and so, oh, what am I telling you about my feeling, there is something, there is something, just close your eyes and visualize it.  that you have  There is a ball in the middle, globe type C and there is light in it, think like this and you are able to feel it like this and you want to bring your hand closer slowly like this, it will take a lot of effort to bring it closer, bring it slowly. Will you feel something now, how much great energy is there on this and that science and knowledge will be researched now, then you will see in which H will be the new by constant and this wavelength and then again you will accept all the things, accept all the things, do it.  Do it but brother, you go physically in your zone. You do n't say that I am feeling uncomfortable. These are women, they know this thing very well because their attitude is a little better. A man comes, someone is looking at me like this. How is he looking with his eyes? He did not raise his hand. It is said that his eyesight is bad, so how does his eyesight become bad? You tell me, I am talking about women, how should the eyes be seen like this, is he like that, Gulshan Karwar, Shakti Kapoor or  look just like them  You will have to do it to get bad at acting, like they do in the movies, I don't want to do it, I too am feeling very shy, otherwise I can go to some level to prove my point, the job of a teacher.  I can go to some level to explain, but I myself am feeling uncomfortable because I did not think before making the video. If I think, then I do it. So you understand that many women are not necessarily at that level.  Till them acting  What needs to be done is understood only in a normal way. Women realize that there is a man standing behind them, he has not done anything yet, has not even touched me, but this man is not well, tell me how to know.  There is something, there is something, women also know, just talk to a woman, if the woman is listening, please write to me whether yes, I am saying this right or not, then you people come to know that women.  A little man is also a little sensitive to all these things. So if it happens a little, then they will also start understanding what I am talking about, so do not interact with any person with your mouth raised, do not approach anyone with your mouth raised, do not talk to anyone with your mouth raised.  Don't eat that food, don't do it like that, I am not talking about any discrimination here, I am not doing it at all, it is okay but you have to do it where you feel right and it is necessary for both the people, there will be many people who will help you when someone is coming near you.  Blessings are above money, below it  Just think, blessings are above money, you say they are above money but you don't believe it. If blessings are above money, they are above money, then no man will keep giving you 00 500 000 2000 lines or you.  You will see that friend, I deserve it, when you give money to someone then what do you think about giving it that anyone can come and take how much, hey, we knock anyway, we knock and give to everyone, don't we?  But even if you give, it is not like that, there will be no one among you who would have never given money to anyone, would not have given money, would not have helped, everyone does it, but what do you put in yourself? What do you put in? I deserve it.  Brother, then why are you not feeling it in blessing, why are you not feeling it in giving or taking, or have you considered it as a very low level thing that keep doing this peri-pona, this peri-pona business has to stop, a community will feel bad.  What she was doing is all artificial, sometimes in the affair of Peri Pona, what is Peri Pona Pepo, one is standing, 10 people are standing from a distance, I did it like this from a distance, why brother, what is this, what is this Peri Pona, you with love  Say Namaste Aunty, Namaste Uncle, Namaste Ta ji, Namaste cha ji, say hello like this, say hello, love me and you have to give blessings only to your extremely close ones.  Keep your blessings reserved for the needy not the greedy. What I am saying to the giver and to the taker is that you are getting blessings so easily. You should be getting blessings in your family, you should be getting them from your parents and those who are very close, then you are taking them from others.  If yes, then there is no value in it and I don't know from whom you are taking it, I don't know whether it is worth taking or not, I don't know if he is a dirty person, you will come to know that a dirty person thinks that he has committed many scandals in life.  On the contrary, will you feel like going and taking blessings from someone who has done something wrong? If you still have to take blessings from within, then what is the compulsion? Under whose pressure are you taking it? What is the meaning of taking it? Yes, keep the blessings. Which blessing is this to the society now? Please spread this thing through this video, I would love it very much, the channel is small, I also know that no 1.5 crore people are going to watch it, but if you try a little, then this is what is happening forcefully to many people. everyone's everyone's  Take blessings, no, all are good, no, all are good, do n't speak like this, son, son don't speak like this, daughter do n't speak like this, this is trauma, this topic will then leave my Astro channel and then go to my other channel Sango Life on Sat, so I will stop it here.  I will give that I am thinking, let's not put it on that one here because some things might have happened in it where many people say everything is scientific, I say that these are the stories of grandparents, these are the stories of grandparents.  If you feel relaxed, if you feel happy, then come comfortably, listen, if you like logic then do it and there is so much good feedback here, although I have 15000 subscribers on this channel, I am getting very good feedback and I want to grow on this page, I do not want anyone to stop me. I want that those who understand things should get 1 lakh subscribers. It is good to hear, drink milk, it is winter, add turmeric along with it, it should be jaggery, ok, jaggery is the factor of what is milk?  Whose factor is turmeric and whose factor is it and if your spouse is sitting next to you, your wife or wife is fine, your husband or wife is fine and you are in the quilt and her house is yours, I have set things up today by giving you a small remedy. It is very much like this and there is no issue in your life or there is too much of this in your life, you do this as long as this winter is going on, watch good content, listen to good things and make time for yourself at night time. So, when you watch these videos of mine, make that time and you will start getting great peace in the next 21 days. I have created an atmosphere of milk, a little turmeric, a little jaggery, husband and wife together, who is in control of what, who is whose.  Whatever little astrology you have learned, write it, otherwise I will make a video on it sometime and one more thing, I want to tell you all that we are conducting a workshop on remedies on Saturday Sunday, which you can watch here.  Watching the video, I think the date will be 20th and 21st, that will be my date most like January, which is also Saturday and Sunday. There will be an excellent workshop of two days of remedies of 5-5 hours each. Those who want to register for it, there is a discount for my subscribers.  If you want to join me then I will get a chance to understand you and there will be a workshop on remedies. Thank you very much.