Hello friends, this is a very popular question in astrology, where to see the transit, where to see the transit, the transit that happens in the horoscope, people see it from the Moon sign, see it from the Ascendant sign, astrologers also have different opinions on this, I have an opinion of mine.  I will tell you, watch with dedication, Saturn's transit of Sade Sati is seen from Moon zodiac, rest you watch with dedication, dedication is your everything.  Yes, it can be shown through the mind also, but you will understand only through hit and trial that what affects it. My observation has shown that if we are looking at the transit of women, it is the horoscope of the woman and if she is a woman, then we should look at her.  Women can see from the Moon, yet men are more receptive to the Moon. I have generally observed that the dedication of men is the dedication of your zodiac sign. Do you know that the dedication is different for the moon sign?  If the ascendant is different then it is called D and chart, which is called Devan chart, then see the transit from Devan chart only. When Saturn is in Sade Sati in you and Moon, yes I agree, it is seen from Moon and by seeing from both of you, you can see your individual.  You can also check which one of mine works more, which one has more effect, will the Moon one have no effect at all, will it not be from D1 only, will the Moon one also have an effect, its percentage will also be anything.  Going ath from your Moon will trouble you, it will be fine as Saturn becomes Dhaiya, it is fine, but look at Lagan also and mostly do it on Lagan because it is simple astrology, I do not want to complicate, what is normal in technical keys now?  It happens that when people learn anything, they can learn it from zero to 80 very easily and instead of learning it directly, they talk about 95 to 100 level first.  Now you have to learn, out of 0 to 100, you are sitting at 10, the journey can be made from 10 to 80. Instead of doing that comfortably, everyone will get into the technical like me too. You guys are posting simple astrology videos in the comment section.  People have to ask straight Navansh, people have to go straight to Ashta Varga, people have to go straight to Nakshatra, people have to go straight to earth, this is like this, when you learn astrology, I should do it like this and this.  Then you can't learn anything, learn it as easily as it is taught, the journey is simple, it will go smoothly, why is it like preparing for IAS or any big exam, if I learn everything, then nothing will come of it, brother, little  -Learn a little bit, as much as the rest is a game of luck, will the paper come? Many people dilute themselves so much, I am not able to understand it, tell me this, tell that, tell me, connect the dots. No, it is like bites, you can eat, there is only so much food in the mouth, so only so much food can be put in it, so that it can eat, it is such a small mouth, if you put so much, it will not be eaten, that is the simple astrology, relax, watch my channel or other channels. Don't compare with me, my channel is very relaxed and excellent, I will tell you little by little, no one tells you, they start teaching everyone and these basic doubts arise that are not clear in your mind and your  Innocent questions come, there is no normal patience. Whenever there is a teacher who is doing paid courses and teaching, he is doing a little of that. I have complete patience here. There is no such question, it is a very innocent question and this is a stupid question. You are also having basic doubt regarding astrology, he should ask but now don't ask directly that brother, you explain it to me D60, ok Satans, that one, reach beyond that D3, reach something there, don't reach here brother.  You will learn it gradually and if you reach there in two to four years, you will see and that too will be taught and explained easily. Do not be afraid of astrology, you have to enjoy astrology. Learning astrology is a very good remedy in itself. I will tell you this because in the eighth grade.  It is connected to the house, if you have any activity from the eighth house, which I am just explaining about the house and all that and leaving it here only by giving a hint, then if you are learning astrology then somewhere else it gets cut off, which means a lot to you by learning astrology.  there will be benefits  You will get relaxation and as much can be digested in a day, small people say, tell big videos in one go, teach quickly in one go, brother, there is a lot to learn in one go, there is a lot of curiosity, there is a lot of everything, there is a lot of excitement. Comment. My Astrology Astro Vedic course is in the section, it has 12 classes, it is of two and a half hours, buy it, the work is done, here the government job is like a slide, the office will be done comfortably and peacefully, today we will learn only this much.  Just like Yudhishthir ji had learned, always speak the truth in a week because whenever any knowledge has to be understood, it has to be internalized, then it is learned gradually and it is learned in small portions, that is why I am five-seven  From the video of just one minute, your little one as they say, if you feed the baby then you don't feed it like this, you feed it like this only, to whom it is happening that I know this much, you can tell me all this.  Used to be  I know that by predicting me like this, Vedic Astro Course, Diwali is coming. Anyone who wants a little discount can ask from me, I will give it till Diwali, it is ok and anyway it is very cheap or very cheap, if you see the rate then you will say.  Should I ask for a discount but if you ask, I will still go and learn because you are very curious, okay then you take it, it is very cheap, okay, it costs less than a picture outing and 24  The content is of 25 26 hours, it is very 25 26 hours, you will understand its meaning very well. Those who do not have patience, those who have patience, then we are learning here, we are learning slowly, we are learning in small portions, so learn this also.  Thank you very much