Hello friends, these initial videos of my basic astrology are going on which will be 10 to 12 in total. In this, today I am going to tell a very interesting thing to the subscribers and understand this thing very carefully because you are also one of them.  You will become an astrologer and the astrologers whom you go to are of one of these two types and today I will recognize you, there are two astrologers, one is Venus based.  An astrologer is a Jupiter based one. In Hindi, astrologers are Venus based, one is Shukracharya based and one is Guru based. You will find only two types wherever you go. Today I will differentiate them and tell you a little and you have to recognize which one you want to become.  Or which category of astrologers do you see? It is okay and you will get a very good match. If you ask me which one is good, first of all if you ask, you will say that  Till the end I will tell you whether Venus is best or Jupiter is best then it is like that every friend is important, both have their own significance, it will depend more on your nature that which will work better for you, allopathy doctor will work better.  Or if you do Ayurvedic, then I will tell you their differences. Understand that Venus based exposure is allopathic and Jupiter is best, understand that it is Ayurvedic because you will get allopathy and  I am sure there is a lot of difference in Ayurvedic, I know that both are fine in the mind, this is for long term and this is for emergency, Modern Medical Science, those astrologers having Venus base will look a little thin, they will look bright and high on energy.  They will speak quickly and make such predictions and their consultation usually lasts for 5 10 15 20 minutes. Your Jupiter will be the best.  They will be fat to little, the smile on the face will keep going on, there will be a pause and first of all, when you come to them so sad, then as soon as you come sad and come in an emergency, the person in Venus looks so professional to you that Yes yes yes, we will do this chart like this, tell me the time, tell me this and it starts everything, ok, Jupiter will be like this, it is a good problem, ok, ok, we will do it ok, then you will feel that man, this is looking loose.  There is a little Guru, which Guru will be the best, Jupiter will be West. Incidentally, I am telling you that the fee of the one of Jupiter West will be very high, it will be very high, I will also tell his region from Venus base, the one of Jupiter will do a consultation in 2 days because he is going to stay cold.  If he is relaxed, he will do five in a day, then the difference between the one who is doing 510 in a day and the one who is doing one in two days, plus his consultation will be 5 10 15.  Its duration will be 20 minutes, 25 minutes, 30 minutes. It will be one hour for minimum, it can be one and a half or two and a half minutes. There is a difference in this that it will also cure you, it will also cure you, it will cure you permanently, Jupiter is the best one, never again in your life or any astrologer.  There will be no need to go near it, it will mostly take away all your pain in life in one go and if you will not be able to go near it again, then you will not be a repeat customer. What is this? This is also an important steroid type.  The man is dying like a nut, literally, but steroids save him, okay, you know, that is Gem Stos Remedies, he will tell that kind of karmic remedy, eat like this, sleep like this, get up like this, wear like this, no expenses like this.  There is no water, worship this one a lot, go there, go to the tree, go there, go here, go here, I am not criticizing anyone, don't think that I am praising it, praise it.  Both are necessary depending on your situation and who you are and where is your Venus, where is your Jupiter and what kind of person you are, then you will automatically understand that yes, this is right for me, it is not for me like I am.  I know what type I am and I know from the horoscope what type the next person is, then if he is not my type then I refuse, okay I refuse, it is not in my power, you are not for me. Because if you go to him whether you want a job or are not getting promotion, if you want promotion, then he will force you to do something for promotion, no matter how much probability comes out in it, because it is client based, this one will tell you.  Now why should you say this nonsense, I am giving you so much money and you should ask me why should you say that even if you don't get any benefit by taking it, you will be away from the family and will stay away from the family and will remain irritable there.  it  Even promotion is not going to give you happiness, right now you are at rest, right now you are worried, you don't know how long it is, because Jupiter's horizon is very big and his vision is very far away and he thinks big, Varvara, your Jupiter is the one who will think big there.  Everything will become big there, Venus is this Venus. If you understand, like if you are doing puja or a wedding is taking place, if any ritual is taking place then Venus will be the base person, whatever astrologer call it or call it puja.  It will be very strict, only the left hand has to be moved forward, then it has to be done like this, then now now do this on the left, now get up, now do this, do this, now at this time, it will happen like this, and this is necessary, it is not condemned, it is not condemned by someone from Jupiter. Just like a client asks, yes, this has to be done on the same day, do it when you feel like doing it, then the next one will feel like this, this is the big one, the Venus person will not say like this, the Venus person will say at 12:30.  Abhijeet, by doing this at the right time, you go there in that direction, like this, this is allopathy, okay here it is that brother, what you have brought, you have not come to me to get treatment for problems, you have come to get treatment for your symptoms.  The problem is that you have so many symptoms, brother, the fee of the West person is five to six times that of Venus base, also know this, the fee is huge and he will talk very coldly, so you have to see that you get your bed.  I have to take a solution that the blood came out, stitch me, put a bed, take it out, that too is needed, sometimes you have a problem, this one will not do it, this one will not do the small consultation, I want this small consultation.  If it doesn't work, then release yourself whether you are in a Venus based situation, a Venus based astrologer situation or even a Jupiter face situation, I have told you that you will look like Golu Molu.  With Jupiter Venus, you will seem very sharp and very focused and very serious. There will not be much smile on your face and there will be a sense of urgency and the urgency will be to help you and also for the next client because there is a lot to do. Now the Jupiter guy is sitting comfortably, today if he has to do only one thing then he will give you full time but he is taking money, he is fat, at the end of the day both are earning almost the same, you can think this but it can happen.  It is a bit too ritualistic, being ritualistic is bad, it is good, it is not a point of discussion because it is required in few cases, like if you go into medical science, then it is ritualistic, isn't it? Medical Modern Medical Science Judges all rituals, whatever it is, first of all  When we give glucose to Lita, it is a procedure, it is a ritual that after taking this lump, all these tests will be done, you will have all the tests, so you will have to get the tests done, that too.  There is a ritual, then reports will come, then on the basis of the report, something will be given to him, there is a sense of urgency in it, is it a good thing, yes, it is a good thing, it depends on the time, what is your biggest thing, what did I tell you, how did I explain in the best way. What kind of disease is yours, what kind of treatment do you need, what kind of permanent treatment do you need, why did it come and sometimes what happens is that both are needed that you take it in an emergency and then use it to solve the whole problem. took  Astrology is not meant for a common man, it is meant for a special man, so the expenses have to be paid because some man, the old deeds of your 20, 30, 40, 50 years, this karma, this karma, give you clarity, save your big money from sinking.  Save me from getting trapped in a relationship. Save me from getting trapped in a relationship. Your energy is getting too much. If you save her then brother, her fees will be quite a bit, not that lakhs and crores of people waste it.  Wrong marriage can just destroy you. Not marriage can also destroy you. If I marry me, it will destroy me. So, without marrying, within a few days, I will destroy myself because someone else has destroyed me.  Didn't do it but you do n't realize that by being alone you can do it to yourself and when you realize that I am more dangerous being alone by myself because people very easily say no, don't get married, hey brother first.  Look at what you are worth, you are worthy of being alone with yourself, when people come to me asking that yes, I didn't do it, first see, don't take it, she will come and do this to me, Section 498 will be done, this will happen, oh brother, you are with yourself.  If she commits a scandal, then there is a chance with her, whether she will or not, it is not necessary that a girl comes in every marriage, I was born to do 498, girls are not born like this, it is okay, so there is a chance, but yours. with  You don't know what you can do by being yourself and then when you do it, then you will come to the marriage market to recover, then brother, all your hair has grown out, your age is above 40, so what will you get then?  So you can take this thing through a consultation, you can take this that I have taken the choice of life, someone has taken the suggestion that I should not marry, this is a choice, then they should say that this is a choice.  How will she work out? She gives a perfect workout for many people because they can stay with themselves, they are cool minded, do some of their work, keep reading and writing, do some work, is there any purpose, is there a fulfillment example, I am telling you that this is a long and long time.  If you want to see something long, if you want to see it for 10 years or 20 years then Jupiter is in waste. The boss is on your head in life. Every day, 10 days, 15 days are not passing.  When the days are not passing, when five days are not passing, it is an emergency situation. Venus is the best. Venus is the best. And when you want to prolong it, then if you have passed through it and do not want to go to it again and again, then take a look at this also once. Look at both of them.  Lo, understand the difference between the two, but today at least I have told this wonderful thing through this video. Otherwise, we astrologers do not understand how to judge that which one is this, what is he doing, this is bad, he has Gemstone.  If he has told you about worship, if he has told you this then it is bad. If he has not told then it is good. But brother, he has not shown even by doing any magic. In five minutes he will show you something by doing something during the day. So if he is doing something for a long time then it is in this.  If you have so much patience then he also took the full amount of money. Someone took less consultation fee and told you five things and medicine. Someone took five times the money for those five medicines but did not give the medicine. So many times people took this too.  There are so many that I feel useless  If medicine should not be given to me, then again the answer lies with you both of them are required, both of them are good, both of them are experts, both of them are required, they say the same thing, isn't it about astrology also, it is not a stream or types. What kind of people are there? You will be able to do anything. Like I told you with a beautiful example, doctors are also of different types, some are like this and some are not like this. All such methods have their own requirement like allopathy is very popular these days because people want instant results, so this may be required in your life, you have to get instant results and then go to get your treatment done because this one is this one.  If you say Jupiter is the best then you will say why are you getting it done, don't you, Guru ji, I have to get it done, you have to get it done, then you will have to do something else, then in a very good way, I will get it done.  It seems that I am explaining well and it is very important to clear the base. Before we start our technical part of it, we say OK, Kundli is the house, Rashi is what, this is what it is, so we have to start, but it is important to talk about these things first.  Out of these, write to me in the comment section, which astrologer have you followed in your life? Now do it mentally, okay, which one do you want to become yourself or how do you feel, after hearing these things, which way are you inclined? Jupiter  Both of them will have to learn this, this one, Jupiter, also knows all these tantra mantras, this one also knows, do it like this, but even after knowing everything, this one says this, chant Gayatri after waking up in the morning.  After doing it, he will turn it into a mantra, he also knows everything, he also knows everything, he is the Shukracharya, he is the teacher of the demons, if you call him the teacher of the miscreant children, then the teacher of the miscreant children is not a guru, he is very patient like that. And it makes a lot of sense to them also because when he was asked whose will you belong to, then Guru belongs to the Gods and he belongs to them, so I am not saying that if you are going to Venus then you give. Or by the way Varsa But I am telling this story through my word of mouth which runs like Puranic stream, Guru has so much respect for Shukracharya of Venus that when the Guru wanted to learn Vidya to teach his child, he sent him to him too.  There is a back story so this is how both of them respect each other while knowing it is just that both of them know what I bring the other person dozen bring the other person is bringing something very different and special which may be required  For that person so both of them recommend to each other also this person will say ok this go to this  And here is the case of this one and yours, you must have seen that even among the doctors, many times, the ethical doctors, who are good doctors, refer that brother, this one is my friend, that one is good, so this also happens because he is very good.  You are doing it by cleaning yourself because it comes to know because Jupiter Best comes to know that only this will help the person because its requirement is like this, it does not have that kind of thing, it needs it like this right now, there are many such people. not now  By doing this here, rest of the things come, yes, see, yes, we look at the month and two months also, we do the personnel, so this is how it is, so remember this, make notes, I hope you are making notes, I want my subscriber was.  It is okay to make notes here and please include more students with your family and all. If you make notes then learning becomes better. Have you ever seen any subject?  We do joint studies etc. as it is always good in the family, if husband and wife learn or children learn or with parents or with someone then you will have a bonding over a shared knowledge that friend, I have understood this, you have understood this, then there will be notes to come.  It is possible in time, if the subscribers of my channel increase and I like it and also get time, then I will not commit even a single free bit for whatever five 10 classes I cover.  I am depending on how I get the response, beyond that I will clear the doubts like A is for L, B is for Boy C, then you have spelled A for L, if someone has a doubt then I will keep clearing it because my aim is to spread astrology.  But just understand, I would like to send 10 people to 20 people, I would not like to come just for this, I will also have 500 Hajj, so it feels good to tell them because they say right in the rally.  When a big leader goes, he sees a good crowd, then brothers and sisters, if it doesn't happen, you can see till there and from here to there and the eyes are not able to see, then there is a feeling like this, that is the feeling, if you want that feeling then You people can give that feeling, what is the problem for you people, increase your subscribers, start learning and no one else is telling things in such a simple way which can sink into your mind because as soon as everyone comes, they start talking about astrology and then  The doubts that people were having, these things of mine are clearing their mind webs, it is like this for you, not like this, it is like that, he has robbed us, this one has robbed us, if you go to the wrong person, you will get robbed.  If you go to the wrong people, you will be robbed. How to recognize them will be my next topic. Now I have told the types of astrologers. In the next one, I will tell you how to judge an astrologer. Is there any way?  We judge the doctor later whether he has done it for us or not. So, if we find out a way to do it later, we can get some idea in advance without associating too much with him. Look, you will have to eat food at least once.  You will have to test something to know whether it is good or not, but I will still tell you the parameters to judge the astrologers who do astrology, no one will tell with such transparency, it is very important and all that astrology is ours.  I of the Fraternity want to tell and teach things to you all easily. Other wise people will not connect with astrology. These times are coming, these old times and old knowledge are coming. People are confused, mighty confused which is our country.  When he was a golden bird, he was an average educated man who used to roam around thousands of years ago. He knew all these basic things. He knew many things. We never got into many arguments with our grandparents. Now  Those things were of his, do them like this, take milk in turmeric like this, get up from the left, get up from the right, or like this, all those things are now done through reels, through paid courses of people and western people who are ours.  By copying they made patents and through them we are getting to know that if they say that home's chicken is equal to pulses then that is the same thing, home's chicken is equal to pulses but now we have to spread this knowledge and it is our responsibility, it is the moral responsibility.  And if you learn any of this yourself and analyze it yourself, then what is hypocrisy? Then who will rob you? Brother, what deception can there be in improving your life by analyzing your chart yourself? You understand what I am saying, it is not deception.  You are taking out your buffalo milk and boiling it, then you are making banana shake yourself in your mixer, so now what will be the deception in this, you are thinking that you have deceived yourself, so the hotel is with you.  be in  Maybe you are going out somewhere, maybe you have learned something once that this is a vegetable, it is available from here, it is cut like this, it is made like this and this is roti, this is wheat, this is flour, I made it and I ate food in it.  So there can't be much deception being done to you, you are the one doing it, so this is the M and when this M spreads then clarity will come among the people and our knowledge will increase and this is very relaxing, there is a lot of relaxation in the society today. This channel will go away or  The first thing to do through astrology is to bring stability in life, take a deep breath, relax, smile on the face, it is not forceful, it is what the air crew does when they go, they do it like this, you know, poor girl, she is on her third flight and has not had food since morning.  Have eaten and now they will make ttttt bells and come and tie the belt in 5 minutes, close the belt and that smile is not that smile, that smile is very forceful and I am not criticizing them, their work is like this only.  And people are such scoundrels, demanding and they still have to smile, I should never smile at such people, it is okay, okay then the actual genuine smile that comes from within, the smile that does not stop will come through. Well, astrology teaches us to smile, I thought it gives predictions of the World Cup, this Corona tells us to cry, so I will tell you that too, what nonsense is going on, a crazy game is going on.  Useless work is going on, I will make videos beyond that too, but first absorb my 12, then we will start technical and in between, such doubt sessions will also keep happening. Thank you very much.