So hello welcome everyone to Honest Astrologer, today my guest is very special, I would say to him that he is the most practical astrologer of India. He not only calls himself an astrologer but also calls himself a social reformer and in my opinion he is the person who does many things which we  Think but are not able to say, his contribution has been that he has brought that thing into the main stream and said it without any fear and has challenged those things which were very Hippocratic. But people are not able to speak. I salute his wisdom and he took out time for us. I am very grateful to him. Amit Sangwan Sir from Sango Life Sutra Sir Welcome to An Honor the Channel, this is your podium, this is yours, I will go to the channel.  Interview Roll And Please I'll Quickly Start With My Questions So Sir The First Time I Got To Know About You When You Reply To The Dhruv Video And God Knows  I wanted to but many of my friends said it's a political issue, it will happen like this, it will happen like that, so I made a video and deleted it, I said let's not post it so what give you the tax on astrology I like I will say that your channel name  Is an honest astrologer? So now why have you kept honest astrologer, it means that there are many astrologers who are not honest, so there is some dogma around.  Astrologers but now to take it that they should also take it to astrology like I told in that example also that doctors can be abused yes it is okay medical science cannot be abused okay doctors are good some are bad some are good Many are very good, similarly there are astrologers, more quantity of astrologers may be bad, it is possible, but the thing which is not known is good, then more comments beyond that.  Do it without complete research because what is there on social media, if you type something anywhere right now that the Earth is flat, then you will get articles even beyond that, at least you will get something, okay, the moon landing has not happened, no one has done anything about it.  Show me the proof, show me and then show me that this is a narrative, it was said like this, now people use astrology like a game of drunkenness that show me a magician, then in my opinion astrology is so easy to understand. Jyotish is just a part of Astrology, Jyotish is nothing but Jyot Plus, Jyotish is the Light of God, which awakens the light of God and shows the world that Jyotish, Jyotish is about so many things which you know. Okay, so I thought, just for the sake of it, it suits him that Baba is there and then he clubbed everything and put it within astrology, so I thought. Some people need to say this because of what it means if you don't speak then look, one thing that happens is that you come and say 'come on, someone is speaking' but if there are 10 million subscribers on such a big platform then it's okay if someone comes like this.  If you make fun of me, I am not saying this, I do n't even know how many views my video got, but the ratio is 100, but it is like your poet, there are people like I teach.  If people had told me then it would have been like that if I did not do this then I had made the video, after me Dipanshu Giri ji, he had also made 'Lar Astro P Sir', the second thing due to which I became your fan, you have shown the very bad condition of Indian Holi Cows.  Those things which people are afraid to name or speak, our conventional wisdom says as a parent, god, whatever has to be done or if you speak against feminism, people get angry.  If you speak against government jobs, people get angry. I have received a lot of trolling and hate many times because I have spoken against these things, so the first thing is your insight, how did you come to know that this thing is wrong because we are brain controlled.  Bachpan se through movies you pray to society how did one release you and how did you decide ki haa ye maine bolna hai bhale se mujhe hate kyun na mile si what happens e  Social conditioning has happened like it happens in all societies and it has happened in Indian society too and it is necessary to happen if we have to live in a good society but unfortunately what happens is the social conditioning of 30 years ago which was done 40 years ago.  Many had gone, it is not applicable nowadays, okay, what used to happen earlier, the parents were illiterate, when independence came, they had children, their children were illiterate.  Actually good, it means they are better than the parents. Now the parents who got educated after the second generation of independence, their children also became educated, then their children also became educated, so now the fact is that the difference  Was there not much difference between the parents? What happened in the difference between the parents? Jonah was born in 1950 and 60. He was born in 1950 and 1960.  There are children who were born first after independence, they will be born before 47, only then will they become a father. The one of 51 was lower in the society, was not born in a free country, was not educated, the country itself was poor, so everyone was poor, now this is the generation.  Better now, this generation struggled a lot just like the country struggled. The country 's struggle was very high from 1950 to 1980. Then came the time of Narasimha Rao ji, things happened after 91. And little by little we kept improving and today we have reached at 2023, so this generation of 1950-60 has also done Chaudhary Hat on their parents because their parents were actually educated, they were not educated, their parents and their  Parents also left early because life expectancy was low, brother, India's life was short, so they got Chaudhary, if you do research 25 At the age of 30-35, now all of them have turned 75. For 40 years, no one has questioned their thought processes and their sense of achievement is so high because they have seen poverty and poverty, have worked hard and become fans.  From fan to cooler, from cooler to AC to split AC, his sense of achievement is very high and from that sense of achievement comes an arrogance.  It is we who have worked hard. I am talking about the people who have gone towards the middle class. Okay, so now what is the difference with that. The new generation is oppressed. Yes Sir, because now that generation is sitting on assets, the assets which have increased since 1950 are also there.  The assets that the 60 people got, there was no cost of land, there was nothing in the land during independence, okay, now those who are sitting on the assets, they have been sitting on that much for many years.  And neither money is earned nor the generation gets assets because of the meaning of inheritance. I have made videos that brother, if the father lives till 90 years then that child will also turn 65-70, not 65-68, till then he will get it and then he will sit.  He will not be able to do anything for 90 years, so to say this, see what happens in India when God starts speaking, I have told this to the parents before too, I will repeat it on my channel also, here your God.  There is a lot of forgiving, yes, it is okay if one's God is also very forgiving and forgetful, I also do consultation under the garb of this, I want your well being, a lot of narcissism is going on, now narcissism is a word, it is like a western word in India now.  It has not come but then this is such a thing that parents should not be afraid of being questioned, the belief system being broken because if this  If things do n't change then we will remain in the time warp, our time was good, that was our time, sometimes, always, the time which is today is good and tomorrow will be better than today, we have to follow this feeling, only then the country, society and world will progress and sir.  I Totally Love You For What You Said About Baghban That Movie Has Destroyed Hum Aapke Hain Koun And Baghban These Should Be Legally Banned Baghban Baghban If You Do The Research What I Have Done Is Based On American  Movie of 1940 Okay, so in the America of 1940, this feeling was going on, if you do the research but that was like 1940, now America, everything happened after that, whatever progress happened in America, the American society was also struggling with it, so what was that?  It happens that while doing all these things, a little bit, people feel good in crying, not that yes, we did this, we did it like this, we did it like that, and the children do it, you see, I just tell people, don't follow the Amitabh Bachchan. Character in Bagwaan Follow Amitabh Bachchan in real life Abhishek Bachchan lives together, Aishwarya also lives with him, Aaradhya also lives with him, Everyone lives comfortably, Live in Jalsa, Live as a family, There may be clashes but stay together.  We are living with love, we are building assets, we are building businesses, everything is happening together, so what Amitabh Bachchan ji is doing in real life, we have to follow what he did in Bagwaan, that is not ji.  Yes, great sir, you have spoken a lot on career and I come from an HR background so I know who is speaking accurately and who is speaking nonsense. Your words did not resonate with me, as we have come to the upper management.  Had learned that friend, this is happening in middle management in the market, even we did not know about it. Apart from your clarity, I would like you to give some career tips, especially for the youth, those who are in government.  Preparing for jobs, I refuse, I get abused a lot. Secondly, people who are interested in foreign education, I am mostly not a fan of foreign education. The third thing is that people who want to go into such a career with high failure rate, have it become writing or acting.  It becomes a little difficult to explain to them, this is my approach to me, this is my personality of my channel, I do not believe much in explaining to people that I am not to anyone.  We have to convince the angry people, we have to motivate them, I am for the champion, that you are the champion, or to make them champions without you, it is like the Olympic coach, the Olympic coach does not teach you swimming, does not teach you how to throw javelin, he is taking you for the gold medal, all of you  Okay, so I am every kind of people, it is necessary if there are not many losers in life then there will be winners from winners, let those who want to go do whatever they want, here I am, I am roulette in that way brother.  It is not forced to explain. Whatever you have to do, do it on your own. When you have doubts, the man comes to ask. If you are so convinced about that foreign degree will do well for you then go and do it. Why are you asking?  I come from the world if you feel writing is good and this is good that is good then don't do it I am stopping you I don't understand why  Can't you do 20 things, I do 68 things, I have told you, I don't even tell you much, why waste time, brother, let's talk about work, what do I do, I do 68 different things, even 10 20 things in these  The public domain, rest I do something in my private, so a person can do anything and in which you get peace or money or success, then the more you do it is like  De Se Na Luck Luck is like a verb You have to be at it to become lucky If you do 10 things then one thing will be good Learning will happen and then if you do something else then if you do something more then it will help the youth Not by holding on but by holding the finger I I give this meaning through template, my videos will also bring clarity for youth, I talk about career but more like I talk about career, first of all I am like, very focused on career. Now people will say no, career is like you have been in HR and corporate then look at the career, you should focus on living a good life, a career is a part of it but if you can be at 80 in your career it is a good. Thing Relationship at 80 Money at 80 Health at 80 Because If You Go for 100% That Journey from 80 to is So Tough That in Everything Else You You will turn 20 today if you have to excel in any career, it is okay like a corporate career or even government, also people are so ready to endure their life that they are all in after enduring everything, they are all in so you have to take a call.  That Do You Want To Be All In Are You Happy With The Lesser Increment Lesser Promotion Lesser Pay Increase Divota Your Brain Juice And Energy And Time To  Other Aspects of Life To live a fulfilling life and at the same time try to do something small business and so that you can always be still ahead of this person because even the career shop closes, it happens to everyone one day and the way  The matter is going on now. In the IC corporate career, the shop is to be closed in 45 to 50 years if you don't come from that blue blood pedigree of IIT. IM And That's High Five Degrees Na If That's Not Your Normal Profile Then They Will Say You Will Reach A Position At 45 Bhai Ab Tere Ko Upar To Nahi Jasa Is Iss Up To Na Jaga Nahi Jaaye Lock Cricketer Will Retire At Some Stage Ok  There is something very new and good will come right in our time they used to say new 6th stage aa one thing I used to say to my class is looking for government when a asking elder answer Nai Aayi Thane said that there is also a technicality in it that in the competition, are you looking at the horoscope of a person? You can just tell whether it is yours or not, will you benefit from the government, if so then maybe you will get a job. Next question sir.  What would be your advice to those people who want to make good money in life, don't mean billion, not everyone can make it but a working middle class man, how to live a good life financially. This is the problem nowadays, so many people have also come into financial influences and they are taking all the focus like this question is wrong, how is this question wrong, I just tell you focus should not be on becoming, rest focus should be on having.  A Capability to Add Value in the Life of Others Money Will Be Taken Care of If You Have a Capability to Add Value in the Life of Others  If you suppose you are just selling your time to someone, if I get 160-180 hours of work in a week, then it is not making any sense, it is okay because that time is limited, now the question arises whether it should be given to me. Simply growing your skills so that you can charge more is good for him only when you are able to add value in that Zuckerberg said value.  Add curry, he got money. Anybody is adding value anywhere. The L people did whatever because of technology or because of their brain. Now like a maid comes to cook for you, she comes and cooks. She is cooking and she is taking 000 000 mein yes 5000 mein she can cook something now if she knows more dishes Now she has learned dosa and has come again  She learned some more dishes then she can come and ask for 8000 because earlier she was making normal dal, roti and dal rice for you, now she is making certain other things. Okay, so concentrating on value adding capability is money.  A by product of if you just focus on money then that is not your capability, neither is focusing on money thinking that becoming rich is not going to help me.  On your capability and skills, you will have to acquire some such skills whose money is in demand in the market and the market will value it. Next question: Hardcore Astrology. Most of the people come to astrologers in the condition of Shani Rahu or Ketu. And I have written a book on Shani Rahu.  And Ketu, so what advice would you give to these people who are going through Shani Rahu and Ketu Mahadasha or End Dasha? Look at some of yours, a little bit of all three.  It is different, there will be detachment inside Ketu and things will not be understood and it is a small dasha, it is of seven years old, it is okay and it will not be understood, okay it will come because of that, there is too much friction in Saturn, it is not being understood, absent down in Rahu.  Very many are coming, okay but the answer to all three things is the same if all three are going on because in that then how are your individual charts, how is your individual position, so many things are  Affected is fine, transit etc. and after doing all that, but to tell you the basic thing, your Rahu is moving, whatever gains are happening or the condition of Rahu, whatever is going negative is also a dream and  Positive, a lot of things are looking great, that too is a dream, after this is over, nothing will remain with you, neither bad nor good, so do not be afraid of the worst and do not be too happy with the good. Whatever gains are happening in Rahu, it is better to take them out and adjust them somewhere else in the name of some family member, so give them the last other wise, they will be destroyed. Said, it was a lot of fun trading, brother, made a portfolio worth Rs 25 crores.  But now again something like that buzz Rahu will show you this pride of 25 lakhs, even the brain will not listen, hygge will also come because of Amitabh Bachchan too if you see his lot. Movies Hit Rahu's Dasha And All That's Okay But Then Again He Went That Complete Super Stardom And Then Then We Know Kaun Banega Crorepati Se Again The Matter Changed Okay In Between That Period Game Ya Kut Sustain The Guess To Rahu  The good thing about Shani is that brother, you will have to work hard, you will get less results than the amount of work you do, but you will definitely get it, Shani will not deny you, delay you.  Will test your patience, whether it is of Sade S or of Shani, patience will be tested but deny more that you have to be a little bit patient and a little bit detached Sir, you are also a neurologist, I do not even know the ABC of Neurology but in my life,  I have seen that the lives of those with numbers four and eight are very up and down. I myself am number four and the numbers of my vehicles and the numbers of my house come on default four for some reasons and as much as I know neurology. Four and eight are considered to be very difficult numbers, so here are your observations and some suggestions for them. Sir, the suggestion is that four and eight are perhaps more difficult for others than for themselves, so do n't be afraid of four and eight for yourself.  Maybe the people around them are scared because of their nature because they don't care, this is their struggle. My two videos uploaded on 4 and 8 have become quite popular on my channel because after I told 7, 4 and 8, it got closed. I am fine.  And I have included three, four, seven, eight and three. All four are very popular. Seven has become the most popular because the way I explain it with Numerical Ji examples and I do n't think that on youtube, four and eight, I will tell the basic thing that energy like houses.  If we talk about residential house of four and eight, normally people say because I am in real estate, they also say that it should not be taken in the house, now people do not know the logic of residential house because if  If you know the logic, then you can live four and eight, they do not let you survive, there is a lot of energy, now your house becomes four and eight, then you will work from home as you are probably doing, then the house is for peace, but if there are four and  If eight is the number of your commercial shop then it is very good because there will be foot falls only foot falls there, there will never be any crowd there, by increasing the crowd, you got what you want in commercial, you don't want peace in commercial, four and eight in commercial. In Very Good Residential we call it four and eight. If an elderly man has to live here in a four and eight house then there may be some issue for him because the energy will not be like that but if it is a young couple then it is a work couple.  Is it from home or is it some kind of network that they are doing such work that people come and go in the house like a politician, now the politician's home and office, you know, everything is the same thing, such people keep sitting in his house, meeting outside and inside. Security in the lawn inside and outside and that too, so those four and eight are big good faces for him, if he himself is four and eight then it is okay but the one thing about four and eight is that both of them look good on each other but their  The world view you have is a little strict, your sense of compassion is less, because as your father is four, your sense of purpose, which you feel is necessary for others, does not come naturally to others if someone is working.  Under you, if you are in HR then the people below you will cry because your outlook is to work without supervision, to work with all your heart and mind, to give everything. If you are getting salary, justify it three times, if you are getting two lakhs then it is 6 lakhs.  If it is okay to do the work then it is a natural trait. Now it is not that you will be able to do it alone, anywhere you can even rub the people below you in isolation, isn't it like the work of a laborer is being done that you have to do it?  If you want to lift, then you have lifted too much. If you are the boss, then rub the bottom also, then the person below feels very rubbed and what is yours in it, then the emotional connect with the family or with the worldly world is a little less.  Because there is always a strictness in it, so a little plus or double caprice comes, that also remains, that is, I work in my business in seven days, so my doctor and my wife, with great difficulty, got me to take half a day off for the whole day.  Will you not do it in the evening? We are seeing a lot of disharmony in couples these days. Children live in the house and go away. Breakups happen over small things. Disputes in every house. What would be your top two or three tips to maintain peace in the house? There is little in my wife. Meaning, if not a lot of love, then at least there should be a sustainable peace. Look, people have started focusing on one problem, look, job, money, everything else, the focus has shifted from marriage and gets sucked into the job.  is man  Patience is not good and there is competition among ourselves about bringing to the table, there is too much competition as to what the wife is doing, she is not working, the mother-in- law is not working at home, the husband has to work, life itself will be busy.  It is normal as it used to be earlier, the duties were divided that the father would take care of the children at home, there would be guests in the house, food would be cooked, father would go out and come back after his job, the boss would not shout at him.  He shouted that there is no stress, he had to do the work, he knew it, his wife also knew that it was my job, I am not supposed to wash the clothes, I am not supposed to clean it in the house, and they also used to quarrel among themselves, but he used to go on with the matter.  The evolution of the old ones, about which I told you, their parents were poor, illiterate, they used to harass their daughters-in-law or whatever, they also had demands, but their demands were very basic. The present mother-in-law of the past had  I am talking about my mother-in-law, okay, today's mother-in-law, who has become 19560, I am talking about her mother-in-law, okay, so it used to be her, 'Give something to my daughter, while we say hello, our basic needs would have been fulfilled.'  What do people say these days that there is some interference because it is said that we all know that these days, where will the children invest, where will they buy a house, what clothes will they wear, how will they raise the children, what food will they eat because the previous generation was poor now.  They used to feel enjoying experience in everything, like if a child has taken a cooler, then for the first time the cooler is in the mouth, for the first time, the AC is in the mouth, if for the first time, you are sitting in a car, then that generation was still giving that feeling, the next generation.  Today's mother-in-law and father-in-law say, 'Dude, you are doing something good'. Today's generation is not getting the feeling that we are doing something and watch their demanding programs or reels. Look at this and one lack of fomo type is not knowing what is happening in the other's life, then they are bitis, the last generation is sitting very judgmental, okay and there is a lot of demanding program between husband and wife that neither husband can meet.  If the wife can do it, then they need to relax first of all. The new couple should never stay with the mother-in-law and father-in-law the moment they go to another house.  The problem ends % after that both of them together cook food, order from Sugi, wash their own underwear, wash their own clothes in the washing machine, wash the maids, dry or not dry utensils in the kitchen, do not wash them at night and the trouble is over and we will see what is there.  Whatever is left, they deal with it. What is the problem now? The syllabus of this generation has increased a lot, the syllabus of marriage has become very wide, it is not limited to them, it has to be reduced.  The syllabus will have to be changed, as it is happening these days, AI is eating one job after the others, many people are getting hired, we are studying in new every day, like big companies like Microsoft are getting involved, there is a danger that maybe after 20 years  There is no job left, this is G and AE and this link and this is take off, this is a little confusion, I will just tell you with example Adani, we are a big group, okay, the report of Hidden Berg had come.  You would know that the market cap was halved and how much loss was caused. You would know, okay, not a single job was fired. Nobody was fired, not a single Adani employee was taken off. There are as many as 50 companies in your group, right? If you look at their quarterly profits and revenue.  I am not talking about, if you look at the profit then I do n't know how many billions of dollars they are asking for hire and fire. Otherwise it is not that industrial When the revolution came, people said that jobs will be lost. When computers came, if you say that the job of a typist will be lost, the question is that when artificial intelligence has come, now I will just tell you what will happen and people should know this fact.  Because of this, I am thinking a lot, talking to people and telling them that whatever you can catch in Artificial Intelligence, from movies to movies to IT to  From designing to any department, designing anything, clothes, there are so much work is happening, there are 100 professions in every profession, those who are in the top 5 or not in the top 5, those who will understand this thing, will do it well, will use it and are already very successful.  He is good and creative Artificial Intelligence is a force multiplier Artificial Intelligence is nothing but Rahu where ever it will sit  It will amplify, so if you were already sitting on an advantage, you will reach here, then those who are in the top 5 will earn a lot of money, the rest who were at the bottom will become Medicare and Medicare in Indian sense will become so much that the maximum profession you can wish.  Become your Tankha, it will be between 40, 45 thousand to one lakh. You understood that the maximum crowd's tankha will be between 40, 45 to one lakh.  India will be in the middle of Pan India. If you catch 100 children, then what will happen in them? Your auto rickshaw driver, your Momo driver, your Monday worker, the plumber, these people will also fall in this category, so what will they do?  What happens is that like in America and etc., the taxi driver is also earning 000 00 dollars and this one is also earning just by saying this and both wear the same clothes and eat the same.  The way they eat, they are the same, this is a merging, isn't this the merging of lower class and middle class, this is what is going to happen, isn't this going to hurt many people, psychologically because what kind of a thing have we created when we take a taxi?  When we sit in a car, in India we feel that this driver is below me, this is not the case in America, this is not the case in other countries, yes, no, he has no dignity, in reality, leave the dignity. These days, so many memes are coming that these momos are earning money in actual. They are earning one and a half lakh rupees in actual. They have opened a juice box and by making gram bhature they are earning one and a half lakh rupees. Because one more thing has come. If people don't know how to cook, then AI is not eating the jobs of the day after tomorrow. The jobs given by AI will be done by AI. AI is not going to eat anyone's jobs. The current situation of money is not lower.  If the employee above 75 80 60 80000 is earning 1.5 lakh 1.25 lakh 2 lakh, then the gap will increase. The one who will understand it well and implement it will use it, he will be in demand and suddenly the rest will come down.  Most of the people will go, the majority of the country will remain at the bottom but the capita GDP will grow but the children of the middle class will struggle, if this happens then you  If you have to give one piece of advice to those children, then what? No, do not give any advice to such children because these children belong to those parents who are driven by respect and honour. These are the children who want to become something in life, their focus is not on earning money. You will catch the child of the poor who is 2022 years old, he wakes up at 4:5 in the morning, at 530 he is a newspaper hawker and throws newspapers at 6:30.  After that he becomes a car cleaner, at 8:30 he becomes a Sugi Zomato seller, at 121 he becomes something else, okay, he is changing four times a day and he earns Rs 50,600 per month.  Yes, but middle class people have to settle down and become something, some dreams have to be fulfilled, so this middle class has emerged, it is okay to fulfill some dreams and become something, these two things are not going to happen, you cannot become something today.  Okay, if you are stuck at one place like I am, I should just focus on astrology. Now technically I am probably not that good an astrologer. If you test me then I am not someone sitting with your technical degrees. Okay, I know many things from you and you will ask me about technical things.  I won't be able to tell but why I feel I still do a good job is because I bring 360 degree perspective I don't have only knowledge of astrology I have  Knowledge of finance, I have knowledge of real estate, I have knowledge of human behavior, so many other things, then by combining all that, it becomes a good package. First, if the astrologer is a pure astrologer, who has not done anything else, just shloka and astrology and that now. He will say in the house, brother, you will do milk work not today because you know that this profession knows today in medical science.  Being a doctor, you can become 50 kinds of doctors, that is, you can be a pediatrician or an oncologist, he has four super specializations. Okay, so you can become anything. If you hold engineering, then I do n't know which kind of engineering you have. So, the more exposure you have as an astrologer, the more you can impress the clients, so the same thing is that you should not correct the message which is the only thing or restrictive to yourself. Becoming something because if you become something, then you just remain the same, then you have no scope and that is the mindset that I have sat in the AC and used the computer, apart from this I will not do anything else, this is the same in middle class, so now last.  Question: It is our tradition at Nest Astrologer that whenever our guests come, we ask them about their top remedies for the benefit of our clients and top suggestions for three things.  One Inner Peace to Marital Harmony Three Financial Success To Aap Jo Ha To I Am Well I Give Personnel I Don't Do The Second One C All Three Of Them Are Linked You Can't Be At Peace If Your Married Life Is Bad Your Finance Can't Be Good  If Your Married Life Is Bad And If Your Finances Are Bad Then Life Cannot Be Good If Your Finances Are Extremely Good Then Chances of married life are good are also high, I am not sure but chances are high, if there is money, then money is very stressful, if my finances are fine and married life is fine, harmony will come on its own, that is the problem.  In this people they are saying that stress in marriage life is considered as separate from marital life and actually as separate from career. Everything is life, only your marriage is marital life, what does it mean, then there will be family life also, if you have a child, then it is okay, then your family life is different, marital life is different, professional life is different, people say that let's not mix personal and all.  Everything gets mixed, now a person's child is not able to turn the lights on and off like that when he comes home in the morning, marital life is on, it is bad, he goes to the office, it is very good, it is not like that. If the boss has informed the boss that you are in a bad mood then he will be in your home too. Okay, so first of all remove from your mind whether marital life is something or something that makes you happy in marriage.  Have to stay because you are committed to the idea of ​​marriage and institution of marriage. The partner may be an idiot. The partner may be very good. The partner may be very good today. The partner may not be very good tomorrow and the day after. Again ok, so what is there in marriage? To get peace, we have to relax in marriage. Whenever there is trouble, right? S.A. Astrologer, you also know, I also know that time is bad, now there is trouble in bad times, so where will the trouble come from?  If he is the closest one, then who is sleeping next to him? If he sleeps, then the problem will come from there. If it is not coming from there, then it will come to him. If he is not facing trouble from his spouse, then it is very bad.  It will come from somewhere, because there is no problem because the time is bad, isn't it? Brother, sir, I have seen a lot of marital distress during Shani Ketu period. This period will bring detachment to you. That detachment can be good also if you are ready for it, okay. Because don't do Farmaishi program in it. If you know astrology and you know that time is going bad then talk to your wife about All India Radio.  Don't program the request that sing this song, now sing this one for me, reduce the request, your wife is coming from the office, she is coming from outside, she is bringing vegetables, as soon as she comes, hold her vegetables in your hand and  Run away and give her a glass of water. If husbands understand the point about wives, there will be complete harmony. What ever you give to the woman, she will multiply 10 times and give it back.  To you be very careful when you are giving her, give her love 10 times, give her respect 10 times, give her money, she will give the value of money 10 times and give her every trouble, what is good, is n't it, it is not available immediately, it can be found after time.  Time and place of every choosing will be there, so if you make a mess today, it does not mean that you will get it tomorrow, maybe you can do the nuisance for many years, nowadays this one is very fast.  That time has come, right now a days, and the era of instant instant has come, so nowadays you can get it instantly, earlier you used to give it later along with the yarn, then the husbands feel that they can get away by doing these things, they should be very careful.  They are giving to wives. Give a glass of water to your wife. The wife who came from the office will become so touched and happy after drinking the water in two minutes that she will say, " I will change right now."  I will come and get dressed, I will make tea for you both, we will both drink tea. Feelingless is very important. The man will lose his logic. The woman will get stuck. Don't give logic to the man in the marriage. The wife will have to see how she feels right now because you are in this situation.  You are giving the logic of one thing, the discussion is going on, it is okay to buy a house but there is conflict, you are giving the logic, friend, this house is good, it is available cheap, payment plan is a good thing, this is the conflict of the past.  Why did n't you set this thing, why didn't you do that, now you don't know that she is coming with the previous baggage, you are applying logic here, logic will never win, feeling will love to win, so main should be going for. Leave your feeling logic in the office and come. Very good, this is a remedy. Understanding this thing is a remedy. Yes, this is a remedy. I am also a marital counselor. This is a remedy. And  As far as financial things are concerned, it is the same thing again. Never ever you know. Do n't try to impress anyone with your lifestyle. If you want to go out, go for nice clothes. Get a nice car. But do n't try to impress anyone.  Take the John with which the work is going on, take the work with the small car, take the big one, take the big one, stick to whatever means you have and concentrate very much on yourself so that I can do value addition.  What skill set can I acquire for this, only then money will come on saving money because what has been created of the entire narrative of saving money of the middle class, don't drink coffee, don't go out, do SIP, friend, nothing is going to happen with this, nothing, you will keep roaming around at home and the same, okay.  No, after so many years you will become one crore. Hey brother, I will need 12 lakhs. After four years, I will break the SIP. I am not waiting for you to become one crore. No, I did not want to break you. How will I not break it if you have you?  You are feeling thirsty and you are dying of thirst, so you had kept this bottle for four days to drink water, so you will not wait for it, you are dying, you will open the money for it, it is natural, okay, let's talk about practical things, sir, this is the problem on the internet.  It is so feel good, people become happy, they talk intelligent things for themselves because whatever you see, now if you say abstract things, you will say higher order thinking things like I do.  I say in video type or something like whatsappwap.in, there is no need to leave anything, then suddenly the middle class gets completely relaxed, after listening to this, I will make a video on the content that this is such a simple thing and should be done and how to become rich.  There is a scope for the emerging middle class, for the middle class, because from where I started from the bottom, my child should also start from the bottom so that he can know what I am, okay, so whatever content you will get in these  It will take you towards action and will give you the feel good factor, like motivation to say something, if you feel like throwing a stone, does it leave a hole in the sky, say anything, it leaves a hole in the sky, it means big, it felt good after hearing it. Then when the stone gets pierced, it will come and hit your mouth. Even if someone has pierced it, you will feel good to hear it like this. Wear two coats every day, court means take motivational court, like alcohol, as long as that intoxication lasts.  fun again  Then if there is a need to drink then this is it, if we live a little realistically then peace will come, infact I have just started a membership on your advice, just yesterday, on my Clarity for You channel, its name is peace and money, is it paid?  Membership is, I am saying, if you want peace and money, then first give the money to me, okay, after that, come and see, because if you get peace, then money will come. If you get peace, you will get peace, and this cycle will continue, okay? Great great sir, thank you, thank you so much, you took out so much time but you did not come for the last time, I would like to promise you this, I will tell many of my viewers that their videos are even, please sir, Sangola Sara and clarity for youth, I am a subscriber myself.  I am my father, my father says that logic is more important in astrological, so if we have to go and tell us logic, then we will learn from a master like you, then we will tell you further, Bug Fun Sir.  Now I will end the interview here thank you so much and you have come for the first time but not the last time, every three to six months I will keep teasing you a little, I am your follower and also a student, take care of me a little, I would like your blessings a lot  We get to learn please keep guiding us thank you thank you thank you thank you