Hello friends, today I will tell you one thing very simply that as soon as you look at your horoscope or someone's horoscope, you have understood the houses, it starts from here, first house, second house, third house, fourth house, then you will know about the houses.  It is known that the planets are embedded in it, there are nine planets, so even if all the nine planets are separate, no two planets are united, still only nine houses will come, three houses will be vacant for you, you have seen many more times.  It has been said that two, two, three, four, four, five, five also come into one, come into one, then you have to understand only one thing that it starts from here, till the seventh is the first half of life and from here is the second half of life.  You should understand like this, if there are more planets in your first half, then your first half is very eventful. If there are more planets in your second half, then the second half is eventful. In this way, you can understand very easily, this is not complete knowledge in itself, but it is rough.  knowledge of which  The more the focus is spread out in one's life, the more it is spread out. You have to see that wherever your planet is, in whichever house, your focus will be more and where three, four or five are inserted, your focus will be more there, whether you want that or that situation.  Let this be created in your life, for now I will only tell you the significance of the remaining houses, what to see from the first house, what from the second, what from the third. This will come to you through a video where you will be told that also first.  this from home  It is seen from the second house. You have to understand that just like the horoscope has to be seen according to the blood report or according to the report that comes, even if I have hemoglobin, then it tells me this thing about my blood.  Now I have cholesterol, it tells about my heart, so if I want to know about my heart, then I have to see my cholesterol. If I want to know about my liver, then I have to know about HGT, SGO, PT and what is this.  We will have to see all this, okay  If I want to see about an aspect of the body like kidney, then I will have to check the urine report. Similarly, your 12 houses are fine and in your horoscope, if every house shows something, then it will be explained to you and  Significant you very much