Hello friends, I hope you all must have made your register or diary. I also hope your horoscope is in front of you and that of your family members is in front of you, so today we will learn what we get to see from the 12 houses, like I told you last time.  It was said that something is visible from every house like there is a medical report, if there is a detailed medical report then you know that from the cholesterol report I will know about my heart, from this one I will know about my liver, from this one I will know about my kidney, from this I will know like this.  If it works, then in the same way, different things are seen from these 12 houses, which is the first house of the horoscope. Your physical health is seen from the one located exactly here. First of all, how will be your body, about body strength.  It is known that you can also find out your hair and body part, head, this area of ​​yours will be known, it will be known about your character, basically that will show you how the world sees you, then this will tell the first house, this will tell the second house. In English it is called Lagan for the first house, in Hindi it is called Lagan, in English it is called the first house or it is called the first house, people call the second house as the second house, like in Hindi it will work in the same way, it is called Lo second house of the second house.  Well, call it the second house. Okay, call it the second house. Call it the house. If you call it houses, then these houses have become English. They say house and also house. They are the same thing. So the second house shows your accumulated wealth and assets. how much money will you save  How much is there, he will come to you and I will teach you in a very good way, I will teach you easily, keep making notes, your speech is also known from the second house, through this we check just by looking at the horoscope, whether his speech is hard or soft, is there any issue in the speech.  So he doesn't speak fast, he speaks slowly, so we will learn from him that this one also has a cavity and a mouth, he also has a mouth, how his face looks, his expressions are also known from the second house and your original.  Family is the original family. What is one's father, mother, brother or sister? That combined is also seen from here. Your childhood can also be said that how is your original family. Original, after that another family is formed when you grow up.  Then you get married and have children, then your original family is that of parents, if your children have this family then the second house in your chart is yours.  Papa, Mummy and your family. Tells about the place where you were born. Third House tells about younger siblings. You can check short travels. Your courage is checked whether you are brave or adventurous. Physical fitness to some extent. Your hobbies. Your talent is checked from the third house and shows the neck portion like first house was this second house this is third house as the houses are increasing we move down in the body.  We are going as per the body parts which are checked, it is okay, shoulders can also be said, okay, neck shoulder, this area is okay, the fourth house is also called the house of happiness, so it checks us with the sense of happiness, we are mothers.  It is revealed that the mother is also a source of happiness. As soon as the child is born, the mother is seen, the house is seen, the property, the house is yours and what kind of happiness will there be inside the house, lands, houses, vehicles, vehicles are also a source of happiness, whatever. This  This type of house gives happiness, if mother gives happiness then happiness is the feeling, property etc., all this is seen from the fourth house, this area of ​​the body, heart area, chest, this part comes in the fourth house, then let's move to the next fifth house. What is your house? Primary education was in the fourth house. Your secondary education is checked in the fifth house. How will be the school education? Children are checked. Pregnancy is checked.  You also have fascination in this, what is the mood of affair wayfarer, many of you have the same, boy or girl love, this one is also checked from here, that brother yes, depending on Rashi planet and that one is checked from here, what here?  These are the things that are checked in every house. The things that I am telling about are called in English as significant. If someone learns very deep in significant then it is 5050 but right now this is Make do with five, simple astrology is a big five because what I am telling you, it affects people a lot and when you learn further, you will go to the remedy level and you will become an astrologer yourself and are like giving medicines to people at the stage five.  No, if you become a doctor then you will learn further. This is enough for now because you ca n't get carried away. Put so much knowledge here, if you get carried away, then stop learning. The real guru is the one I am telling right now as per the primary teacher. Then  I will become a TGT, I will become a PGT and I will also become a PhD professor, so I am slowly teaching. Right now in primary school, if it is okay, then these five things are seen. Sixth house is called disease, debt, enemy is seen as disease.  Debt has become enemy disease, disease D is for disease D is for debt, okay and enemies are okay, who will be your enemy, how many will be taking loan, who will take loan, where will the diseases come from, how will the enemies be, now we will get into other body parts.  And if we go down from the stomach, then the body part will come lower abdominal. If it is ok then this will be the seventh house. The seventh house is a very important house. Your spouse is seen from the seventh house. First of all, in the husband's horoscope, the seventh house is the judge, wife, wife. Seventh houses in the horoscope, how will the husband be, how will be the nature, we see the marriage from the seventh house, we see the quality of the marriage, is there any extra marital affair, marriage will break, divorce.  All these things are shown by the seventh house, it shows you and also your business partners, so it is about partnership, so the first partnership is in life, with the life partner and then it also shows the business partners, what kind of system will be there in the body parts, these cells, organs, genitals.  If it shows 'Ka' then it is equivalent to 'Eth House'. Let me tell you about the four or five main things in the 'Eth House'. ' Eth Houses' tells your death house, 'K' tells your age house, basically you can find out your personality. How many years will you live, how is your health and wealth, will there be any scandals in your life, will there be any troubles, these types of things are known and inheritance is also known, whether you will get some money from father, mother, grandparents or there will be some trouble in it.  So inheritance will not come, it is a very important thing in every big life, there are many troubles and disputes, so where will that thing be checked, then it is checked from your eighth house, infact you  You will not learn astrology, there is also a link to Alt Science, also from Ath House, this is your hidden house, it is not visible, here whatever you learn and do is not visible to anyone, okay so this is that also. Religion is spoken in the ninth house. Religion is checked. Your long journey is checked. Higher education is checked like graduation. If you want to check your primary education then you will do it from the fourth house after primary. Whatever happens from 6th to 12th, you will check from the fifth house and how much higher education you will get, how you will do that, you will check from the ninth house and long travels will also be checked from it. Short travels, I told you from the third house, long travel from the ninth house, remember this.  Keep it and note down that it is opposite to it because many people know that I am mine, when will I go, will I travel, will I be able to go, will I not be able to go, all this remains and is the father's house.  This is father's house. This is Guru's house. How will your Guru be? How will father be? This is his house. It also shows a long journey. This 10th house will show thighs in the body part. This is the place of your karma. This is the place of karma. Political power will you get. How much power will you get in life? Fame.  How much will you get and whether you will become such a king or not, all these 10 people mostly ask, how will it be brother, mine is the tenth house, so this shows that your tenth house is also yours, if there is a pen in yours, then that is yours.  We will check from the 10th house. 11th house is the house of gains. What is yours here? Where will the money come from? Now how is it different from the second house. In the second house I had told about the accumulated wealth. The 11th house is how much money is coming, how much is left.  If we have to see from the second house how much assets are being created from it, it happens to many people that a lot of money is coming in. If the 11th house is strong then a lot of money is coming in but nothing is collected in the second house.  When it is happening, it is not like the bottom of the glass is coming and it is just going. If this also happens then I am telling it in a simple way because people get confused about how many assets will be created now, that is there now.  The fourth house is telling how the house will be, because a lot of things come in assets, demat account also comes, gold also comes, crypto also comes, okay your house will also come, intellectual property will come, anything means asset.  meaning your antique  There can be 100 types of assets ranging from furniture to paintings, so the asset has to be seen from the second house, the money has to be seen from the 11th house, if you have to see your house and the propertyist then it is okay, do not get confused in this, what is from the 11th, how will the money come because what is good.  It may also happen that in the 11th year, you are not getting any money but you have a lot of assets, then maybe you have a rich husband who is buying property in your name or it may be inherited from your father somewhere. This can also happen and its result is that brother, you will get a lot of assets, if you don't get money then it means you will not do anything yourself, it may be Rajyoga type, you are sitting with something, not doing anything yourself is fine and that.  It will come, okay, so we come to the last, in this, your own earning potential is known, how much is it, okay, from the 11th house and it represents the calves, it is okay inside the body part, last we go, 12th house in the 12th house.  And the house is called 12th House Expenditure shows where you will spend or where you will incur loss. Loss is also an expense and expenditure is also a loss in a way. If it means your loss of wealth, it can be said that money will be spent.  Loss of wealth can also speak, foreign travels will also tell, your bedroom life will also tell, your sleep will also tell, your bed will also tell pleasure, bed will also tell, so in a way this also becomes a hidden thing, okay Moksh.  Will we not get it, how will we go towards it, how will be the spirituality element, that is also the work of 12th house, so today I have very simply told you all the significant things, note down them all very well. If you have any questions, please put them in the comment section after collecting them all.  If you ever want I have Subscribers Info Simple Astrology Subscribers Info Group whatsapp-web 20 25 30 35 40 50  All the years you have been listening to me. Whatever troubles and issues have come in your life gradually, they go away very slowly, not that you just know and just go away, but it is certain that you are listening to me regularly. And we are trying to learn regularly and at whatever level and pace it is being taught. Look, even by doing five pushups daily, you can reach somewhere. If you do it many times every day, what happens is that we do 10 20 pushups in a day.  You hit it 30 times, it hurts your hand, then you leave it, then nothing happens, but if you hit it five times and slowly, then make it six, then make it 10, then you start getting practical benefits, so stick to the slow pace and make correct notes. Enjoy, whatever basic doubt is coming, no matter how innocent the question is, please write it down and clear it. Through this video, I will again try to clear one doubt of the people that brother, moon sign and passion are different things.  I have made this before also but I will keep doing it every time because many people also board the moving bus. Which is okay? Watch my videos in any order. There is no need to be so strict. I will also make a playlist. Seg Gut.  I will do it very well, it will be done very well, now only a few videos are posted, when there are more, then you will get things according to the index, after some time, but the dedication is important, the moon where Chandra is written is your moon sign, but People have created a lot of confusion about Rashi Lagan. Hey, Lagan also has Rashi. There is no house in which Rashi is not there. There is some Rashi in all the houses and all the houses are important. All Rashi are important. People get so named only.  This is my moon sign, all this is important, the whole horoscope is important and every horoscope is unique, learn this, we brush everyone off that everyone will be the same, then print someone  Is it the same for everyone, this is also different for everyone, brother, there can be many permutations, who knows 12 factorials in 9 photos, try doing 9, if the figure of 11000 crores comes out then there is a lot of confusion, 1100 crore people have not been born yet. And here there is a combination of up to 11000 crores. Okay, so far the horoscope of 10000 crores has not come, which means it can come and the blank space ends.  She will be unique and cannot be exactly the same, so understand your chart quickly and it will be very difficult for your life the day after tomorrow. I am very sad. You start learning astrology, your sadness will start reducing. If you will not say anything on the outside, then  There is no change, yes, whatever pain is felt by the body, so when the doctor does an operation, there is a cut, blood comes out, but he has given anesthesia, so the pain is not felt, and if someone does the same without him, then who knows?  Is  What will happen to you, if you learn astrology even if there is no change in the external space, definitely after watching my 20-2 videos, the pain in your life will reduce, you will start understanding things and I am telling you in a very simple and relaxed manner. If you want to watch my videos, if you have time, don't watch it during the day, don't watch it in the noise, choose a time when you have eaten food and want to drink milk, winters will come, grab the milk, add some turmeric in it and  It will be better understood and those who have got married, listen with the wife, listen with the husband, make some notes and gradually it will be done and it is not like that everyone used to learn something in Sanskrit or used to learn tables 2 * 3 6  2 4 8 If you do a few things like this once, you will remember them instantly. By doing thick and thin Samara, I will do it quickly. Your body will be visible even from the first house. From the second house. Original family and accumulated wealth. Your short travels from the third house. Your younger sibling. Mataji's land property from the fourth house. Your Gar wise will be visible. From the fifth house, your child 's pregnancy will be detected. Pregnancy of wife or if it is a lady, your pregnancy will be detected from the sixth house. Brother's diseases, debts and enemies. Remember, your enemies, diseases and diseases will be known from the sixth house and this is the date. Seventh house is basically of opposite gender.  Who is your partner? How will your business partner be? 8th house is your inheritance. Ninth house is your father's, Guru's is religion's. 10th house is your karma. 11th house. How much money will you earn? How much liquid cash will come? How much will you earn per month?  You will come to know that the 12th house is your way house, it is the house of expenses, okay, it will show spirituality and also bed blazers and it is also okay for foreign travel. Foreign travel is also checked from the 12th house, so just do it and watch the original once while traveling and then repeat it once, you will come to know on your own, if ever you want to see something then go there.  It will be so easy, I hope I have easily told you my horoscopes, now start remembering which planet is in which house of mine, which zodiac sign is mine, Lagan Rashi, everyone should know Lagan. Which one is your passion, which one is yours, which one is yours, you should remember it all, if not yet, then keep it in your slip of hand and look at it every day, it is not difficult and it is never going to change, when you are born.  If you were there then it is Kainat's selfie, it is just fine, thank you very much, it is fine to subscribe and please have one more request, I am teaching so easily, there is no expense involved, please ask people in your family to subscribe.  If you are a woman, get it done by your sister-in-law, sister-in-law, mother-in-law, get it done by your daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law by your mother, mom, get it done by your daughter-in-law, get it done by someone else, you will learn this method by joining hands with many ladies.  It is my request that you are running with very little knowledge, there is a lot of rumor spread about all these things in many families, please gain knowledge because men have outsourced it to you. Well, people don't know that the Sun sign and the Moon sign are different, they will say, yes, Capricorn's Sade Sati is going on, so the one who is born, let's say on 28th, 29th, 30th December, they will think that I am Capricorn, my dear.  It's going on, it's sunshine, those signs are there, some other people are sitting and people think to themselves, oh my, so don't go, moon sign, your cancer has been found, this is what people are doing with little knowledge. Don't read the horoscope which you sit with in the newspaper, it has no meaning, it is not even a time pass, it is a complete waste. Leaving that aside, it is necessary to address the women a little, that the women at home do it in such a way that this  So, we only know about worship and all these things, we know everything, we do n't know everything, sometimes we don't know, so learn it easily, that's why I want to make it special for women and once you learn it, women have a lot of anxiety. anxiety should be reduced  What will happen to my husband, what will happen to my children, aren't you afraid of yourself, you don't even see me, nothing much is happening to you, you are a housewife, what is happening if you live at home, nothing will happen to you, whatever will happen to your husband. Something has to happen together. It has to happen with the children. Children will not be selected. Husband will not be promoted. I am not putting you down by criticizing. I am telling women who are housewives to learn this. You will start earning money from this and you will help other people.  you will start and your  If the anxiety will reduce then please increase the subscribers, I am saying this and men can definitely do all this, it is gender neutral, hope that if anyone learns this then please do so. This is my request, because when the base crosses 10000 subscribers, it feels good.  If it is still there, then increase it towards 20. If you like it more then you will feel like coming back and making videos every day. Hey friend, people are liking this, they are coming because.  There are a lot of channels and a lot of effort, I feel that my peace is in astrology, I know it is okay, but there is peace, but I have to earn money somewhere else too, so if a man comes in peace, then there should be some sense of respect that yes Guru ji, come and tell me, subscribe.  Diya, I am enjoying, you are teaching easily, I am understanding, write what you are not able to understand, write the smallest thing, tell me this again, then I will tell you again, I will give you the frequency, I have to teach you, now how will you learn at what pace?  will learn My aim is to teach Jyoti to everyone in our country. Learn everything yourself, friend. There is no need to go to anyone ever again and your life has come according to your own. 2000 years ago. We were golden birds, everyone knew it as much as I knew it, and I was a professional astrologer and was sitting there with all that. He was a real knowledgeable person, he did n't know what he could do and he did n't know what.  level, but at the level I am at, everyone was there 2000 years ago, so I am saying that this is a journey to take you to that level, come attend the classes, understand and you will go very easily, there is no panic, watch the video again and a  If you make bar notes then you will automatically look ahead and gradually you will start connecting all the dots and you will start understanding everything. Thank you very much.