Hello friends, in astrology, you must have heard a word Guru Chandal Yog. Its Guru Chandal Yog, let's understand it a little. Instead of getting tensed, if it is of any child in your family or your own, then understand it yourself. Guru Chandal Yog happens when Rahu and Jupiter are in your horoscope. If Rahu comes along with Jupiter in any house, then it will be called Guru Chandal Yog. It has been described differently in different texts and classics. I try to explain it in a simple way because of the shloka and its medium.  If I tell you, many times people get very scared, today you have to understand this like this that if this is someone's or maybe it's your child and you the parent are listening to me, then you have to understand that this child will demand a lot of logic, if you  He will not agree to anything he says, he will not accept it just like I have said it, in this itself I will tell you another work of Jupiter Ketu, but if Jupiter is Rahu then this person could be your junior, your employee, your spouse, any person.  can check in your life  Do it in the Kundali and this works very amazingly, okay you have to check, this person will not accept anything like this, now what is wrong in this, why many times people get scared in doing it with such a person that if you are telling him some theta like  You are telling that any popular thing that happens nowadays, no, girls are not good, they are good, they file section 498 or it goes on like this, there is body count of girls, anti- feminism talks, pro-feminism, this kind of things that you see in debates  In the society, on religion or on any other thing, when you talk to this person, he will come after you saying, you can't get away, how did you say that, either you explain it to him or he will agree to what you say, but  There should be logic, so the moral of the story is, in short, do n't open your mouth after Jupiter and Rahu, if you don't have any logic, because you generally made a statement, friend, I was just saying it like that, no no, how did you say it like that, how did you say it like that  can you how is it possible how can all girls be like this Brother, someone will come after him or vice versa, I am not saying that he will completely support his religion and not the matter, it can be on any side, so there is a stubbornness which is visible to other people in the society, that is why what is there in Guru Chandal Yoga  If there is any Guruji, if there is a Guruji like us, then now that it has come, no one wants to take such disciples, in the old times, who would want to take disciples in Jupiter Ketu, what is there in Jupiter Ketu, there is a belief, if Guruji says it, then it is okay  The one who is sitting with Jupiter and Ketu is a very composed person. Well, that Jupiter and Ketu have the blessings of the God. If the combination of Jupiter and Ketu is together anywhere in your horoscope, then Ketu is the blessings of the God. You will be a very composed person. If you ever get away from such a person,  You are going for some work, right? And take his blessings that brother, even if it is a child, it is all right for you or he should give you all the best or he should do this or that and the work will be done, then the people with Jupiter and Ketu are the best students, so Guruji  is visible to  In this way Jupiter takes Ketu to become Jupiter Rahu, then Guru should also be like this, Shukracharya is needed, then the one who has all the logic and facts, Jupiter alone does not work that friend I just said it like that, I do n't have that much energy to explain the Guru element  There must be more of a person who is more of a guru like that, he doesn't give much logic and says I have told you and that's it, otherwise I would have known, so today if you see, many people have taken this, now what happens in many, exactly Jupiter Rahu is sitting with you, there is an aspect in many, there might be some other relationship in many, so you will not encounter many such people, tell me the logic, do it like this, how do you explain astrology, no no, you have said it, so if this Jupiter is sitting with Rahu, if you have  If you tell him that astrology is good then either you explain it to him or you will have to take it back, he will pester him so much that this is what it is, other wise why would you say it is bad if a person is asking for logic and  If you are not giving logic then it  should matter should and then there is no time for that okay you go your way, they don't let you go your way, you said how so if you are sitting in an auditorium and there are people sitting in a crowded gathering, like the one who got hit by the Guru Chandal No I excuse me, once they get the mic, why did you say this, then this is a challenge for the gurus, the real guru who is sitting with the knowledge, brother, he should teach even the Guru Chandal person because if there is no logic in your knowledge, then you are not the answer  No, yes, many times it happens that you don't feel like it, but if you come across a Guru or a Chandal then to get out of that situation, the real Guru will have to give an argument and he will have to identify this person again that brother you are too high, your fees are too high.  If you feel like it, then many times I tell you practically in my consultations, not only about astrology, like real estate, relationships, investments, there are different consultations that come, so when I see that friend, I have told him the basics of consultation. Time is limited, not unlimited. Now if he needs one and a half crore proofs for one thing and logic is needed, then brother the time of consultation will increase and then the fees will also increase, so that is also a problem for the Jupiter Rahu person or not. I have to understand everything but you will tell me I will not leave you anymore, that is why it can be seen now that it is moving a little towards east, so there is nothing else left for it, Guru Chandal Yoga has happened, there is nothing else left, that's all, it works beautifully in the charts. You should check yourself and check the Jupiter Ketu person. If someone has got a Jupiter Ketu child, it is fine. Then that Jupiter Ketu child will be like this. You should check it. Okay Papa ji, it is okay. Papa is okay. Mummy, okay done. And as a parent, you will find it difficult.  It will happen friend, he says yes to everything friend, it means that I am not taking unfair advantage of the innocence of the poor guy, it is of subservient nature and if this problem occurs then Jupiter Ketu is a great joy in itself  It is there but what is there in it, as a society Jupiter Rahu will never be exploited, if you are sitting with Jupiter then you need not worry, if you are sitting with Jupiter Rahu then the need to worry is for others who sit with you everyday, okay  If you get a wife with Jupiter Rahu, then whatever you say, you will have to explain logic to her everyday. If you say a dialogue like this, you are sitting reading a normal newspaper and you say that this politician is good or bad, see, there will be opinions, how can you say such a thing?  Diya why, why do you feel like this, then you will say something like this, Alam Ballam, something of mine did not like it, logic logic is fine, it is bad, he will decide, you cannot do it, if you do not like it then brother, then you will say, friend you have to talk to him  It is not right, the simplicity with which I am teaching this rule here, I am explaining it to you people in the form of prediction and this story, no one can do anything about it, friend, I am just telling you some solution for the pain, who knows Whom to tell the solution  The one who wants to do it, he has no problem with it. If others have problem with this thing, then from where can they tell him the solution, then if this had such a solution, then this Jupiter Rahul would have been sitting with him, people would say, yes Guruji, this is the solution for my child. He will do it, it is the biggest thing for you brother, it is like that, tell him that yes brother, this is it, I do n't ask for it everywhere, she is a bit stubborn, look everywhere, who knows, some big principal or some very big professor or some big  If it is in settings then it will get triggered, don't get involved everywhere, every big design o you an explanation for free, what do you have to do with it, the teacher remains under tension, no, why did this not happen, then this tension will be there.  It goes on like this but why does it happen like this, why is the circle like this, why is it like this, so look at it that way, okay friend, if there is a student of yours, has come after paying the fees, is curious and asks for logic, then it should be given to a good teacher, but Guru  The fees of those who practice Chandal Yoga are high because if they suck you then the guruji would run away, that's why these gurus are called Guru Chandal. If you have done yoga then you don't need to worry too much because when you read it in the classics, you get scared whether it is written wrong or not, it is a matter of interpretation, like in class six, things are written in such a way that very That storehouse will be big, if it has such yoga then it will be a cruel king, now there is no king here, half of the astrology is written in the name of the king or in the name of saving the religion, now it is not like this, people come here today, they will get visa and job  It will seem like this means they are asking, forget about marriage, it means there has been a breakup, the girl is not looking back, Guruji, the girl will see, am I interested, will she be interested, it means these things are being asked and we are sitting here, I mean those old classics  This is a cruel king, Moon in 10th house will do the work of milk. Hey, nowadays there are 25 types of doctors, you mean if a person is a doctor then he is understanding 50 different meanings, whether you are an ortho or a gynecologist  is there any pediatrician or eye specialist, i.e. if you count  You will do it and there is super super specialization in each one of them, so the profession has changed so much, so many changes have taken place, that is why astrologers like us are popular because we bring our other domain knowledge also otherwise you will talk to any such poor astrologer who  He is the old type, who used to study like the Pandit ji people, now his exposure to life is not there, he will say straight away that I do not want to criticize him, I am talking about exposure on my own, now he has limited exposure, he has knowledge  I have also studied astrology, but the guy who is coming to us now is 23 years old, we know that his heart is broken, he may not get married, he is not worried about his job, looking at his clothes, his hair  He is like this, his heart is broken, so son your heart is broken, yes Guruji how do you know today Delhi breaks due to people like you, I mean it is fun to become this Shalok Holmes that here comes any 42 year old man  is there anybody  Why would you have come, you are going through mid life crisis, parents, children, wife, career, body, all are going in different directions, just tell him like this, I will also teach you these techniques, which dasha is going on, the person is in the second dasha, he is coming in the third dasha  He is coming, I am talking about my Mahadasha, so for whom would he be coming and which Andarsh ​​of his is going on and which one, so for what did he come, this is the best technique because if a person comes and you tell  This is why you have come Guruji, you just told me why you have come, after seeing your face it is fine, I hope now you will not be scared of Guru Chandal Yoga and you people will enjoy learning astrology in this way, please my request Yes, subscribe to this channel and at least get three to four people in your family to subscribe because look, you will not reach anywhere with knowledge alone, you are a wife, your husband did not get the knowledge, include him too, only then So it will be fun to do all these things, there will be no problem for your children to study also  If it is there then it is okay, we will do this as well, we will learn a little bit, we will learn ourselves because if you are sitting with your own self then you will check that there is no wrong thing here, not too much of such content, not too much time, maximum of two hours in a month  The content will take two hours. Two hours means you can watch 10 videos of 10, 10, 12, 15 minutes each. Then slowly you will start liking astrology. You will set your life. What else do you want? Subscribe to the channel. Whoever wants to watch more webinars can do that.  If you want to learn the workshops which are being held and are technical in nature then click on the join button and take the membership, a lot has been added in it, someday I will upload a separate video of what all has been added, but a lot has been added  You have taken membership once, I hope you will not need it. Jupiter Ketu is a blessing. If anyone in your family has it, then write in the comment section and if the technique is working, then please write. Even if Jupiter Rahu is someone's, the technique is working.  don't feel bad about anything  Do not get caught up in the good and bad, everything has its advantages and everything can have disadvantages, if they have Jupiter and Ketu then they need protection because they will be misused because they are very good, their boss will misuse them, or their spouse will misuse them.  He will misuse it, his friends will misuse it, so when your son is very good to you, then you have to give him the knowledge that son, keep a little filter on everything every time, ok papa ji, yes papa ji, yes mummy ji, don't do this, it gives great fun to the elder parents  He says yes to everything, that friend of yours is very innocent, he is saying yes to you on everything, he will say yes to everything outside also and will get exploited, do you want that, in what a loving way I brought astrology in practical like this hmm, did you enjoy it or not then tell me, I have explained Jupiter, Rahu, Jupiter, Ketu, I will explain everything slowly, just stay connected, you will remember the story, things are taught through the story, if you do not want an injection dose then  take it easy on Increase your subscribers friend and write in the comment section plus two if whoever increases two plus one plus one then you must do one plus two plus one because I want to move towards 500 subscriber base, so the more the subscribers increase, the more the motivation  It will increase as the subscribers increase because it takes a lot of time to make it, so I will come more and more regularly, so keep increasing it. Whenever you are watching the video, it doesn't cost any money to subscribe, so you just have to do it like this, two 3000 You can subscribe to the channels