Hello friends, many people of my audience on Astrology and those who are associated with me keep asking many times, Guruji, tell me which book should I read, which book should we read, then I will tell you one book, okay, I will tell you only one, but  There are many books on it, but before that book, I want to tell you one thing that it is a subject that cannot be learned from a book, it is not your English, Hindi, it is even higher than Maths, so someone should be there to teach and explain.  Why do you need a book? First of all, before telling you the book, I will tell you why you need a book. I will tell you a book. There are many books but I will still tell you one thing that people should do if they want to do something on their own. But before that, I will tell you.  I will tell you what is the precaution. You see, when this astrology was written, it was written thousands of years ago and many people have made different commentaries on it. Many different people have written in the recent times, some even 50 years, 100 years ago.  has been written  No one has written anything much in the last 10-20 years, so on the old things, at that time, the country and time characters say that there is variation in astrology according to the country, according to the time, according to the person, so time is also a thing in it.  Time is also a thing, they don't put it in the book because when you read it you will get scared many times because this will lead to death in this house, this will lead to untimely death in this, this will die soon, this is like this first friend.  there was no life expectancy  Most of the people used to die early anyway, there was no need to have some astrology, time itself was like this, look at the infant mortality rate at independence, what was India's number of years, there is no need to go for thousands of years, six, seven, eight children are being born, how many survive? Ask your grandmother or great grandmother or who would you know what is the status in your family. I did n't know, no, no, that also happened, there was another one in between, remember, I am very old.  Ladies, I have had a lot of interaction with my elderly women. In my life, I used to ask everyone, yes, grandmother, how was it, what were the times, there was a lot of learning, there were very tough times, so the astrology of that time.  So this will tell you what is happening today, wherever death is written today, I would like you people not to think of it as death, if you consider it equivalent to death, then the meaning of equivalent to death is not that if death is written there, you will not even feel bad.  bad to roch  So it will come a little in today's times, but do n't worry, that's one second of confusion. What is confusion? When things were written long ago, there were very few professions. Nowadays, there have been a lot of professions. Earlier there were less, so when we  These days, because mostly in astrology, these days people come to the question of career, Guruji, tell us what is the career, tell me what will happen in the career, now there is a modification of that too, that too will not be found so easily in the books.  If you get it through interpretation or by learning, then you will get these things through membership. If you take membership then we conduct courses. We have separate discount for those other members. If you want to learn at a higher level, in another way, for two to four six months, then brother, this is easy. Listen to simple astrology videos, see if you understand something, see if you taste something, see that some dots are connected, see that life improves a little, only then learn a little about yourself, like he is the one with ice cream.  I am in Gurga, go to Ammi Small, Hey Guns or which expensive ice cream do you have? It is very expensive, so you will get only this much ice cream but in it, he does not show the spoon that he has to take this one, he has to take that one, many times in my life.  Like, I took this too, I took this too, I took that too, all looked the same, brother, some arrogant bamo, give this one, okay, so many times, how many tests will you do, but if anyone has children, the children have understood the test.  that chocolate one  If you want to take sweets, which one to take, then this is your tasting, you will enjoy this tasting too, okay, this also makes things hot in the race. You must have seen my small videos, earlier also I had posted a video, I used to post small simple ones.  What is to be implemented in practical life? There is one knowledge and there is practical knowledge too, like I had recently made a video about the last one of my Dwadashi, what to do on Dwadashi Tithi.  If it happens, then look at it, now these people are like this, I am very careful because when I say that the name is specially kept Sango, Saral Jyoti, easily so that you can digest it slowly, do n't know how to talk high, it has become like this, it has become style like this.  Don't beat me, my dear Guruji tells me very easily and explains it. Okay, so my meaning remains like this because learning also remains like this and teaching also remains like this and it is more fun.  make it heavier  Neither do people run away. Now I had to tell you the book. I have this book in English as well as in Hindi. It is looking vomit, wait for a minute, I will still tell you about it. You can clearly see the Vedic Astrology. Vedic Astrology, this is the Elements of Vedic Astrology, Volume One and Volume Two. If it is Doctor Case of Charak, then this thing is explained easily, so this book is very Hindi, there will be edition in Hindi also, so this is a thousand books.  You will take five, you will take 10, you will get confused, buy more books when you reach some level, in the beginning, if you have to take it, then this one is good, and whenever you read a new subject, do not grab five because Bhavesh's book is in it.  What to do with Asar and Panchamesh, Medical Astrology about children, it has entered into it, it has entered into KP, some are doing something else with Gemini, Nadi or Vedic Astrology, most of them are the same, rest is up to you.  Brihat Pra Hora Shastra do this shloka loka and in this also all the shlokas are loka, everything is fine but we have to learn astrology, we do not have to impress anyone, it is okay not to come and read your knowledge, first of all we have to learn, when we learn.  Then reach to that level that I will recite the verse and I will say that it is written on this page and there is this and its part is there. Friend, I say learn the thick of any subject at 50-60 but it is good. People keep discussing about the last 10-20 marks and they keep discussing about the last 10-20 marks and if they don't get 60 marks then it is like this in the Indian education system and here too I have seen that people have to do big things. Learn the basics, friend, first feel yourself, you will start understanding, then I said it in a simple way, many people were talking, so I also told this book, you can read this book side by side, you can read my videos.  You can see, you can take membership and otherwise we also plan many webinars at almost free price. You can read astrology information in the comment section and that too, you will get to learn things easily in life. You will see this by learning astrology.  Meaning, the eighth house is also related to astrology or astrology is also seen from the eighth house and you all know that the eighth house is also a bit problematic, problems also come from there. Will you keep learning astrology?  And whether it happens or not, troubles will definitely come in life, they come to everyone but it will not seem like this. Suppose you have listened to this video of mine very attentively for eight minutes, then if you have listened to this then you are not very sad in the last two minutes. Because you were listening to something, wanted to learn something, this is the only thing that I should learn which will be of some benefit to me, my life will become better if we walk on this path, especially this year is the eighth year, anyway, it is okay.  You will get a lot of relief at that time  So you will get when I am learning and when after learning you are full of value and wisdom and some knowledge then you start getting that wise man type feeling in yourself then you do not get entangled in buffaloes if you spend maximum time of your free time in learning things.  If you are taking it out then you are avoiding arguments with people, jealousy and envy and in this because the mind has to be a little free to be jealous of someone if the whole mind is occupied all the time.  He is learning good things, if he wants to know something, then his mind will say, friend, what more can you do, he does a job, earns money, gets time in between, he is also learning something, he also entertains a little, but this backbiting and argument people.  Discussing, doing family politics, doing all this and I would also request the women, there are many women who live in this, come sister, gossip like this, I mean I am not putting down, but she lives in this moat, she speaks with her mouth. So she doesn't say it but she likes it very much, so don't do it, there is no use in telling your husband to anyone, telling your in-laws, this is like this, they are like this, this is like this, so the men who are looking at their women. Evolve also, friend, I am so surprised in astrology, it is normal, I think that if people come to classes or learn astrology, then if 100 people are connected to astrology, then normally a person thinks that there will be more women because it seems that this  There is a women's department. Yay, man thinks that 5050 would be the normal gender. It's like it is in this ratio, it's almost fine, but man, there are very few women in it. It's around 75, 80, 82, 85, there are men, there are females, not even 15, 15, 20. Now everything I am saying is busy in raising children and is busy in it and this is such a thing if your small child also  You are one year and six months old, you are also pregnant, you have a three-four-five-year-old child, you can take out time comfortably, and those whose children have grown up are housewives, not doing anything, nothing is happening in life.  Then brother, feel free to come and learn, at least if you learn this then you will become relevant by telling good things to the people around you in your community, in the society, by imparting knowledge. Being the basis, this is the life of housewives in mid 40s and 40s.  When the children are grown up, they are no longer relevant in the children's life, they do not care much about their mother, the husband is busy with something of his own, okay and brother, life is going on like this, how many kitty parties will you go to and how much?  Will you go to that kitty party and eat something satisfactorily? Then today you will visit Mrs. Mehra's place, then Mrs. Nehra's place, then Mrs. Sunny's, Sharma's place, Mishra's place, if anything good happens in your life.  Learn it is fine and the one who is learning is very happy, then she does not need anyone and people need her, this is a good life, you are not dependent on anyone, some people are dependent on you, if you ask, then this is my  It is a matter of peace to take people on this path, whether you get something else or not, whether something happens in life or not, become a great astrologer or not, whether something else happens or not, you will get peace, that is guaranteed and it comes only in learning the right way.  will mean  The work itself will start bearing fruit. There is no need to wish for the result. The work itself is bearing fruit and when the work itself becomes the fruit and not the very act of doing it itself, then nothing can be better than that. This is my  personal ex pa