Hello friends, this is one thing that is asked a lot in astrology, you people must have also heard that there are non-believers, although I have already cleared the matter of belief and non-belief, but you must be curious that if two children are the same.  If they were born at the same time in the hospital, then their horoscope will be the same, because the location is the same, the time is also the same, in this I will also tell about the twins, I will make the second half of the video.  First of all, you should think that two different children belong to different parents, because twins belong to one parent, so let me explain both the things very beautifully. These videos are also my technical ones which have started for the learner but this also.  Together are necessary because when things will be understood in the mind, if not a little, then it will seem like this, why is it not the same, then if you tell me this, then you will think that Ramesh and Suresh are fine, Ramesh Suresh takes the name which is a bit old fashioned.  name is on  Let's take Ramesh, he was born in a Lilavati hospital or take any name, he was born here on the first floor or in an operation theater and at the same time a groom was born, so the distance is the same, the time is the same, the universe is the same, your horoscope is the same.  That is nothing, that is the selfie of the stars at that time when you were born or by chance you took a selfie, who was where and what planet was there, so both of you were born with the same things, so brother, then their lives should be played out in the same way. This is exactly the case and then why doesn't it happen in real life? Some people's life is good, some people's life is very good, some people's life is bad, then we will discuss that thing. Yes, Kundli, both the things are same. Let's say today because of respect.  Both the horoscopes are the same. I will also tell the twins' horoscopes. Both are the same. Okay, so in this horoscope it is written that it will work better than father. Let's say the same in this one too. It is written that it will work better than father because the stars are the same. Now.  The father of both of them, his father is worth two crores, his father is a leather worker, so he will become a clerk from the cloth because he is also good and this is relative first of all, where you are starting, where you belong, he will be from the graph onwards.  It is a template and it is relative. If it says that happiness will come in marriage or not in someone else's then how does it matter, I will tell you that this is a very beautiful chart. That is a promise that you were born with a promise, this is the promise of your life, you have got your playing cards, both of you have got the same playing cards, you have got the same color and color, but now how are the players and their mentors, gurus.  And the exposure and what is that, that is different, isn't it, now who is his father, now someone said, yes, Mars week has happened or they would have said something like this planet is a little week or the real estate will not come, not the property. Brother, if she comes then it is okay, but her father has a lot, father is standing behind her, father's inheritance will be given, and inheritance is written here also, but here the inheritance is worth 10 lakhs and here it is worth 10 crores.  No difference because let's go ahead, what are the stars of your parents, are they like Ramesh Suresh, then do their parents' horoscopes are the same? I assume they will be almost the same, but what?  Do their parents also have the same status? Do their siblings also have the same status? Are they the younger children of their own family or the elder child or both are older children? Gender also plays a role, whether it is a boy or a girl, caste or creed also makes a difference.  It also makes a difference, the ecosystem also makes a difference, eating and drinking everything will change, will all those things be that, then when you look at it, it is something like if I tell it with the formula of chemistry, although I don't like getting into astrology and science.  I do n't want to intrude because I have already told you what astrology is and the story of grandparents is not just nonsense but to prove a point, I tell you through science that if we have chemical beans, this is also chemical and this too.  It is a chemical, now we think that even if we mix them, we will get one thing, but if many of us have studied chemistry, then there must be a catalyst, there must be an environment, there must be a temperature, there must be some moisture, there must be different things.  That is also a thing, you are sitting with the same thing, but how can you do it now, like if you grind rice in South India, it gets fermented and Idli is made from it, Dosa becomes soft, the same thing is made without adding yeast or anything else in a foreign country.  If you ca n't make it then the ingredients are like if you have cooking oil, if you separate the cooking oil or leave the cooking oil aside, some are making it in desi ghee, some are making it in mustard. This is cooking in oil, the taste will definitely change, that is understandable, I am telling you that some are cooking on stove, some are cooking on coal, some are cooking in pot, some are cooking in another vessel.  If you are making it in the microwave, even if the ingredients are the same, the result is different, the taste of the food is different, so you have to understand this thing, in this you should not become one thing, yes man, this thing seems very logical, yes those things seem logical.  So my words are not looking logical but what is this problem, no one told you logically like this, the name of Ts and channel is Sango, simple astrology because I have not spread this awareness because whatever doubts you have in your mind, we will see them logically only. This science is not being experimented in very great labs. If you want to become a great scientist, then go on that path, go to NASA, DRDO and all these facilities which are against ISRO.  Those ISRO people also follow DRDO people, NASA people also follow it, that's a different thing, okay, they follow many things but no problem, if you want to become a great scientist then you can go, but if you want to bring peace in life then these things.  You will have to understand now what is there in twins because in the case of twins the ecosystem will be the same and they are also born with a difference of two minutes, there is a difference of two-three minutes, although the d60 changes.  There is a chart, it changes in two minutes, I don't enter into it, I exit because it is simple astrology, I don't follow its exit route because it happens many times, we get too technical, it doesn't change, friend, by and large it is the same.  If it is rough then it is the same, then d1 is the same, your d9 will also be the same, okay, the rest is getting changed after going to d60, yes, its flavor etc. changes, if it happens a little, then this is  Tells you that there is something called free will also, that's why, yes, that's why, this is a perfect example that everything is not in the hands of stars, everything is not in the hands of parents, everything is not in their hands. If you want to explain this then you can also see it in this way that the concept of Prarabdha Karma is beautifully explained, in this case Prarabdha Karma means previous birth.  If you believe in Karma then it is because you are listening to the story because the logic is through the story. The story of the grandparents is going on. You have not seen it. No, it is the grandparents' fault. Logically, we will do something. Brother, look, is it a boy or a girl? Well, what is the difference between the two? If twins are born, then the gender changes. Due to the change of gender, how the work world looks at them is different. They have got the same status in terms of potential but since the world  If the external is different then the result also comes different. This is an interpretation. When the gender is different in twins, now the gender becomes same in twins. Let's say the chart is also the same. Parents are also the same. They are going to the same school, wearing the same clothes.  We are eating the same food but there is not much of it. One is being fed from the left side and the other is being fed from the right side. Differences start appearing little by little. One is liking something in some way, the other is liking something in some way, then gradually the parents also like it. You take any roti, no matter how much of it you have to halve, then brother, there will be a difference of 1920. You expect the same amount to come, the same difference starts coming here too, but the theory of Praar Karma is more prevalent. For example, both of you have opened a bank account, the twins are fine, their account is also opened with ₹ lakh, this too is ₹  It is okay when both of you are born, in a way now equal amount of money is being invested in both of you, parents are investing exactly equally in lakhs, then at one stage both of them should have one crore rupees, but now we  Let's see in real time that one sibling has done better and the other has not done well. I am telling you as an example, that is, a person was born with a minus bank balance, the old one was positive and the other one was probably positive or zero.  If one was born with balance, one in life is there, one is a sibling, he has reached here, the other one has not reached, well, this one has reached, the templates will be different in me too, one will be monetary, one will be in relationships, one will have good marital life, one will have less.  It is good that one child has become two, one is not able to give birth to a child or some such situation can also happen. As far as education is concerned, now the school is in both the schools, so if I take the example.  If both brothers are going to the same school, they are going to the same class, then there are 40 other children in the class. Well, they were born somewhere as per their choice, but they studied in the same school, some are appearing in IET, some are appearing somewhere else.  If it is not working then the results are checked there also, here also you will see it checked because what you are carrying from the past and how what ever happens if you have the same potential as the chart.  Promise How you are affected by others and outside people have equal influence on you, what kind of influence will also make a difference and yet there are many common things, it is not like that, I am not saying that every twin's life is like this.  It happens so many times that it is quite similar, there is same in the property also, here too it is same, it will be quite equal, two brothers are also equal, anyway if you analyze the charts a lot. In the family, you find Kamli in the charts anyway, where there are no twins etc. You look at the husband, wife and two children. You look at their charts and you will find Mars in common. For example, if someone's Mars is in Leo, the mother's and the child's will also be there. It is possible that he will be there in the house.  It is okay if the passion gets separated but you will see the similarity within the family. You will find 100% similarity within the charts. It will be found common in either the houses or in the seventh house of someone.  If Mercury is found in someone else's too, then you see such common things, only then we are related, only then we are related in the family, each one of us affects each other and as I told earlier, those who have first two children, then parents.  Sin stars are different and they also affect positively and negatively or the way things are, they make one's life different. Like they say, food is being cooked inside a pan and on a wooden surface like before. Time  Things used to be made in the same way, but in modern times, there is a difference in the taste of cooking, so in the same way, I hope you have understood through this example, thank you very much.