Hello friends, why don't we cut hair on Tuesday, some say that we don't cut nails, some say that Thursday should not be cut, Saturday should also be removed, but mostly on Tuesday, I think most of us agree upon, okay, so what is there in astrology, I have very  Do research on this topic. Hey Guru ji, we know that Mars is Mars, it is Hanuman ji 's day, that is why we do not do it. Hey, all the days belong to someone or the other, friend, which day is it from Monday to Sunday?  Which Dozen Belongs to Anybody? Now even though it is Shani Ji's Saturday, they don't speak like this. So when did this happen? Is it written somewhere a thousand years ago or is it just a 200-300 year old phenomenon? Only the British had come since then.  Phenomena: Earlier it was said that one does not cut hair on Amavasya but one did not do any work on that day. What is happening? I will just tell you today that one does not cut hair on Tuesdays and nails.  You don't cut your nails like this, you don't cut your nails at night, you have to see that first everything is called religion, then I do n't know about religion, then I got connected to Astro and then he said that it is written in Astro that it is religion, then he says many times 'mummy mummy', oh I do n't know, just don't cut.  Hey, I told you, it just happens like this to you, sometimes now there are new children, they are curious, it is okay, it is Mercury, the child will ask, what is the logic, so I am also asked, I too do not have internet, I have read books and all this and worked very hard.  I worked very hard, I do n't think till date this video has been made on anyone because these videos have been made on why don't they cut and they have answers which is my answer, I don't think anyone has given this which I have discovered.  And this is the answer and this seemed logical to me and I am an astrologer, also a religious person and having read all the books, I am born in Vitabest and am giving the knowledge here that why hair is not cut on Tuesday then it is a fact, okay. What happened with the arrival of the British, things became a little streamlined. They used to say that Sunday has to be taken as a holiday. In our country, Sunday is not a holiday. According to me, Sunday should not be taken. Sunday is not a day. You should take a holiday. You should take a holiday on a new moon day. Which used to happen earlier because at that time your system is such that you want to relax and you should relax. You will see yourself that on Amavasya day, you do not feel like doing the work. You will note down the date from next time.  Get engaged and it is not like that no no no, if I say it then you will not feel like noticing it on your own, Sunday is something, we should celebrate and work is done, earlier there was economy of water system, work used to be done on Sunday but the British did it.  Then a day came that if any Nana will open a shop in Barbersville, there is a sense of loss, then something is made to implement it, if brother does not do it on this day, then there will be trouble.  Feel like, what should we discuss, how should we discuss which story will we be able to make more, which day will be suitable, let's do it on Sunday, everyone will be off on Sunday, so everyone will come on Sunday, if you close the shop then they have free time.  Even today, most of the cuttings take place on Sundays. Well, earlier it was said that one should not cut at night. If there is no light then the hair was not cut. Now there are lights everywhere etc., now children.  who from job  I will come to the barber's shop like I will tell you which day I go, I will also tell you this, so see all these days, which day was told in such a way that this day is fine, otherwise, if it is Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, then there are a lot of reasoning stories and  Everything is fine, rest of the places, even Sunday has not been said to be fine, it is better which day has been said to be fine, according to all this, and I will tell which days are cut off, I, I, I will also tell about mine, that is fine.  You may not be able to follow it because there should be a routine for it, okay, so I will tell you about my day, you have to choose that, do it, I have chosen and why I am doing it, I will tell you that too, okay. Most Liked Reason of Tuesday This is what I understood that if I had to do it on any one day then that Tuesday was chosen It is something like this, why is this right, why is this left, why is this not right, why is this not left, brother  Someone had to say right, someone had to say left, no, North Pole, South Pole, the earth is round, so this is North, this is South, yes, now the sky is above, below, space is above, below, on the side or right, we have to tell after going ahead.  It should be like this hand, now call this one this, now call this one right, someone call it right, it is okay and that is Punjabi usm khabbe paase ye pass, saying this, everyone has made it their own, he has to say something, so in everything when  You start searching and people start giving and then it seems logical otherwise then you lose faith in those things, what nonsense is this, this is superstition, this is astrology, this astrology never said when to cut hair, when not to cut it, now people have  Theta thought that look, this is how it is, Mars is Mars, if Mars is Mars, then there is blood, so if you apply energy on this day, then the energy will be like this, then blood will come out, yes, this energy will be like this, yes, there is some energy like this.  It happens, I myself tell you, I also use the word, it is not like that, and if something happens, it will happen, but man, if he calls it more energy or phenergy, then he is telling you such things that your five senses.  There is something beyond these which you do not have and you cannot feel, then this is logic, friend, this is not fun, then this logic has gone out of logic, then now if you do this then Dhruv Rathi will make further videos, brothers and sisters, Wikipedia.  Specialist Dhruv Rathi, so many crores of subscribers, look at this, if they do it like this, then we have to feel ashamed, joke, we all are like this in this one, otherwise now one of our own will say like this, we know that it is not to be done on this day, so how can we tell now that  Brother, all this system works well, come, learn, understand and see and whatever you cannot digest then leave it, I have left it, I told you on Tuesday, brother, I have decided, Tuesday is for the British.  It has started from time, it was not long before that, long before that, you can see that big sharp things were very rare, there were no scissors and screws, there were not many glasses and tools, so things were cut during the day only, not at night.  This was the reason for the night. They say somewhere in the village at night that a child should not be thrown up at night. And that lamp was lit. When the lantern was lit, there was darkness above the height of each level. So if you put the baby up, then there might be a problem in catching the light, now I say that it should not be done in this day, you are throwing the baby, the light went out, the door did not take on the stand.  Bye, it took time to come, so you threw the child, the lights went out, okay, you should not cut your nails at night, it is dark at night, if you cut your nails, your hand will be cut, now what is there in that simple thing, put a little religion in everything, a little  sa put it all  Then people used to agree, who should explain, what should not be done by speaking directly, what is a sin, it feels bad, now that, that, you see this, you are now sitting above you, no one should go from above, no, one should not go from above, go from above.  That person remains small. Well, by going over the top, he becomes small, meaning then how does it happen like this, how can one remain small? So the question is that friend, it was basically a poor country, they must have been sleeping together, so they would have gone over each other. I'm not a good  The thing is okay, who am I going to walk over, otherwise if you do n't call him a bad thing, then everyone should do this. Someone is sleeping on the footpath, someone is walking over him, someone is sleeping next to him, you are walking over him, this is it.  If you are, then you should not go on this, it is not a good thing, but now you will have to put theta behind it, so put some reason, otherwise the next person also remains old and small, now what is education, logic has come, you have studied, you can also be rich.  everything is gone now  Those things will remain with us. Why can't we say directly to him that no friend, we can like someone, we have shoes, we have feet, now we have something, so if someone's feet touch us, then we do like this because we  From inside, that thing is a hurtful thing, that the feet are contempt, it is okay because there is dust in the feet, the energy of the feet is from the house, now these things too, so I can take liberty in astrology, yay Sango life.  I will tell then people  You will not understand, 12th house, you know, feet is the 12th house, okay, there is that kind of link somewhere, so we touch that bo positive hand, okay, touch the feet with the hand, do not touch the hand with the foot, that means if you understand, then hand with foot. That circuit is formed by touching hands. Sometimes I will also tell you about the system of blessings. In India, you should not give blessings to everyone. You should not touch your feet with everyone and you should not touch everyone's feet. This is also a no-no culture.  P No, this is not the culture, this is not the culture. Touching everyone's feet is not the culture. Touching everyone's feet and blessing them by touching is not the culture. Namaste is the culture that I agree. You should not shake hands. Namaste, this is the logic of it. All these things too.  I will tell you in one go, it will be too long, so I will leave it at this that brother, whatever these things are, these things were celebrated according to a routine and they are followed somewhere where  If it is Thursday, then Thursday suits them there. Whatever bar association was there or where those people were, shoot many people on Saturday, then whoever is shooting, he did it. Wednesday suits me, Katana, so I say, Wednesday is good Wednesday.  That too at 11:00, now at 11:00 on Wednesday you will go to a barber shop, good, bad, cheap, expensive, very expensive, it will be empty, it is the middle of the week, no one has to go anywhere.  What is normal? Hair is cut even on Friday. Why is there a party or a wedding on the weekend? There is such a scene that there is a crowd there. On Saturdays because of the weekend, there is a crowd. If you go in the evening, people come from work these days and want to do their work for the next day.  It's someone's interview, someone's function, presentation, those people too, or it's okay to get time only then and there is a crowd there on Wednesday and there is no story for anyone on Wednesday. No one tells you not to cut Wednesdays, it's okay, rest of the days there is something or the other made for every day, okay then cut them when you can, yes they are cutting but if mom is getting angry, wife is getting angry, someone is angry, then they are angry.  Is it necessary to give rest on Tuesday? Now many people will start cutting hair on Tuesday also. If they cut it, if they do something then it is their community, it is brotherhood. Those who are going to cut their hair are also breaking their rules.  Brother, take rest for one day, we have already told you that it will be Tuesday, otherwise your body will not get any rest. It will say that brother, we will give you rest on Tuesday, when you will be in the market of Gujarat.  If you go or go to Bengal, you will not find anyone else there in the afternoon. If lunch break is going on then lunch break is going on. If they have to take a cyst then they have to take it, they have to do it, they have to do it, they have to do it 100%, okay then?  In that, the whole market treats you like this, but if you come to North India, the shop opens in the morning and runs till night, brother, everyone has their own nature, so it is for this reason that they are here and there is no other logical reason.  It is not consistent with the scriptures, every day there is something related to some of our gods and goddesses, so now you do not have to compete in that, I can displease this one but I cannot displease this one, so it would not be a good idea logically that I should displease them.  so make me angry  I wonder why are you cutting into their day? Then it's okay, so Tuesday was chosen and at that time when chosen, they applied logic that yes, this is the logic, we are also applying this logic.  Well, we feel that this is auspicious, blood is energy, energy is high, a cut will be made and blood will come out, this day is furious, if there is anger, then it means the barber will get angry instead of cutting your hair, he will cut something else, meaning what is the logic?  Really do n't know, if the logic that is being told does n't even fit into that logic then it means it's okay, anger can come to some people at some times, it's okay, so this is mine, I pushed you harder than I did.  If you are getting any other logical reason other than this, then it will be learning for me also. There is no one who knows all the qualities, neither am I. If you like it very much, but these are the four or five reasons which I have given.  Apart from this, it should be said that these chaps are the ones who are doing float rounds, all of them are saying that actually this is actually energy, this is not this, I did not understand, okay, so this reason is that it started from the time of British.  It is more when the British were ruling us, they did all the things slowly and gradually, this day will be like this, this day will be like this, holidays will be like this, it will be like this, they made it like this, so all that  There are market associations in things like mostly Tuesday was the chosen day, many people did Thursday, many people did Saturday, this has also happened, so I hope you people got clarity from this and got to learn. Thank you very much in the comment section for Astrology Webinar.  There is also an Info Group, you can join it too if you want to attend the webinars, seminars, workshops on astrology topics that we conduct. You can join him, thank you very much