Hello friends, again a very popular question that is asked is about controlling the time of birth, because nowadays caesarean operations are done, then it is too big. Guruji, it is time to have a child, tell me when should you do it, because this is a favorite and not match fixing.  Let's do it brother, we will tell you when the child will be born, it is a very interesting topic, I am teaching simple astrology very easily, you will see these types of questions in a playlist now, frequency. Or Frequency Queries on Astrology because in a way I am teaching what you are seeing, the technical ones like this house, zodiac sign, ascendant, I am teaching the significant ones but I am teaching these also simultaneously because.  These are popular questions and I am teaching them very simply and if these genuine questions come then the answer has to be given because these are the answers which astrologers tell in public.  I don't want to come and commit because then what am I here? By doing social service and social like this, it is not my aim to show that I am very great, that is my aim. It is never like that others are bad, so I can never help my fraternity.  You should not even do one thing by spoiling it, everything is spoiled, I am very great, that is not the purpose but some people shy away from telling this publicly, so today I am going to tell you what should be done if your wife is about to deliver.  Yours  Daughter-in-law's delivery, daughter's delivery, delivery is taking place in your family, date has been fixed, so now you know that Lagan also lasts for two hours. Okay, so every man wants to get some good Lagan or you can set something good.  Lest such a bad thing happens to many of me, oh, the passion of Sade Sati will happen and I was not understanding what will happen, meaning Sade Sati comes to everyone, so if you are born in Sade Sati, then what is there, how much fixing you have to do.  to do  What is it, I tell it in the beginning and then tell its logic. I will not call it like this that people say that I will tell the result in the end and then I will keep talking, I will keep talking, so I tell you in the beginning that there is no need to do anything when the child is being born.  Whatever is happening, let it happen, let me tell you interesting things which in my practice, I have never told anyone like this because I believe in this thing that brother, when the child is coming, he is a soul.  it has been a journey  Is it fixed, why do you want to do something like this, it means that it could be that the soul was born in this life to get salvation and her life is going in a pattern, you come playing God, after doing something, you want to do something else, poor thing.  Then he will do it to her, he will hold her head, I don't know which father or mother, here the program was to be right, it was to be according to us, they did the match fixing, they went to someone else and said, ' Hey, this one will be very good, if you do it like this'  The first thing is not to be done. Okay, the first thing is not to be done. And now I will tell you a little bit about my reasoning as to why it should not be done. When we say that it is good for the child, if some chart comes, then you have to do one thing.  In practice, I saw that those who fix a lot, gave anesthesia, did not do the work, the doctor who was supposed to come met with an accident, the time of the operation was fixed and everything was happening, some other emergency case came and that doctor was called there.  you had to run away  Cesarean was not an extremely emergency case, so it was said that after half an hour, some obstruction occurs even after the vagina is formed and in many cases I have seen that it occurs when the man was becoming very weak, something or the other, something or the other, that happened.  Because even after fixing, it is not fixed so great because it is not that any big leader of the country is getting a powerful position or appointment, all the doctors are for you sparing no effort and so much.  Even fixing has been done, sometimes this does not happen and sometimes even if you have done it, why is it wrong? I would like to tell you that if you see this for the child, then you will fix it. The child has said it is something like this, this is okay for the child.  You had something to happen here, you fixed it here and separated it, now what is the matter that you can change it, you cannot change yours, whatever parents are listening to me, parents and these grandparents share knowledge.  are or Grandparents or someone else distributes the message that you fix it, you and your family cannot fix yourself, you fix your own dedication, you are sitting with all of them, so you can do it for him, so called good dedication, he is there for you.  Then it may not be so good for you that it becomes you, you, me, or it happens with mom, it happens with someone else, you try to fix one thing and another thing happens. For example, Shani Dev is currently in Aquarius.  Okay, so wherever 11 is written in the horoscope, wherever 11 is written, there is the zodiac sign, the horoscope is formed, Shani ji is there, now you can place them anywhere as you wish, you can do match fixing only in your passion, or who are these 11 zodiac signs?  You cannot remove Shani ji from 11th house and you cannot remove it from your horoscope. He will definitely come. If he comes to the 7th house then you can delay the marriage.  If you come to the fifth house then it is possible that the child may get delayed. If you come to Lagan then your nature is a little less emotional. If you come to the second house then you will have different pain. Wherever you go, you will get pain. You cannot run away from Saturn in the same way Rahu.  If Ketu comes anywhere, he will do something or the other, so you are just saying that if it does not happen here, it should happen here and you would like to fix Rahu ji in the 11th house, if Rahu is good then  If Rahu is placed in the 11th house, then maybe Shani ji or Sun or any other plan may come to such a place that they are creating mess, there are no planets, no five, no seven, and no rotation, so how many can you fix?  If you fix it somewhere, it will make you sad somewhere. You see, it is something like someone fixing the cricket pitch, not Motera Motera. Now the name of the stadium has changed. What should be the name of the one from Ahmedabad?  Gya, write that the pitch will be like this, you will get out on 240 runs, if you become Ghan Shane, then they all make noise, they were making noise before that because you have no role in the toss, did you think that Australia will bat first because  Sri Lanka had also batted first in 2011 and then Dhoni had done it like this by hitting a six after dew, so even now we will do like this, Shaina turned out to be a bastard.  First took the batting, first did not take the batting, then gave it to you, oh yes, the same work is done in match fixing, with the dedication you want to play this kind of game, for example, you have laid out the cards, is it a game, like opening an oyster?  There is a game in which those cards are of spades, maybe by se or something like that. Here is an example. I don't know much about playing cards. I am telling you an example of a game. So, you have seen the cards which have points. By stealing it, you kept the queen, kept the king, set everything up and kept it with yourself, then it is in your hands, you have cheated, you have done match fixing, but how will that order be carried out or how will the counting be done or who are the initial cards?  If you were not able to fix the cards that will come from them, then the way the order was run, even with the better cards, such a situation happened that the next person would have those red cards as his own and the other would have said those sweet cards of yours like the black ones would say all those orders. He took that, that and his numbers got higher whereas you had distributed that nonsense to him, you had distributed good things to him because you don't have control over everything, that's why it is said that there is no need for anyone to do anything when it is in your hands.  I am not in it, let it be dealt once, just like the cards are being dealt, tell me about that, will you play the game otherwise your focus will remain like this, friend, we did that too, now we should have done that because if something good happens in life, we will have to take credit.  The match was fixed and then it got spoiled  If things happen then you will blame yourself that why did I do it because no one can stop anything bad from happening in someone's life, there is no perfect time, there is no perfect moment even in the moment.  It is said that there are five different things in Panchang, auspicious time etc., let them explain them separately sometime, there will be five different things, Nakshatra will be yours, Vaar will be yours, Tithi will be that, Yoga will be there, okay, all are different in this way.  You will not get the perfect ones, the date has become good, there is something wrong in the marriage, it has become a little less perfect or the yoga has become a little like that or the constellation is the same, how many will you adjust, brother, to what extent will you adjust, maybe you are getting good Lagan or something.  But something has happened to Nakshatra, you will give it to Nakshatra because you have to be able to fix the moon, now the child has to be born in cesarean, it is not like that you can postpone it for five days, only a little time is available.  There is nothing to be done in that also, if you do too much then there is no need to get into this trouble, now no one will tell you in any way that the shop is a bit spoiling because too much is spent for this too.  Today, if you see, it has become very popular because caesarean operations are being done at 95 in big cities, normal delivery has become very less and the delivery comes according to the pennies, nowadays you know, call it hospital, women.  say system or  Generally speaking, out of 100 children are born, 95 out of them come through caesarean operation, now they come in caesarean operation, then in those 95, those who have system of astrology etc. want to fix the match because in India, Jugaad has to be fitted, right?  If someone gets it there, if I get this, if I get benefit, if this happens, if that happens, then this is a national of India. Now all the people who have developed themselves in astrology or I in astrology.  It seems that if there are no parents then there are grandparents, okay, there are grandparents, there is some aunt or aunt, there must be someone or the other, then they come and give the idea and then the consultation starts for that, I realize that because of my  I know it a lot and now how can I explain it to each one individually, so today I explained through the video that brother, don't get involved in this matter, don't try to play God, they say, if it happens as per your wish then it is good as per your wish.  If not, then it's good because then he is planning, he has planned a journey, there are original manufacturing settings, something is fine, you are trying to play with the thing that is coming, it is not right after working.  What I am trying to say is, leave it, you can avoid it, there are many more arguments, but there are many more reasons, but I feel that they will become very technical. If you agree with me, then I am fine, then brother, I am saying the right thing, accept it now.  i him What did they talk about? Start studying the scriptures. It has not been reached with any big astrologer or anyone else. No, it cannot be done like this. Hey, do it, when there was real science, and the real thing was the concept that was conceived many thousands of years ago. That was considered a birth, all those things were erased so that then you can create devils and who knows who else in it. They themselves say that she was the real one, which one, what do they say to the children these days, what about science and technology, because  Astrology has come in handy  So, those terms, those babies which you conceive artificially are fine, so all those things could also be done, that was the time, but that knowledge was removed with great care because it could be misused a lot, that if at that time,  If you do this then it will become like this and this will happen and that real birth was the same that when your sperm plus ova is becoming a jagote, when is it becoming a jagote, at what time is it being formed, then that knowledge is the child of the king and the king. At that level, the protection of religion, the threat of such and such was at that level, and at that time too, whether it was released or not, it can still be messed up, it can be misused, so gradually it was made to disappear from the system and from knowledge. That Vidya is fine, then that again, otherwise in the next one, you will go to the D60 chart, there is a little idea in the d60 chart, what is that d60, which chart is that, I want to tell you one thing in the complex.  To explain it simply, to show the thesis, to prove it, there is knowledge time, to give 50 arguments, but that time will be a video of one and a half hour. In that time, believe me, brother, I have told you through letters as if it is Motera.  I am repeatedly saying that the name of the stadium is different, why do you have to do that, friend, the batting that is happening, the toss is not in your hands, then how do you know, you will get it first, she will say, you do something like this, it is like  Try to do that and lose the World Cup. Do you want to lose the World Cup? You yourself, your child's star is good, bad or bad, you are there for that, just do your hard work, you say, child, I am with you, many  It is such that many a times it has been seen that due to match fixing, it backfires, something or the other will happen to him, he is not yours, if he gets from the father, then he does not get from the mother because he is under the control of the parents. Not there.  No, which kind of passion are the parents sitting with, the parents have different passions, okay, and the planet of that time, wherever it is, is sitting there, it has to give its impact somewhere or the other, you are saying it to me.  If you do n't get any effect here, if you don't get much effect in the seventh house, then there is father in the ninth house, if not in the ninth house, if you give it in the fourth house, then there is mother in the fourth house, no, do it in Lagan, you are getting effect in Lagan, no, do it in the second.  Give it to him in a second, your Ansel, the family of the beginning, it is not about him, put it in the lens, then it is your money, what do you want to compromise on, when you tell me, if not on someone, then let it come.  The wheel is the wheel of fortune. It is rotating anywhere. Because of your dedication, let something happen. After it happens, we will look at that thing. We will pay attention to that thing. This will be done selfishly. According to me, it is bad karma. Anybody who does this. This is my personal opinion. Now, which one will you say? I can't tell, yes, there is something, but it is my personal opinion that like this, doctors also do more indulging, sometimes the doctor offers it and sometimes even a package is offered today.  This is done because this is also a very good business, there is a good hospital, he has typed it with a good letter and says, we are giving it in a package, this is a different startup idea, by the way, you will say you are a scoundrel.  On one side he says don't do it, on the other side I am also an entrepreneur, tell me a very strong child, I will make a perfect chart and give you a package of Rs. 000 and made it expensive. Guruji's fee is Rs. 200,000, 40000, whatever is fine, but don't enter, please tell us.  We don't want it, it will happen when it has to happen, okay, so this is my take, how many of you guys have now understood, then type 's' in the comment section.  Now spread it in your circle because this is good karma. According to me, when you spread this knowledge to the people, that friend is telling this, it is right because now all the children are born by caesarean, thick is fine, 95 is plus, it is fine in big cities.  I am also getting the habit among the athletes and the younger ones too. Wherever I am coming, they are saying, who should wait, it will be painful, run like this, hospitals also have to pay their bills half the time and that is the normal one. So she will go home in a day and the one with caesarean will stay for five days, so in terms of day, I mean more, even the anti-medical people flog her, everyone is my friend, it is okay for me not to spoil any business, everyone is doing their duty.  Is it okay, so nowadays they say that the baby comes out big, it does not come out due to stress because if it comes out normal, the baby also goes under stress, so nowadays a new one should also be told, I don't know how many or big baby.  Is the baby comfortable? Is the baby comfortable? The baby should not have any problem. There is a big baby in the caesarean. These days sir will come. Instead, tell me what is your take but do not fix it in the matter of time. That is the M, don't try.  To fix the time, how many will you listen to me and spread this message? Please write this message in the comment section. I request you with folded hands, this thing should not be spread. You should know, according to me, you will send this message. So according to me it is good karma and if even after knowing this thing you still want to do match fixing then according to me it is not right. This is my personal opinion that you should not fix matches like this. Many times people have tried to fix it.  It does n't happen and even after getting fixed, the results are like you were thinking that something will be great, something is not great, meaning you will not think that I will do this, then I don't know, become an IS, it is nothing, nothing, do as much as you want, it is not possible.  They  The flavor will do, that and that will do, adjusting the vision from somewhere is so complicated that it does n't matter if you say no, it's not like that, because at that time, like big stars, you can't change them, isn't it right?  So I hope you get the message ok and spread it. Thank you very much.