Hello friends, this is a very important topic of simple astrology, you people have to implement it immediately in the coming weekend, whenever you are watching this video, please declutter your roof and those who live in flats, who do not have their own roof, means not in the house.  If you don't have a house in your house, then your two- chattiya ji is your twelfth house. I come and see it. Usually, when something related to Vastu happens, I go to the roof and look at it. The piper is old.  The tile is broken, it is an old garbage material, the iron is rusting, that is, the useless things of the house which are never used and thrown away, they are not putting SIP there. Yes, it is not that there is any gold nugget lying there or silver which will grow.  Later you will be left with scrap material, it is 99 rupees but sun and rain and anyway whatever is there is getting finished, please sell it to the scrap dealer also, Rahu increases if you do this then if not  Astrology is your 12th house, so now you will see the benefits of this house again, you will automatically see the benefits of your expenses, whatever is being done unnecessarily, that house is also there, it is the twelfth house, it will come under your control and see you getting sleep at night.  Issues are happening, they will seem to be getting resolved, your anxiety will be affected, you are not able to go to a foreign country, you are not able to get a visa or your idea of ​​going somewhere foreign i.e. the place where you were born got stuck.  You will see all these things happening, you will see this benefit 100% and all the clothes that you are sitting with stuff in your boxes will be used someday, sometimes you will be fit, sometimes you are not going to be fit and  Maybe there is no need to have it, okay, that much time is gone, please give the clothes to someone else, give them anywhere, dispose of them, old books, old electronic items, bad electronic items, but someone calls them eggs.  no eggs no eggs  There is no need to keep them anywhere, there is no use of them, so remove from everywhere in your house whatever things you are not using and have not used in the last 6, 10, 12 months, please throw them away for the sake of children. Old toys, old items, stationery items, people don't know what they keep, they do n't get rid of old possessions, leather goods, torn bags, people also keep a lot of polythene, it is okay, it will be needed sometime, it will be needed for someone, broken bucket is okay.  The coolers are dead but maybe I can get it repaired and become a tycoon or sell it to someone. This is the kind of planning that if you are doing then please don't do it. The message is keep the roof completely clean, your mummy. Keep it clean. What happens sometimes is that you have cleaned the stuff or even if the stuff is not there, still check there to see if any type of moss is frozen. I would suggest people to spend a little water and put good stucco on their roofs.  4. I also know that there is an expense of 50 feet and if there is 500 feet, then the expense of Haj is 253, but it will remain clean, there will be a broom and a mop, whenever you feel like doing so, please keep it clean because the people above know.  No, they have a brick type setup and the roof is as if you go, nowadays real estate has become very expensive in big cities, so I don't know what all they have made, they have kept the whole thing green and grass type.  We give it complete paint job, it gets amazing type, tiles are used, trees are planted, flowers and plants are planted, good plants etc. are there, plant everything in a good way so that one feels like sitting there, make the terrace as per your wish.  There is a roof and the people who are sitting with two chhatiyas should have only minimum luggage in it and there should be empty suitcases and do not fill them with too much stuff, do not fill them even under the bed, that is another message, people under the bed too.  We keep a lot of stuff, we have to keep it clean, keep a little bit, POS is the city of space, I also understand that, I am a real estate person also, so I understand the importance of that, but don't keep garbage, that is, don't keep anything that smells.  Or whatever is not good to look at, which you cannot wear, which cannot be touched to your body, that is, things like this, which you do not use, which you declutter, you should do all these things, it is very important, it can be done through simple astrology. I am bringing practical things which people are following me. The practical things are small, they don't cost much, even water does not cost much, people are getting very good feedback on these things, I will keep bringing videos like this, I will keep bringing them through practicality.  We also do some small workshop webinars in the coming time. If you want to join them too and want information then you will find Webinar Info Group in the comment section. Astrology Simple Astrology Webinar.  You will find an info group, please join it, then you will get to know and learn all that, thank you very much.