Hello friends, where does your mind feel, then I teach you just like simple astrology, I do not want to do anything technical, you understand the mind, okay, Rajesh Khanna once said, Pushpa, the mind is fickle, okay, the mind is fickle, the moon is very fast.  The fastest moving thing is that within astrology the zodiac sign changes in two and a quarter days, so where is your mind, this is defined by where is your moon, now where is the moon, where is the moon, in which house is the ascendant.  In the horoscope, if you are sitting with the Moon in the first house, then brothers and sisters, then your mind is focused on yourself, whoever has Moon in the ascendant, you can see them, you cannot tell which one is their caste, trust, simple.  Astrology is like it happens many times, we can tell by looking at the face that he is from this caste or that caste, the sage will not get this round face, you will not know about the caste and vata, he is sitting with moon in ascendant and I am whose face.  Let me give you an example, I mean you can see what kind of face it will be, it will be round face and suppose if he is a Jat then he will talk like a tradesman, okay that means you will not be able to find out what is his caste, okay then you can meet such a person.  If you know, then you can write in the comment section whose words are something, caste is something, the face looks round and are happy, these people are normal but whatever their moon is sitting in the ascendant, if they have the same emotions then they will be on their face.  You will come to know that if he gets angry, then as soon as he gets angry, it will be visible on his face. As soon as he gets angry, it will be visible on his face. As soon as he gets angry, happiness will appear on his face. There will be no control. This is your Moon in the first house. To some extent, this Moon will also work in these Aries. See it anytime, whenever in astrology.  Planets in houses and all this is discussed, so you can interchange it, in houses it works 100% but in zodiac also it works 50 to 75 depending upon which planet.  I am sitting with you and if his flavor changes, then I will not complicate it. Astrology is simple. There is no need to take 100 out of 100 numbers. If you understand even the thick and thin in astrology, then you will get so much peace in life. What are we, isn't it a new thing? Learn what I tell you many times to students or here, you don't have to get a job by topping any exam, you have to bring stability in your life, you have to bring relaxation, then understand as much as you can.  If you apply as much as you can, then the Moon will be in the second house, then what are the working elements of the second house, what happens in the significant house, Moon in the first house is also food and the second house can also be food, that too in the mind.  And how much identification will you have in it? It will also take into account your original family, the parents where you were born or were born, and the face will also be good. The face of the person in the second house will be generally attractive.  There will be a factor on the face again, there may be something in it that the sign of Saturn is sitting or sitting with Saturn, there are exceptions but generally it works till 80 and even if Saturn is sitting there will still be an attraction.  It is seen that there is a physical attribute that is said in beauty like a fair complexion or body and whatever is your personality, height is big and all is said like this but sometimes what happens is that one does not have such complexion.  Even if it is there, the attraction is still there, so you will definitely get the attraction. If you have to see, if it goes to the third house, then you will be interested in the younger sibling or in things of communication or whatever things happen with the third house, maybe in the neighbor too.  You may feel in love with a boy next to you, you may also feel in love with a girl, this can happen, if Moon is in the fourth house inside the third house, then you will feel in your own house, your relationship with your mother may be good, the connection with your mother will be good. Ok  If you will enjoy peace, then it can be seen in this way, if you go to the fifth house, then you will be interested in children, you can also be interested in romance, you can also be interested in old knowledge, whatever is significant of the fifth house, you can do it, I am the fat one.  I am telling you that you will feel that the same thing will work in Moon in Leo. Also, if you had talked about the fourth house, then Moon in Cancer will also feel that you will be an emotional person. Moon in Gemini, Moon in the third house. Can interchange with Moon in second house, can do with Moon in Torus. Okay, now Moon in sixth house, so Moon in sixth, how about a little bit of that, that is, there is fun in fighting. You have seen many people who have fun without fighting.  If one does n't fight with someone then the bread is not digested. Sometimes this can happen. You will have to write in the identification with all the people. Moon in fifth house working beautifully, working but not.  Very beautiful, it's fine, it will work, see what happens, many a times, when people are told something bad, they don't agree. If you tell a good thing about someone, he agrees, but Moon in the sixth house is not necessary, it is not necessary to feel like fighting. Moon in Sixth South: It is possible that you may have more sub-servitor ba bhaav, this can also happen again by mixing and matching the sign which is the sign of the squares and their significant of the house. Look, think about it, I am also a good guruji type astrologer, I am telling you just like a mother feeds a child by mashing it, that is why I have kept simple astrology, I am not telling it by doing any other technique, ok mummy, sometimes I mash the potatoes. Sometimes she will make you banana and sometimes banana shake. If I am telling you like this then Moon in the sixth house can also make you feel like fighting. You can become a lawyer because a lawyer has to fight for money, he has to fight and a loan.  The work of taking is left, this can also be seen. Moon comes in the seventh house. Moon comes in the seventh house, that is, there is attraction towards the opposite sex. If Mercury joins here, then it is fun. In terms of quantity, it is okay for many people. What is Mercury? If there is a sign of Mercury in it, or if Mercury itself is sitting in it, then multiplication also happens. If the matter is a little fine, then the Moon has to be seen in the seventh house in such a way that it can be  If you are interested in your spouse, maybe he is your happiness. If you get happiness from there, Moon in 8th house gets debited housewise, but it means that the activities of 8th house are also of research and astrology, so it is possible.  Do you feel like there too, although there are many other activities, there may be confusion in that too or your mind may remain a little distracted, may even remain indifferent, but researchers have also seen here that something is happening at a subtle level.  go and find out  Those who are a little serious in nature, it has also been seen that if the Moon comes in the Ninth House, then the significator of the Ninth House is interested in being older than the father, right? Or is he interested in doing long journeys or is interested in higher education? Or if you are interested in religious matters, then it is seen in this way, Moon in Ninth House, moving forward to 10th House, if your Moon is in 10th House, then your mind is on work place.  Your attention has to be felt, you will talk more about the same things, you will be focused on work, what is happening in the office, normally in olden days, as they used to say, the moon house will work as a milkman, no, it will not work as a milkman, but your emotions are your work.  According to today, if you see and your tenth house is father's wealth, also because father is ninth and second from father, father's accumulated wealth can be assets and property wealth, then it is possible that your mind will remain there also.  Not in a negative, many times there are many children who look after their father's finances. Restructuring the father's assets will be an initiative. This is a little higher level thing that I am also telling about, where I have less to tell.  If it is happening, please go to a higher order and tell me because we can do that also, like, the house which is further away from the house, does it belong to him? For example, if father's 11th house will be father's younger brother or sister.  If there is Moon in the 11th house then now a days the relationships are no longer like that with uncle or aunt, so we will say that you will be interested in the larger friend circle. Moon in 11th house Moon in 11th house also benefits  If there is a house, then it will also be on top of the cash flow. The second house was of accumulated wealth, it was of assets, so that is the thing that has happened where there is wealth, there is attention, many people are like this, many I have seen women.  Those who are concerned about the assets, where the money is coming from, how much is coming, who is earning, how much will be earned, they are not concerned about both these things, we have to understand the second and 11th house, money confuses both of them with money and wealth. If 10th house is your liquid and cash flow then if Moon is in 11th then you will concentrate on those activities. It is okay to earn money and 11th house is also your larger network in life. Your network is larger with friends.  Many people say circle but I say this, who do you know, how big is the circle? So you have Moon in the 11th house, that is, it does it to many people, so Moon in it also comes a little in the 12th house.  A person can also become a little spiritual, if suppose he is suffering from some intoxication or is dependent on something, his Moon is afflicted or he is under the influence of any sinful planet etc. then if he  If the mind goes towards spirituality in the 12th house, then it will get peace because the mind is sitting in the 12th house, otherwise it will also spend money, now Venus is sitting with Venus, who is watching, so things will keep changing a little, so how will this one be?  It felt very simply, I told it very simply, I told it very simply that our mind is there, wherever the Moon is, our mind will be more there, that's all, so it is not that someone is sitting with the Moon in the ninth house. So he will never take care of his children, but where is he looking for more peace? Where is his mind? The mind is fickle, it goes here and there as well. You know, the one whose mind is focused on his passion, then he has his own photo.  You see, in general, he is happy about himself, he does n't need anyone else, I don't need anyone else, I love myself, it's okay, she is Gyana, have you seen that Katarna ji's moon is in the first house, so my heart is happy.  Everyone has to put in a little bit of space. It is not that if the Moon is in the second house, if you do not concentrate on your wife, she will get angry. Your mind will naturally attract people, where will yours automatically go, as it is said that it is not very much on its own.  There are people who keep intruding into the life of the younger sibling and wonder what is happening, this is what is happening, I am very much like him and his wife keeps thinking throughout his life that what is this, what is this, what is happening?  You might be sitting in the house with me, check the ground, someone keeps saying 'mummy, mummy', someone keeps talking about 'papa papa', someone focuses more on children, someone focuses on fighting, someone focuses on earning money, someone focuses on job, we change him.  Today I told you with such a simple thing, that's all, there is no need to change it, it will be something like this, just accept it and this is what you see in your horoscope of all the family members, test it on five horoscopes. It works beautifully. Now brother, why are you taking his mind away from where his mind is? Now see what he can do there, because the mind of the ninth house also means long journey, one can become a travel blogger, one can have interest in religion too.  It is possible to be significant in higher studies. If someone is interested in food, then he can become a food blogger. If he becomes a food-based chef, then if you listen to your passion then it will be very good. Partnership in Seth House.  It may not be necessary to be of the opposite sex. When people work in partnerships, there is also networking. Businesses are also run in that way. It is not necessary to tell anything negative in the house. Its researcher may be good, astrology is good.  Maybe psychologist may be good, dark domain is Ath house, you know it is dark, so many people go into dark things also, you know and there also people earn money, so this is how you have to understand, enjoy after learning astrology.  want and  You should feel strong, you should not feel scared, if you are feeling scared, then you are learning wrong. If he is a good teacher, then tell him that yes, we are scared, don't scare us. And even then, if Jyoti is scared then you are learning wrong.  If you feel scared, are you learning wrong or someone is teaching you wrong, this is a simple test, do n't be afraid because you can sit down with so much nectar, no one has come after drinking the nectar, everyone has gone, it is okay and that is the whole song, isn't it, the old happiness of your Kishore Da.  If you want to  Sadness is also an army, okay, sadness does not come to me, the army desires happiness, Guruji, do some work, I have to sing Kishore da's song, my name is Amit, okay, now many Amit Kumars are good singers, Amit, I am not but  Emotions are our right and we know the lyrics of the songs, we are fine, if nothing else, nowadays through techno ji, can you always forward a shot or video, brother, listen to this song, listen to this one, what is the desire of happiness?  So  It is okay to bear the pain, otherwise leave it, the mind is where our mind is, it is there, now what can we do with it, everyone is sitting with it somewhere or the other, there is no one whose moon is missing from the horoscope or is not in any house.  Or it is not in any zodiac sign, the flavor changes like it is potato, potato has its own nature but potato will taste different in peas, in gravy it will taste different with dry puri, they are prepared separately by adding them which are taken in the train.  are fine and in potato potha  If you get a different taste then it will be your change but the basic flavor of potato remains that it is potato, okay so it is thick like that, I taught you gradually, you will come to more videos, I was not trying this for many days.  I will do this. If you hit this one and like it and send it to your friend circle and the views will increase then my motivation will increase because I am the creator. Now you see, I have five channels brother, not just one, sometimes I get carried away in politics because  I don't know where is the mind of all people, don't you know where is your mind, if my moon is fine, then I will tell you sometime where is my mind, if it is fine, then like, share and check everyone's horoscope, your relatives, your wife, everyone nowadays.  It comes out in a flash as to which zodiac sign the person is sitting in. Check both of them. First check the Moon in the house and then consider that zodiac sign as the house. If someone's Moon sign is in Leo.  So the Moon in the fifth house will also work on it, it will do both the things, then the number written by the Moon is your zodiac sign, do not consider it as a house, I have already taught you that there are constants, those who do not even know this and are hearing this for the first time.  If you are looking forward like this, then brother, go and watch the old videos, watch them in the playlist or go there and you will find the videos that are uploaded, everything is explained in a simple way, so please celebrate, not celebrate. Circulate and like it more and leave a comment in the comment section. Then I will start telling you things in a very simple way. You will enjoy learning astrology. There is a lot of fun in learning astrology. You will learn astrology, won't you brothers and sisters? The troubles of your life will go away because you have learned astrology.  Jyoti, after learning how to make my eighth house active, there will be no problem now. It's something like I had to spend on medicines. Okay, so I bought the medicines.  Donated, the person who comes to the hospital after making rounds every month and donates medicines, to some needy person there, his trips to the hospital were also made and he also donated medicines, this is astrology, now he will say  No, you will have to go to the hospital, so friend, you yourself take the trip, it's okay, go around half a time and come back, it's okay, you have to spend on medicines too, you have to go to the hospital, so you have done this, now he says.  Does it really work? Try it, friend. Giving medicine to someone can't be a wrong thing. Okay, needy. It's okay, if any relative goes to the hospital, sometimes you should visit him and ask about his well-being. I am satisfied that yes, I am not worried about the hospital right now, otherwise I may have to go again. Otherwise, nobody wants to ever go to a hospital as a patient. Nobody, if I tell you, brother, so many handfuls of medicine.  There are two choices, donate it or eat it. Which of the two will you choose? If I eat, it means I will have to suffer some illness. It is okay and if I donate, it is good, it means someone in need got benefit, my expenses are over.  I lost the medicine but I didn't have to take it, so brother, this is astrology, it's as simple as that, understand it, it's okay and a good life is spent for the one who understood, now that happened, the same money was spent on the medicine, I had to go to the hospital, but now you  learning  Look friend, that's why this laughter that is coming is not an artificial laughter, it is genuine laughter, okay, it is genuine laughter, okay, friend, it actually does, only then I am trying to tell, many others will come, it is not scientific, this is from you.  I felt scared somewhere in the whole video, tell you this, people don't say this, understand it as the stories of grandparents, I liked it, there are folk stories too, there are folk songs too, okay do it, okay like, share. Share in the comment section Saral Jyotish whatsapp.in group, if you are not on any other group, I have many groups of different channels, if you are on any then you can get the details because I do crossover work also, but if you are listening for the first time and  If you ever want to come to my webinars or any of the many things we do for free, then you will get the information in it, you can join it passively, you will get to learn something, you will get it in the comment section.  Join it if you haven't yet and please share it on your family groups. Mother will also know where her mind is. Mother will know where father's mind is, then there will be love among each other and there will be no fights.  You will know where your wife's mind is, where is your mind, okay, those who have her in the seventh house, then you should have the mind, okay, you check and if you don't have the mind, then I am not much of an astrologer.  Want to teach but the mind will come out in you, it is okay and if you are sitting somewhere else then it will be visible there also, there is no need to be angry in it, people with Moon in the house, there is no need to be angry, the friend will remain busy in work and his mind is there, he will be at peace.  If you are getting the same then B part of that is ok so I hope you understand these things well, you go to many places, what do those people do, no one is teaching it so easily, so stay connected with the channel, if my I will give it very good  I will teach everyone a lot, ok thank you very much