Hello friends, this is a very important video, it will be a little funny, it will also be a little painful and it is also practical because these people have taught astrology because this is how I teach astrology, I will not call them astrology because this is not it, these people have made a big deal of astrology.  And I will tell you people so that you people do not go to the wrong place and get trapped in the work of defaming astrology and do not laugh at astrology because these are the cartoon characters who  Astrology is done and a lot of people are appearing in the podcast. They will make their beard black, they will apply gel veil, they will wear a few taka, they will wear a good rosary and they will talk with confidence. The way I look at them, I also teach astrology and many more.  I know it, but there is always an element in telling that there is a little element left, please check and tell, get the paper checked, this is with such confidence that brother, there is pain in the knees and there is no need for surgery, tit one.  Write the truth on one page and then see, it is so amazing what they do, these people mean crazy butch, the knee replacement surgery that is happening inside Medanta and the Gods have worn out all over the world, it is hurting.  It is so easy, do that system by titling. A brother says that the money will be waived off. Give me one kg of lentils. I work in real estate. I have a flat worth Rs. 3 crores and a loan of Rs. 4 crores.  Yes, take it and next time don't give it and go to the bank manager and tell him, I will not give, he will say, I will take the house, yours will say, how can I take the house, my loan has been paid, your loan has been paid, how will you say, lentil dal is good, one kg. Lentil group price, come, get all the property in your name, take loan under pressure, your loan will be forgiven, where did you learn this from, where and what are you teaching to whom, I am saying that whatever knowledge is a normal common sense [ __ ].  Ca n't remove the taste, those who promise big things, look at some small thing, say that bha masoor dal bha, you will get some sleep in the night, that means still the man thinks, come on, what stakes will there be in this, let's go and see.  So these loans are being waived off, they are telling in the scheme every day that if you do this then there will be rain of wealth, it is so easy to make the rain of wealth, why don't they make normal rain when there is so much pollution, if this is what is said in astrology. those who remain in it  You will get stomach ache after laughing so much at these things, I mean, I consider them as comedy, but what is the point of following people, now that something like this does n't happen, Bha Guru ji, so much has been done, how was something supposed to happen, meaning you do all this.  The mean man laughs in the thing was some old dirty joke that do you believe in ghosts, there was nothing like this, do n't tell me the content, but its punch line was that it means you believe in these things, weeding, maybe you guys have ever  must have seen Sango must have come in life to know what is evil eye, what is practical from practical, as is the Jajman, so is the astrology, as if he needs magic treatment, then only those magicians will be found for you, all such people will do magic to you, brother, change your name like this.  There is a rebellion against the person doing this, there is so much ruin among the phone number people, if this phone number is there, then it will lead to wealth, that is, and this phone number is like this, if there is eight in the number or something like that, then it will be a loss, oh one thing.  Tell  Friend, when there were no phones, there were no mobile numbers, then there was no harm and see for yourself, these astrologers are all sitting with these numbers, those who are going to eat anything themselves do not see anything of their own, they say that the correction of their name is not there.  Get it done, they have six websites of their own, youtube2, put something, hey, where are you, whom have you taken different catchment areas, change the name to become so good, meaning yes, it has tried, meaning the government has given the name of a city at one place.  tha gurgaon is ok  Then it was named Guru Gram that now there will be no problems, the problem is waste, changing the name will solve some of the city's problems, you will have to increase waste management, you will have to save from pollution, you will have to improve the infrastructure, change this name, there will be a lot of problems in Gurgaon.  If you were having problems then now it's no langar Gurgaon it's Guru Gram You are a Guru Grammar by changing the name or name you can get away on your own This can fool you for a while, if you believe in this planet, astrology, karma, God and all this, then you should also believe in it, I am saying that if you have so much faith in this, then are you so foolish that your  Due to their actions, they will become fools that if they do this then go to the hospital and then they will not get sick. The disease is being caused by your eating wrong. If you eat straight and wrong every day, then I want to tell you one thing about the remedies. Do these remedies work? ok these big ones  No, write triple two and write masoor. Any solution which tells you to change something is fine. Like you chant. You are fine. Someone asks you to recite a mantra. Someone asks you to do some physical activity like offering water to the Sun, doing Surya Namaskar, doing exercise.  Doing it like that, this off course works, but it will also work only for those who want to live a particular virtuous life, your thoughts are all very fine, your actions are all very bad, your eating habits are all ridiculous.  Now how much medicine can you take, you will not be cured, if the doctor tells you that brother, you have a bad throat and you gargle with hot water like this, it is okay, take this medicine, do it like this, then go and have ice cream.  If you are also eating then now everyone knows this thing that it is common sense that if the throat is sore then one should not eat ice cream but people do not have this common sense with the pain they are facing in life.  They are also eating its equivalent of ice cream and then they are doing all the activities and then they are saying that if it didn't work, then if it didn't work, then who is the idiot because what is there in astrology, either they will be given the maximum remedy which is maximum only those people.  They give a lot of work. Okay, it sounds like this, write this here, write that there, write that below this, write this, do this, do that, manifest it, do this, this is a lot of work.  Anyway, do whatever you want, it won't work, a few things will work, what I say is okay, a few things will work, for those too, if you are not living that routine and lifestyle, then brother, then that too.  That too did not work. What will be the result? Will all of them become 'Allam Ballam' that all is nonsense, all keep looting, which astrology has become infamous, then what is the right method for it? First of all, you should learn it yourself because when you learn astrology then you will understand the limitations and also astrology.  Will understand astrology also  Astrologer also has limitation, every knowledge has limitation, everything has limitation, many things change like I take the approach that brother life will throw surprise at you why do you want nothing to come your way why can't you use astrology knowledge clarity what  Ever to overcome two hurdles, why can't you do this brother, you will throw a bow to the ball, world bowler, is the world okay or will you hit a full toss?  Or spin will come, why can't I become a good batsman, why can't I keep my guards good, why can't I wear my helmet, then this is the excitement of life, isn't it? Now in Bring It On Bring It On astrology, the good ones are your mentors and Strategists are guides, strategists think that they are the ones who have strategy in life, that is why the fees for people like us are high because we do not have to earn money by doing all the work.  You are doing strategy to an intelligent person, I tell you, don't quote astrology to me, whatever I tell you will make you do strategic thinking and will try for better to change the life path of your life, because you are giving sugarcane every day.  You are getting juice and you want pomegranate juice. The only fee is to tell that brother, please don't do this. To get pomegranate juice, you have to add pomegranate but it sounds very natural.  I wonder what is this but many people are like this, they are not changing the action and they are repeating the action, thinking that this time the result will be different or not, every time they are putting the ball there, every time they are hitting a six, every time.  If you are hitting a six then no? You were not hitting it in the last match. The pitch was different. Brother, now the pitch has changed. Is it the batsman who has changed or the direction of the wind has changed? You will have to change the strategy, you will have to change the ball somewhere.  And you will have to bowl, they say round the arm and he comes from here, he spins over the wicket or something and says, left side, from here, the umpire is standing here, he will bowl from here, he will bowl from here, when many a times sixes would be hit here.  If there is a person then he says, let's try it from here, it is a simple thing but otherwise I will do it from here, I will put it like this and I get a different result, this does not happen but in many places, this is what I am talking about, examples, such simple methods.  I am teaching you all very well, you are understanding it very well, yes, it is obvious, but is it so obvious in real life, is it so obvious in relationships, you are doing the same things, the same thing is happening to you, you are just changing something.  If you are not doing it, then how will there be any change, then look at these people as entertainment and please name and shame them, you people are the audience, we cannot do this because we have fraternity and this  To say that I am very great or not, it becomes a little bit of that, although sometimes I do not hesitate in taking the names of some other people on my other channels because they are spreading mass stupidity, hence it is necessary to take their names and that too.  If there are two or four, then in taking names, here brother, it is 200-300, because the name of one or two has been taken, that of five has been taken, injustice will be done to the rest, they will say, Guru ji, why did you take our name, he is also doing that, so do it. Even I have not seen everyone, but those who talk like this is foolishness, this is foolishness, I am telling this, I myself say this, if you want to use the stories of the best i.e. grandparents, then be very clear that  Grandparents' stories will make you sleep, that's all. Whenever someone is using grandparents' stories, then by using grandparents' stories, it does not happen that you get a job or something great happens in your life, just at night.  I felt sleepy Brother, if the purpose is the same, but the work that this person is doing, these are not even the stories of grandparents, I do n't know what these beautiful stories are, what are their stories, post them here, do it like this, catch it.  Well, it will happen that the blessings of money will come on these zodiac signs, right now the zodiac signs don't know that these are the mind signs, the ascendant signs, the moon sign and meaning the sun sign, many people say to themselves that I was born on 5th January, so I am a Capricorn.  I am, but this is your sun, then which one is that one? What happens in the moon? Yes, what is this? Wherever it suits everyone, we put ourselves there. Brother, the lottery will open for Aquarius people, so now you are an Aquarius sun.  That is, whether it is Aquarius or Moon or you are sitting with passion, then anyway there is a chance of 25. There are many sets in three out of 12. If you are just feeling bad, then it is not bad. Now it depends on your psychology. If you like the ship, brother, learn it first.  Sometimes someone consumes so much of something without learning it, then if you want to learn something then you can write about it in the comment section and in the comment section you will find a group of astrology if you are not connected to that.  My already, now we keep doing something or the other beyond that so that we can learn things, when you learn then neither will you feel fear nor will you become a laughing stock and you will seriously improve your life and help those around you.  You will improve your life. If every person learns a little astrology, he can genuinely improve the life of 10 to 15 people near him and if 1 crore people learn astrology, then the life of 15 crore people can get better. Basically, people like me.  Do I teach you or should you learn? The yearning of your life is not a useless yearning, reduce it. Come and learn astrology. Learn it in winter and when that yearning subsides, you start getting relief. Light your fire.  If you are sitting on fire, it is cold, if it is outside then it is fun to learn. If you have a rocket built in your back side, if you are going up, it becomes a big problem. You should not be sitting on fire. You should be close to fire.  If it is cold, it is okay, then I teach you the same thing. The milk is boiling on the milk gas, so the maid has kept it on high speed and as soon as she turned back and placed the spoon, it was out of doubt. Had this sim been there in a second, there would have been no tension. multitasking  If you don't do it, then those who are easily influencing your real life, like me, are doing it positively, there is great one on one feedback, that is why I am telling you this, brother, whoever tells you to change suddenly, astrology should do this.  Do all these mean formulas, do it like that, do it like that, my friend, if it was done then all the professions were over and the best thing was that I thought, book three flats in Na Kilo Masoor Dal in Gurgaon on loan because the loan is waived off.  The loan is over, you will not have any problem, the loan will be over in a month, the bank will say, oh brother, you have done it, why didn't you tell me earlier, make a video, put the photo, put it in running water, your loan will be waived, amazing, amazing.  No one comes to them and asks them, 'How do you do it like this? You mean, you are getting four flats for four kilos. Come on, Ninja Technique is the way to get real estate and real estate is amazing. Don't make fun of them and do this otherwise.  These will continue to spread and spread like this, such big podcasts go to such big and popular ones with 20-25 lakh subscribers, what else can you push, it will happen like this again, it will happen like this, don't speak with so much confidence, friend, whatever you mean, at least keep it to a minimum, yes.  Try doing it too, by doing it like this, now you see, friend, this little person has knowledge, I am not denying, does n't he have no knowledge, but what is the problem, little one?  Knowledge is there and little knowledge is always dangerous. Sitting somewhere, attending something small or big, then this is Rahu, it is okay in the form of astrology, unguided missiles will go anywhere, Chinese goods will go anywhere, if not till the evening, then till the moon, then it is okay not to go.  So if it goes further till the evening then till evening anything means depending on which thing, so friend this is not a coincidence, don't get into the trap of such probability, yes it will happen, you too can do anything.  Do it because no matter what you do, there will be a possibility of something going right. You can always get away. Any yes or no thing has a 50% chance of getting it right. So, customer, wake up, learn the light yourself, it is important to learn yourself.  Life changes, it will take a little effort, it will cost a little money, but you will learn things, then you will learn, either you know it or you don't, it's a simple thing, so I hope you liked this video, share it is a request, subscribe one Increase your subscribers. My request is to all of you to increase one subscriber each so that we can move towards 50000. My next milestone is 50000. As soon as we hit 50000, a little bundle of knowledge will open and if we move further, the bundle of knowledge will open slowly.  Slowly, those of you who are watching this video for the first time on my channel, go to the playlist and whatever old videos you see, things are explained very simply. 12 Even if a 12 year old child listens and he does not understand then you should tell him because if you cannot explain the thing to a 12 year old child then you are not an expert. Explain that thing in such a simple manner.  Do n't try to impress him by giving him all the memos, it will happen like this to someone, then it is ok, which one Ayansh do you use, which software, then this is the technique, do you know D60, you can do with D1 only.  Opinion has not reached till t60, no one is sitting here taking two minutes of time, they are busy trying to impress, those who say that astrology can be taught to everyone at the age of 80, no one is interested in teaching it, everyone talks about 97 to 100.  Brother, no one has learned how to impress and 80 how to be a normal person. Brother, a very good job can be done with 80. By doing this 100 by 100, no one is sitting together.  I am fighting after one stage, the moment or knowledge of 90's, then every buddy starts calling each other, after doing this, take your peace till 80's first and then enjoy further, ok please share, like and if subscriber info  There is a group on the comment section of webinars, you will find it, definitely join it, thank you very much.