Hello friends, simple astrology is a very lovely topic. This is the way I am approaching astrology in a simple and touching way. Very good feedback is coming in. The subscribers of the channel may be less now but I feel that it will increase in the future.  It is necessary and I request you all from the beginning, if you are watching this video in A-forward mode, then please subscribe because I tell things in a different way here and those who have subscribed, brother, two. Add subscribers, you will get a lot of motivation to bring such videos quickly, so let's start the topic is food, food is fine, we will link happiness and astrology and if there is any trouble in your life because of this, then maybe it will reduce then food is good.  Let's talk a lot about the combinations in the horoscope, two or three, I will tell you, check yourself that whenever that person eats, there will be trouble, you should also check, I will tell, two, three, I will tell, there are many more and if you have experience.  By doing this, the woman will struggle, but before telling about that commotion, let me tell you one thing in general, when the husband eats food, if the wife struggles, then 10 years of her life is reduced, it is reduced by 10 years. Now how will this be known because two You can't do it twice, you have two salty husbands, one has troubles and the other doesn't, one lived more and the other lived less, this can't happen, there is only one husband, everyone is fine and there is no  Alternative Story: Either you do it or you don't do it. Okay, so what do women normally do? They remain busy during the day, something happens to them, mother-in-law said something, children said something, her own desires, husband's 10 demands, there were programs, so the rules were  According to this, the husband should be spared 10 minutes before eating and 10 minutes after eating. If he eats for 10 minutes and eats for 10, 12, 15 minutes, then this is half an hour.  You can easily give it to all the women, I am telling all the husbands to forward it and the wives also listen a lot and do all this astrology etc. So please note down yours somewhere. What is normal when the wife screams and does something? The husband runs away.  When he goes, his wife thinks that he is eating, where will he run now? You did this today, you did this, this becomes poison. Those who have Scorpio Ascendant, check, this is happening with you only, those who have Scorpio Moon, check. Do it, it is happening to you and if this is happening to you or if you are in trouble then trouble will remain, check whether Moon is Moon in 8th house, Moon in Scorpio or Ascendant Scorpio Rising, so this is what I told you and also  There is a lot of communication, Saturn is sitting inside your second house, food is getting cold, your Moon is sitting in the sixth house or in Vargo sign, check all of you, tell me whose is which.  If your Moon is in the sixth house or is in the sixth sign, then you do not get the food you want, are you sitting with a lot of money, will you go to a hotel or what food will these people not be able to enjoy according to them.  It will not be cooked or the person making it will cause trouble. That is the experience of food, they will be deprived of it and nothing will happen. So you are wanting someone to sit and eat food with me and talk to me nicely about that experience. be deprived  You will go and they will be eating food, this is also seen a lot because sometimes you want to talk to someone while eating, have a nice talk, this is the desire of every human being, not of these people, it is the desire of every human being to have a complete house. That house is heaven, being rich is not money, that's why it is said that money cannot buy happiness, because people do not know these things, people have no idea about these small things, food should be the top most thing in  Anybody  Life, you are your boss in the office, tell him your troubles brother, because what is theirs, what I told you are combi combos, their boss will not let you live, a message will come from the office, a call will come, you will have to make a ritual for eating food that is exactly the same as you have ever seen.  By the way, some people eat water while sitting, some with sticks, some can't do it now, then increase the importance of food so much and tell the world that your food causes digestive ulcers and you do n't know what is true and false. Tell them that it is very important for you.  It is important to eat food in moderation, otherwise people will not even let you eat. Youngsters are compromising so much that they leave within a minute of eating. If someone gets angry, they leave. Hey, this whole game of money is happening just for the sake of eating.  God's nature has not created us to do this coding, it is just that eat, take care of your body, reproduce and if life continues then there is bread, clothes and house. First of all, there is food, then there is clothes, then there is house, then there are people, then there is car. Coding.  Ghoomi Ghoomi Investment there, here, here, this is your roti, it is not set, no, you do not get the roti, but are you getting happiness in the roti, are you getting happiness in the roti? So brother, different, okay, these are the combos that I have mentioned, which one half of the family has.  We will meet because what is there in the family, brother, there are four people, husband, wife, two children, someone will get something, then everyone has issues, so now if you cannot go and check them, then you have to take care of them as a remedy. That I don't have to do this thing anymore, I don't have to do this mess, it's a tradition in my house, brother, come on, I have to calm down, I have to calm down at that time, it is your husband, where will he go to escape, okay then?  It is not the case that husbands also do something, but what is normal is that wives do more, which has been seen in practice. Because wives do more, I have 90 but the blame is on the wives, the blame is on the women, they do not have to eat. You have made it only after working hard, why are you making it poison by causing trouble and if your mood is not so good then don't cook food, Sugi Jumato will do it, we will cook the food ourselves. If you cannot feed it with love, then there is no need to cook it.  If you can't keep the environment right during messages and meal time, then all your job promotion, sexiness and everything has gone to waste. I have seen in Marwar that big families, whether rich or not, are very big on food.  I have seen in business families, I have gone for Vaastu, I have gone for consultation, for everything. When I have gone, I have seen this thing, treat it very much. In a house where there will be so many maids, so many cooks, everyone will be there, even then the women of the house will be minimum.  She will make one or two items a day for her family, this is also a big thing because no matter how big the family is, a woman will make something and I am not saying this here by making it sexist and feminist and if a man also wants to make then here  The man of the house should make one thing and if nothing else, drink tea of ​​his wife's own hands, this is also a very big one, these are the issues of the moon, these are the issues of the mind, these are the issues of happiness, which is directly connected to your happiness, which is the moon.  Moon is there, it is the factor of your mind, it is the factor of food, it is the factor of your happiness, it is the factor of your mother, treat the food with such intensity, your fourth house, your happiness house, your peace, your mind will keep everything good, three times meals.  have a plan  They look forward for them and not just like that, I ate anything while walking, I saw people take pride, I take five minutes to eat, then which one does great work, then which one, because of your work, India and China are left behind.  He will leave in 5 years, in 2 years he has become tired, will you be great, will your organization be great, will you be great, hey, the man who cannot spare 20 minutes to eat one meal at a time, has to eat food in vain.  You should have papad, some salad, some pickle, some raita, some roti, some balanced mille, I am saying roughage, some buttermilk, some jaggery. Are you taking interest in the items I told you? It is very easy but the effort is missing. It seems that what is missing is the roti.  Eat like this, eat cold, it's okay, you didn't pay attention, when you don't pay attention, then in old age you have to pay a lot of attention, then teeth and intestines are no longer like that, then life comes out in frustration, not like that in youth.  Got the pleasure of eating. In old age, food is not being eaten in the same way because you have made your body like this. The biggest success is that even at the age of 80 or 85, you can eat as per your wish, you can digest it, even if not much, if only a little, then it is the biggest.  Take care, share this thing, like this video and subscribe to the channel, you can also take membership of the channel, you will get astrology group egramswaraj.gov.in, you will get many recordings of very good things.  I do n't want to do any advertising, just watch the videos like this, there are many videos, you will get to learn a lot, try it once for one and a half month, you will enjoy it, after that you also get some discounts etc. There are some courses etc. Astrology  On a different level, on a professional level, you want to learn other wise, who is enjoying at this level, then keep enjoying, these are natural practical things, don't spoil your  If the moon is affecting your food, then the moon is spoiled. There is no need to ask anyone whether my moon is bad or not. There is no need to ask like this, it is visible that your man cannot eat food comfortably and This unfortunately seems like a trend to me, the boss himself is bad, he is complaining about all the employees, the wife will complain about him going to the house and in the morning he complained about the breakfast, the wife came to him. Every person in the office sows poison, they are saying, what is there in positivity, whatever is there in positivity, it is like plowing with poison, it means it should not be planted, we have to stop it and this is a big issue.  People say no no food should not be an issue no food should be the biggest issue in every family and I have seen it in successful rich happy families that way  Food is treated. The approach to food is treated. Where will the vegetables come from, who will cut them, what will be the hygiene, how will the kitchen be? This is a process. It went to some stage and because of feminism, because women were in charge, it was made a very trivial thing that what is any food?  So anyone can do it, but people are not happy, you have achieved a great post, you have gone to many places, then what have you uprooted, you still don't eat the food properly, you don't eat what you feel like eating.  If the food does not satisfy you like this, then that means your process is something, the way you are eating is the way you are eating, so if you want clarity on that too, then I will make such videos in future videos.  If you want then please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.