Hello friends, the video on whom should I marry on my another channel was very good, now I will tell you astrologically how you should find your life partner, okay people do a lot of horoscope matching and all this but I will tell you in a slightly different way.  If you enjoyed then tell me that you enjoyed it because this Sango is simple astrology. I am giving you the fun of practical astrology in an easy way. Let's start here, what do normal people do, be it a boy or a girl, in your mind. social  According to the status, according to their desires or whatever the reasoning may be, they make a dream that my boy, my girl will be like this whom I will marry or the boy whom I will marry will be like this and they keep searching for them in life, although perhaps they do not find them.  Or marriages are not possible with them or they are not able to understand and there is a lot of confusion and then they meet someone and come to get their horoscope matched, brother, how is this and there is only confirmation in it, basically they have to get it done.  Is there any Pandit, any red flag, Pandit ji, by the way, I got an astrologer, it is not necessary that every astrologer is a Pandit ji, then you will go to an astrologer, the astrologer will raise some red flags, saying some things, some they do n't want to hear because you want to marry them, so the confirmation is somewhere in the mouse.  If you go then you will say, sir, I have 18 gunas, 20 gunas is also fine, 28 gunas is fine, and people are a loose man, no marriage even in 32 gunas.  It works and all that is also fine, that is fine but I want you to approach me as per my opinion, it will be very beneficial, how about you go to a good store, I also consider myself good and show me your horoscope and your Make a sketch of a character from the horoscope. The same person of your future spouse is the best for you. Like they don't say character sketch like the one we have seen, the policemen make it like we see in movies or web series.  Hand They had seen what kind of nose she has, how it is, no, no, it was not like that, well, it is like this, so this sketch is like that of the girl who is opposite to you, you have to understand that whatever your passion is, it is different from her. Opposite is Lagan, it will complete you and it is a little different. Look at any Lagan, if your zodiac sign is Cancer then the sign of it is 4, its opposite will be 10. Now 10 is Capricorn, it is the sign of Saturn, so where is Moon.  And where Saturn will be a little bit, then you have to see that it is of 10, so now I am telling it only from the zodiac sign, the flavor of the planet also seems that it will be a little Saturn based, it will be hardworking, it will be hard working, it may be stocky, it is possible that your  It may not be very fair as per the calculations or are you understanding that now which zodiac sign is it, which are the planets, which are your planets, but the fact is that a very good character sketch can be drawn that yes, this is someone's Father-in-law, her father will come from such a family which will be a government type element, that is, there will not be much money but respect and society, he will have a middle class type job, the girl will not be very tall but may be like this, she or her association will be someone with education.  The environment will be there whether it is the daughter of the professor or her father or the environment of the student. See, every one of us has the same environment. Like if any person comes from a business family then there is a different environment. If a person comes from a government service, he has a different environment. If someone comes from a teaching or education system, he has a different environment. If someone comes from a farmer's family, he has a different environment. Just like your spouse is different from the environment.  That environment comes, by the way, it will be very big on that, from which region will it come from the Dutch state, will it come from below, will come from above, come on, if you are from Delhi, no, yours is from far away from below.  If you feel like it then you start mentally searching for something like that, then what happens is that you make a character sketch, you write seven or eight points in it in broad strokes, as soon as you see someone in real life where you can talk about it, then see, brother, this is your For the best, if for you it is written that you are a little round and fat husband and happy go lucky, then for him, six pack abs and that jaw line is very like that and the hair is flying like this, find the item with that type because it is the same.  Only your beloved will keep you happy, right? Or is there a girl whose standards of beauty are normally conventional? Because look, there is a lot of English proverb, I completely believe that beauty lies in the eyes of the bearer, right? Beauty happens according to who is looking and with what eyes. It is okay, but if you get a little idea then you will become a little realistic. Marriages happen only when you become realistic.  Yes or if you say it in Hindi then the tantrums are reduced, many boys and girls are roaming around with tantrums, that's it, you are roaming around with a salary of Rs 40000, the one with Rs 2.5 lakhs, the ones with Rs 2.5 lakhs are already booked when they are 1.25  When they were paying lakhs, that east facing park facing plot was already taken, now it is two and a half rupees, that means you have to demolish their house and book it again, that is, do you want to buy it for resale, okay, I will talk a little like this.  I use it a little, this is only for comedy, people should not take it a little seriously, sometimes you can make jokes even in astrology channel, okay, so it has to be seen that you have to be realistic, with a salary of Rs 40,000. Why can't a girl marry a boy with Rs 600? Is it a compulsion that I will give you Rs 5 or Rs 10? He will not value you, he will say leave my salary of Rs 2 lakh.  I will not give you Rs 40,000. The one with Rs 60,000 will respect your Rs 40 very much because both are not in the tax lab. The one with Rs 2 lakh is in the tax lab. The one with Rs 60 and Rs 40 will not pay even a single tax. Both of them will save tax.  You have to understand again that who knows if he is a stable boy, then you will know that I will marry this spouse, it is your character sketch that will emerge in his life.  The spouse will be a wanderer, that is, he will not stay at one place, his job will take him from here to there, then you start getting hints that perhaps he is not in a government job, he is not somewhere like this, so can you do a little of that with him?  Let's tailor-mate your search and reduce its bandwidth to a small extent. When you do this, marriages take place only when you have kept it complete. Well, girls have a lot of choice, the girl is an engineer.  From  From doctor to businessman to young to old to rich, it can be done by anyone. Boys' choices are limited because if a boy does something in a particular way, then he will get some system only in a particular way, but girls have  Open yourself completely, that bandwidth has been fully opened. Okay, so let's go to the character sketch for a little help. This is called a pen picture. Apart from the character sketch, there is also a pen picture that what kind of person will be, how will the family be, about the mother-in-law.  In  If you can know about your father-in-law, then a pain picture of the family can also be made. How will you have a relationship with your brother-in-law and what is your sister-in- law called? Whatever second masculine or feminine gender you use with your brother-in-law.  You will know how the calculation will be done, then when you will match in that real life, you will see a little template, it is the same again, now there may be some mistake in it, some small thing, some work is not perfect, it is not done everywhere.  You have to accept that yes this is my destiny and or I have found my match and only that person will complete you. It may be that your nature is a little serious type and if you find a flirtatious husband or a flirtatious wife because only then will you be complete.  If these two boring people collide and that too, if you give birth to very boring children then you will definitely get a little bit of opposition because if you look at any of the houses, they are always there.  Opposite is always there, whenever it remains like this, it is a good trick, good video, it works well, that is, very good knowledge given, Brahm, this is the video of Abhijeet's time, okay, it will work well for marriage, anyone, you see, there will be opposite, like the zodiac sign is Leo.  If the opposite of Sin is Aquarius, then Saturn's zodiac sign is opposite to Sun, then you know how it is with Saturn, so you have to get some opposition, only that will complete you.  So don't run away, there is no fun even doing it on your own. You won't get the feeling of complete happiness. Don't run away from fight, argument and don't find perfect perfection. Then you won't taste it. You won't enjoy it. A little bit is needed, so I hope this gave you a little idea.  Details on this, we will have to do a workshop sometime, we will plan that too, in the comment section. If you want to join a simple astrology webinar group, then join, thank you very much.  mach h