Hello friends, welcome to money mind-set series video number 13. In the last video we talked about selection of nails, today is about getting the right mind set, I have not seen that video, I will write the next one, you must watch it. Have not subscribed the channel. Till now you are watching such forward, please subscribe and like the video, I used to forget to say all these things even in the videos, so today's topic is 'Getting the right mindset' till the mind-set.  There will be no ride on wealth and infections, till then you cannot attract. Many books have been written by the British on this. I tell you exactly what works in India, so my knowledge is not cut copy paste from anywhere. If you feel it then comment.  You can put it in the section, according to me, it is completely from my side and I try to give the original thought process in it. I am the mike in India, no one has come within a day or two regarding money, the children of today.  She was born in 1919 and is struggling in job. Her parents are struggling with money. Her parents were born in 19167, so what are the issues in that production factory? They have gone ahead and I am here.  I will tell you where the thinking process was called, what was wrong in the country, then this is our Hindi movie, this is a big myth, I will tell it as an example, if you guys agree then write. Agree with examples in the comment section. A very big dialogue, Hop Ko Fun, used to be repeated. First of all, bread is the most requested dialogue, then picking up the movies dialogue, I am going to be the mother of your child, she is the most date of birth second dialogue, she did the clothes.  First of all, the first one will attack and the second one will grease the second one. First thing, was it a second or not? Tell me whether I was a son, your father has earned money, but I have earned a lot of respect.  Mother used to say that it is earning, he used to say this himself and that was set up in the first scene of Masterji and at that time also the hero was understanding that this respect is earning so he is eating that means fasts and festivals.  Those movies used to be made and this was the dialogue, so this dialogue told people that brother, earning money is different and earning money at this time is different, see not be combined together, then it will help you in living a loser life.  The chapter gives an exit that respect cannot be earned by earning money. This was a great thought. What compulsions would there not be at that time? The presence of our country was poor and it was not immediately there, hence it would have been necessary to spread this kind of story to the entire public by keeping it unheard.  It was because otherwise brother, people will be in trouble but today it is not so in 2021, but even today people talk too much about respect, in this world it is not a worthy thing, many people are their  In 1617, when he dies, how many people will come who are working for him, that moment he never died, so he is not there, but others will also see, 500 people came, 400 people came, so many people came, if India thinks like this then it will work also.  There will be no progress, decision stores will not come, GDP growth will not be so much, so this was one, the other was what was the villain in every Hindi movie, it always means rich men, whatever meeting will happen, the range of the store is fine.  So one, you must have seen this stereotyping, always the third thing which would be that he would be the most real stupid man, his whole belief system, thought process, his songs, everything about him, the meaning of life is a journey, Suhana, here, what is there tomorrow, who knows and lagle ugle ugle ugle.  If you do then it feels good to hear but people united him with a wounded heart. The film star flew high by showing poverty questions and he was the son of a son, he always had a poor mother.  The temple above is of Nirupama Roy, whenever it comes, 'Ok son, you have come to eat bread', there is a romanticized scene somewhere in it, poverty has been romanticized, why am I not the gas of the poor, why are the poor so friends of poverty, how many people have made poverty a politician?  From the film industry to our literature writers, book writers and teachers and how much we have romanticized, now the India of 2017 has to leave this mind-set and within our periods.  The next thing that Krishna is taking is the things and the radiation and the energy that is coming, that is what is coming, so I am teaching this to the new generation too that if your parents are lying after seeing these pictures, then they are completely to blame.  If you don't vote then I am telling you that example, you have to Google it, then not a little, a little, older movies don't come, then come to this one in the movie, this was Shahrukh Khan's song, Har Pal Yahan Is Fal Jio Karke, Kal Ho Na Ho Karke, this  nor to the fastest  It just promotes nothing, that's why the hips are steadfast, I read the market from the back foot, so I know it, tell it in everything, tomorrow may or may not happen, tomorrow may or may not happen, meaning hello sir, if it was of today, then it promotes consumerism so that things  What do you say a lot, how should I tell you the map? Come on, there is an English proverb, it is a long one, so I will stop by saying that maybe you should collect my pet script, you don't know it. Aa aa week by things.  Which We Do Not Need A Key From Companies Which We Do Not Have To Impress People Who Don't Care In This Address By Money Plant From A Job Which Will Look Like A Key Its Hindi Is That We Buy Things From Which I Don't Actually Need  From Money I don't have it Answer Mood I don't have money I have given it in advance From the future I have given it So I don't have money We have given it in advance Whom to impress?  If he is interested in this then it will be reddy, what should I do with your clothes? Login, these days I am not impressed by anyone and all this job, what is happening to you from there, when you are not feeling confident in the job, then it is up to you to see.  One more thing, I will tell people today, if we discuss about Kharif crop updates, investment, anything, women, a friend will always come, it can be you too, you can do this, you have to write in the comment section, enjoy it, add it to this.  Add it to the phone, he wants to do community health, he wants you people to do it like this, but what is the definition of that country to enjoy? Do your grinding mill for fifty-sixty hours in a week, and sit with a friend or someone on Friday and Saturday night. Some kumar people after smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol will eat like this or make them spend the whole year like this, instead of doing bungee jumping, Saif Ali will go to the mountains for four days for test cricket and if anyone wants to add too much then You all must have seen the movie Baahubali 2 Baahubali 1, there is a scene in it, Baahubali Jo Extra Apna Apna in it, when all of them are running away, while doing death, he stops and then Olive gives a motivation speech, what is death?  Half of the people wrote in the comment section, 'What is death and some tourism? If I had come then I would have wanted a full moon today, what is AA, what is AA, you are the only one till someone else decides that in life. What to do, when to do, you cannot present how much to do till then, it can also be that you decide what you want to do with your text, that when there is a smile on the face, people are relaxed, even if  There should be peace even if you don't do it, there should be peace even if you don't do it, you should be happy even if you do n't do it, both of you should be happy, you are one and staying here is the real address when there is no such yearning to go anywhere.  When you do n't go anywhere to find happiness, you are happy, now you are going to eat, if you are happy, then you are watching something, then it is real, this purse never comes in the form of a servant, then what does it mean, people of pride talk about leaving the job and looking for a job.  Give me a seat to luxuriate job job is a man 10 15 20 years of life you have to go through certificate unit neither from 2224 you nor husband and wife do dirty that we come  Create your base but if today you are thinking that I will work for a year then you should understand that you cannot be happy and second thing you should understand that whoever is thinking of working for 60 years will remain poor for.  Teachers after age 3548 and after sharing 10 to 15 also this fruit is a call to do something else and preparation has to be done for that so that you work with a tier sixty  For 15 years, I thought that this will be my side, this will be mine, my money will remain with you, fashion updates will not go, many people are going to drown me and are asking that I am going to retire, I have retired, how can I not update my pension.  You can't do it, sorry, thank you, you had to think first, you had to prepare, there are many syllabus to tell the children, so you are 6065 70 years old, if you have wasted the time of your life, you have got a government job.  F 2 Samosas Tea Chatted because it was increasing Salary is increasing but the weather is happening Something is happening on its own and we are helpless And now tell me if the allocation will go along then it will not come You have to work hard to inculcate values ​​and Guru within yourself  The element has to be awakened and then it automatically starts understanding. When you have Jupiter element in you, Guru element increases, you automatically start understanding what to do and the children should take that right now.  Quickly tell me in this video in thirteenth, what to do, you have understood it is good, what is done on the video, then I will tell all these people who have the right to say this, listen, if it takes 15 years from nursery to 12th, then I will do three-four.  Year you did college, at the age of 22, 23, 24, the child, these days in India, does not understand what to do, even if it is labeled as IT, he will still understand that everyone nearby will ask for a job, whatever he wants.  Do a job of Rs. 25000, this asthma disease and this, right now I am calling a little fall and saying that the meeting is going to end in mojito activate and also in sorrow, otherwise write in the comment section, what to do next, how to help those people.  To whom you worshiped so much, your parents spent lakhs of rupees in tuition fees and what is it that they take a year's administrative spread, bullying saree with them, then Holi ask them that also you then  If you tell us what to do, I will tell you, it is a journey, money, mind-set, stay in the series, interesting topics will come, exams will come, what can we do, we have to tell the template, it is our duty, which will work now, will not work after three years, we are in the most uncertain.  Times What should be your thought process, it can be prepared, you have to clear the exam for that thought process, if it is not lacking then we will tell you how and the child today.  It is beautiful on the day of 205 23 24 25 years of age, take the work for the next 5055 years till your 70 80 years because the life expectancy is going to be like that, so what you have been told by rote is that brother, this is a job, this is  Girl, free home and let's move in this manner, now there has been a lot of change in it and who sleeps, how should we move, what will happen, stay connected if you like the video, like and share. And start changing the mindset, write the exam and change that in the next videos, you guys will see the hang tablet, loop research, this is the best of the stars, you have to use it as per your convenience, you can do it, thank you very much.