Hello friends, this is the next video in my series of how to study. It will definitely be a little longer but if you want to become a consultant then you will have to give so much time. Earlier I have posted excellent videos on how conversational issues are and how we can solve them.  If you want to do it right, then my idea is to make your subscribers consultants. If you want consultant material on fast track and in real time, then you can take platinum membership and join me. I also took a lot of videos on it, he got different types of deals, okay, and the money from U Bill C, yes, now I have to pay for these things, it is okay in India, and I get good money, okay, I make a living out of it.  IT is okay, so I am not saying that you will become a consultant of such level on the very first day, but you can be of any level and that level will be billed on YouTube and give IT is a matter of time. Okay, so today we will start.  let's do that  Study of Tu Brothers Property and D Parents is fine and their life story and journey is good. Even if you do not want to become a consultant, you will get to learn a lot from it. It is not that the consultant said, I don't know what he will teach, you will not get any GK pick.  I will easily tell you how to study, it is possible that this is happening in your life or you have seen this happening around you or people are facing such problems, then you will identify the real content YouTube.  There are very few things in life that you can think like this, I am sitting and talking with you in the drawing room, let's start this consultation, this is the story of two brothers, Ramesh Suresh, consider it imaginary, okay, Ramesh, elder brother, Suresh, younger brother, okay? Ramesh is elder, Suresh is younger, parents live in a city, I will tell you the name of the city later. Okay, so parents live in a city, father. Come, government type, municipal corporation type, something like that, semi government type. In such an institution, they do less work, it is okay that they stay at one place and they have a house, now both the children have grown up, the younger one is doing his own thing, the elder one was not that intelligent in studies, the elder one was a little hard-working and good, the elder one has lost his government job.  She became an officer, what we call a Group A officer, and she had a transfer job in India, so she left, okay, now she had the same house, she was the first child in the house, she gave some money, okay, then she got the son married.  Gai was the younger one, he kept doing something, studying here, studying there.  He was a little fickle, okay, and no one got settled like that, sometimes he did something less, sometimes he did something, sometimes he got a job, sometimes this profile of his worked, okay, he will also get married, the elder one will also get married, the family will keep moving forward, okay then.  The problem that came at the present time was that they consulted me after many years, the problem is that now the elder one is not getting the property and father is gone, many years have passed, now let's forward 30 years, that means the consultation. take me  He himself is now 50 years old, okay, his younger brother is 48 years old, okay and his mother is now 7273 years old, okay this is the situation, if the story is out this year, then now he is of  Don't ask about me, he is the younger one, the younger one does n't do anything much and he has not done anything like this, he is with the parents, he is a respite, all the time he has been there, I have been doing my own thing outside, so I am only that much, now he  Their  They have become close, now her child is more close, my mother is not close in our place and now you all will think that it is okay if it is like this, then which city is it because the game is of property only, if this is the thing, rest, Munger, some other district.  Where the property is not very expensive, although it is still expensive, but if the property is small in a village and the officer has become very big in life and has a salary, then it will be fine. This officer has imposed tax. one of our own in Gurgaon  Have also taken a flat, now you are 10 years away from their retirement, I will tell them about their children and their children as well, how the study will go on very well, there will be a lot of personal learning, there is going to be no magic like this, there is no magic inside it, now you will see this.  The situation came to me, he is fine, so now he has gone through a lot of trouble, so now he is asking how can I do it, meaning he will have to talk to me about his property, now the property is in Delhi, it is fine and he is from Delhi.  Had father ever taken the property many years ago? Because I am telling you, he will be 50 years old, so this means 7271 is 727, so it means that father has taken that property since he was 70, now those properties are 160 180.  It is a thing of yards, it is not a big thing, it means a big thing, it means 160, 180, there are many judges and the rate, you know what it is, so it means thick, thick and There is a program up to Rs. 89000, the rate of the plot itself is Rs. 5-6 lakhs, so as per law, it should be Rs. And the one who was an innocent child, who lived with his parents all the time, whose salary was always one-fourth or 20% of his elder brother's, but he lived with his parents and his father also had some arrogance.  If you used to get rent for things, you used to get runs, so the expenses were covered. Brother, what is note giving and giving? It is in the name of mother. I told him how can he do it? It was father's property, he gave it to his wife. If wife is mother, then someone is ancestral.  The property should be your mother's. Mother will give it to whoever wants it. She said, why not give it to me? I also said, tell me one thing. You called your parents, you used to roam around in your hut, you used to say no, but they did not come, I said.  Why won't he come as soon as he comes, if he will lag behind because you have to understand this relationship, when he goes away for 30 years, what consultations did I give him, what things did I say to him, I will tell you and you will identify with it a lot, this situation will be this thing, Supreme Court.  I am also not resolved, Shakti, there is nothing wrong in this and I came to know what is happening, then I started business in Delhi and all these things are such mental models, they all took place and a lot of things happened in it but you  Look at the conversation that I am having with them, I have ever fast forwarded you 30 years, let's talk about 30 years, right? 4:30 I said, today, your own children are 25 and 23 years old, okay, so I  They used to say that the wife belonged to the caste, so they did not go much because it was a house of 160 yards and it was built on one platform below, it was built on the top, it was India, so they felt it was tight because this is an official book, they live in big houses. They had attack toilet, western toilet with complete room and those facilities and all that, so they thought it was trivial to go to the grandparents. I told all this and he did a knowledge because I know very well, it is a relief, isn't it?  What kind of system did I say, this is how it happened, how many rotis did your wife make, how many Karva Chauth celebrations did your wife go to, how much to do, how many festivals to do, Namaste, whatever happens in India, how much setting was done, how much feeling was given to the lady.  No, okay, okay, this was an investment of 30 years, which his wife was doing, mother's bread, mother's food, that ship was running, you are saying that you should move ahead with the solution, story time, such a consultant, you release.  Will Do Okay and Sometimes Acceptance of Situation Welcomes the Solution Sometimes Accepting Debt Pain Becomes This It Has to Be Released  In your mind, because it must be within this mind that I have had sex with my partner, so I told him first because every time, what does it mean to him, we will not give anything every time, date things are used, you come up very fast, so I told us too.  Shanti Thamba, listen completely, we will get him treated, what do you mean by this, I am going to decide, every time a relative used to go, younger brother used to go on the 13th, there were social obligations. Before marriage, we used to go to maternal uncle, this woman is the one who is deciding today, what will happen tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, whatever will happen, because how did this situation start, how did we know, mother is not gone yet, there is no talk of bills and bills.  So what happened that that date is built on two floors, so now this brother also wants something in it, let's monetize it now and make it a floor, the idea is very good that we make the house a floor with the builder. Let's collaborate, he took one destination, then he will take three, you take one, give one to me, such a plane was very right, but that plane, when he said, no, this is this, can you decide, then his teacher me and Chakshu  Wake up brother, this is the plane we are going to get, it was right for you to take that because if it remains at a dead end, then they will not get anything, mother, they will live for many more years, they should live more as I say.  A 72 year old mother has the strength to live till 98. If she lives for 26 more years, her 26 year old child will turn 52. You understand that this 50 year old mother is 23, sorry. Her 23 year old child will turn 50 in the next year.  That is, how old will the grandson be when he turns 76, so even at 76, he will not get anything, all the expenses have been spent, nothing will get less from the grandson and inheritance is in India, I have spent a lot on it. Love video has been made on this, there is no iron in India, there is no inheritance in happiness index, there is no huge loan in happiness index, people don't know how to taste it, now happiness report time has come, I had made a little video, this is a very fake report, this is Ukraine like this in Sri Lanka  Pakistan is so bad, they are like this, we are like this, yes yes, they are more happy than us even with such ruined external situation and we are disappointed because people make everything about Modi ji, it's not about Modi ji.  Happiness Report: This note is about Modi ji, this note is about BJP, this note is about patriotism, it is okay, wear your diamonds and pearls also, Prime Minister and the country, we don't know from where to where we will reach, still we are like this, we will remain like this handkerchief and if things change  If it doesn't happen, we will remain at 125-120 because there is another big factor on it which is the criteria. Whatever you do, it is right to tell the agency if there is an exam tomorrow, tell me, this is a useless exam, children.  He will also do yours like this, the teacher checked the result, he was checking you, you have your agenda, yes, he is his agent, I am not agreeing, he might be in a thousand things, maybe there is a mother in this thing too, then 10:02 Happy are you happy?  Okay, then let's consider this part, it was very important to tell this part, the video will be made leisurely with pause, I feel the pressure of many times, I have made a short for the first time, after editing it, there is curd in the mind, is there any caste?  A good thing should not be told so quickly by taking a gun on Ganpati, it should be understood as power. If you want to convey the story in life and get happiness, then watch the video. Those who want to see it quickly, if you want to see it quickly, then don't watch it, then their solution.  Look, these problems are happening with you too, I said that your wife did not give you feelings to your mother, you never took your grandchildren to meet them, you never called them yourself, it is okay and I said, you who then  I asked my wife, now his family members were living in Chandigarh, he was okay, now he is from Chandigarh and the coast is an expensive place, now it has become more expensive than before, so his house was a little big, he was a retired government servant, father in law, Dr. Saheb was also in the mood. Well, if they would have won more there, then today it seems like a mother's feeling that when her son goes to his in-laws' house during his holidays and takes the children with him and he does not come to her, then the umpire is called striking back, that one from Chandigarh.  It is not even Chandigarh, it is from Mohali, the value of the locality is even less and why do people talk about the girl there, if she has a brother, he will get it from the girl's brother, so I am not going to get anything there either, is it okay, now when she talks about this one.  If it was going on then you can expect that after one stage the woman will leave because she will not take the power, the money for consultation has gone because everything is going to be on her, ultimately right, this is probably my reason for releasing this. Which of the husband's eyes will he open, then later again in private, the husband had come to understand a lot of things as to what has happened till now and then he again said to me that yes, Guru ji, sorry, his day was like this, now I am alone.  Tell me, she will definitely listen now. The things you are telling have definitely happened and it has come true. I didn't say, why are you being bitter with your brother? Okay, I have killed your part, I have n't killed you yet, it's just the floor.  to make and sell separately  It is believed that we are not, okay the story goes on, the story goes on, then I told him further, this jealousy is not only of the inspector, tell me, what do the brother's children do to him, the useless brother's children, one has cleared IT, brother.  So we use the word 'useless', 'useless' in the same way that a person who doesn't do anything should not be spoken in my opinion, because when I talked to him, he told me all the customs and traditions of the house, now he has children, give big butter, give de butter, give de al.  Adhikari Because Al Adhikari was roaming around with his children, sometimes small town, sometimes big, sometimes the school was useless, sometimes they did not become good children and they had such bad children, these ones were the ones, it is okay to go in their DC bus, go here, go there.  Coaching facility Mukherjee Nagar, this city, that city, wherever you know, all the systems of Delhi, whatever you say, the system is very good and the stability is so big and going to the same school in this school means going to this school and there is no change of school. do and just read Now Chase has been fired from Fox, now look at his sense of loss, his loss of half a million taxes is visible on his face, his children do not look like his children and this is what they call, which movie was that Apni Deewar Deewar  Okay, the car is Bangla, it is from Bang Bang, what else is it, mother or now this car also, what did I have with the bank balance and mass off, when I turned 50, initially life was going smoothly, promotion, this is the stage when  your promotion  It turns out that honey is suffering from mid-life crisis. I told her that neither did you get a job, nor did your wife perform the aarti, nor did you have a relationship with your mother, nor did you have a sudden relationship with your brother, nor did you have many children.  Dante would have said, Baba, this is nonsense, this is a typical example of middle life, I said that you came for real estate consultation, but I am completely like this, I do conservative consultation.  And this is what you should also do and it's the same you should know everything about everything only you can do it's just psychology okay and why is it first you have to accept what happened in your life shows them in a different  They are without thinking of the consequences and the consequences are happened like date one mother very much this jo hota hai na sa bahu wala aise  It doesn't come out, then you were having such an attitude, then leave it brother, it is worth Rs 50 lakh 1 crore, if you keep the money for yourself then it has nothing to do with which lawyer will make you win, what is the basis, do it, I said how to do it in your court then.  In the future, there will be a difference in the marriages of children also because even today, no matter how many marriages are conducted on ye.com and Loveriya, they still ask how the court is going on between the two brothers.  Do you know about the issue of marriage there? It is a relief. How are they doing it among themselves in the court? Will they do it on us too? They should have got the numbers of the lawyers. Okay, this psychology is very big. I said, you will get yours done as well as his.  You will get it done and you will also get it done for your family too. Then I told him, understand, you do this and I did this, but brother, 4:30 crores is a lot of things, let's do something, now let's try to recover, I have turned 50.  You are 48 years old, I am still a child and my mother and I said that my daughter-in-law Rani ji, who is yours, is fine now, what are the people like me, if different videos, sometimes I seem to be a mail shop list, sometimes I  Sometimes I seem to be a feminist. Sometimes I seem to be a very pro boy's person. Sometimes I seem to be a very pro girl's boy. Sometimes I am a very pro. It is not like that I am not one sided. I see the truth of the situation. Atrocities happen to women at every level in the family.  It also happens with men too, many more in the society Listen Show [Music] Started crying ok then of his life then he came to know that the whole wife was in control, there is a consultation of real estate of opening which is D when your  Capacity at this level is a class, then you can charge a high figure, it means a lot, I don't think it is mine, but many people think it is okay, like I was joking with one, this was from sir, I know.  yours yours  That your time is very precious for you but I have no fame for you at all, everything is mine, it is free for me, it is very precious for you, okay if you want my time then it is very precious for you, so in the same way, when you are a consultant, you know.  So you have to show the value of your time. Whatever I am telling is very simple to hear but like this, open the notes, open the talk, because I did not even make the story confusing, I did not tell him to go to the court, I told him to fight.  Just Accept it has happened no you have oil d brother's friend see now if you do this further then let's do something more slow, if you do this then don't do zero then it is okay do something like this then another consultation took place from this consultation another one  It turns out that the brother and this brother have an about date property and now she is like that, so now that brother's wife also becomes crazy that now I have done so much, I have done so much, then madam will do it for you, right? Your company is fine and now you are also being taken care of. You do not have cash flow. This son of yours cannot serve you properly. Your daughter-in-law is also getting wise. Tomorrow you will also need cash flow. Rent of one floor will go to you.  Your name will be like this, yours will be like this, yours will be like this, it will be like this in collaboration, we both have benefit in doing corporate and both have loss in not doing corporate, this is people's note, you are corporate whereas both have loss, it is not so.  And in corporate, both of them have the advantage, so tell both of them that you have to earn something, this thing will have to be compensated, this will happen to the mother, then the mother has done so much, the mother will then give it to her beloved daughter-in-law, she will also get something, I said, brotherhood. I told you yesterday that you also have two children, boy and girl combo, both of them, I will not talk to each other as cousins, I would have said that when uncle and aunt  If there was a fight, the children would stop talking because the children liked each other after marriage or in such a big world, today blood related brothers do not meet each other, madam kept roaming around Mohali, she has never gone there now.  The child will not even see the face of the grandparents, the uncle will see the uncle, otherwise what will he have more to do with them, it is okay with them and now he himself is not doing anything in his life, so he is doing that, so what is the salary of the officer? Race 2.5 lakh salary.  If there is tax in two and a half rupees then it is his, so you see this, we are talking about salary of 250 months, then 250 months is said, job for 21 years, it is for 9 years, 10 years, then look at the value of money and it can be done in one go.  He understood that, then he understood the builder floor thing, stay together, understood that take one floor, put one on the car, do it like this, whatever system he understood, then he asked to make his investment. I will also invest in the collaboration, we will not take a builder, we will build it ourselves, it was again my idea, care builder will take the money, what will he be left with, okay, this type of brother is investing the money, it is okay for him not to invest the money, brother has the money.  If this is a lentil then let's do it like this, then by doing the slow work of them, I also made madam happy, the uncle, the younger daughter-in-law, said, brother, listen, you too should perform the aarti, so I  It should be like this, like this, your HD tax is done, do this, do that, do this, all this has to be done by taking the family together and in the end, the elder one was very angry, she also got less because she was also releasing. When you get nothing then there will be some anger even in his children and hiss, everybody will be happy and off it, yes, there will be two consultations of one, there will be two of one, even sometimes there will be two, but this is the way these things are. And like us, we listen to it many times because after 5 minutes or 10 minutes we come to know that because you have to be professional, you should not say that you have been recommended by A and there is a concentration of A and B. You are taking A's side, that is not to be done, now like when mine happened in this consultation, they got worried that why did I approach him because he is opening all my threads, okay but date him, date him.  Like that, you have to fulfill your profession. If your husband has done physical then he is doing consultation. What is this nonsense? What nonsense is this? Okay, you don't have to do that. Now, the person who is my fan, I will not say it, but I mean the one who likes me and listens to me.  After listening to my classes or whatever, he got number A from me because the situation was good for me, I did not know how the situation was in his family. Dhoni told me that elder brother, younger brother, mother, this and this. Everybody likes this, coming to peace is fine and the things can be resolved is fine, but making the other party agree too, doing this is the right effort, it is not easy, first you have to remove your notes, you yourself, when that brother  Why did he get angry because the elder brother went and said directly, yes friend, we have done the jailer factor and even now you are useless, your children are getting settled as per your taste, not mine and so on.  My daughter-in-law kept roaming here and I was myself, I ran away from responsibilities because holidays are given for two months even in the government, one has to come and go, he could have called his brother also, he became such a big officer at this level, so big.  Got a house, got such a big servant circle, sir facility, never gave the feeling that his nephew and his sister in law can see that yes, our elder brother can do so much good in life and be a part of D family because you are the first one to give him the feeling.  Kept on wishing that 107 yards, 160 yards dead floor, this was happening all the time, he became a rocket of 160. Do you know what happened to the properties in the beginning, when new marriage is not new, that's the way the system is, then you are in tune in your life. Relief is a map of a man, I don't know what I am but that money story and flood then you think oh I have forgotten this so this is what is happening and this is going to happen with lot of  People in the future also, if you have seen anything of mine in the audience and are 30 years old, then it is not that this is not going to happen to you, it cannot happen, many people are in this situation with you, if you are worried about caste then the most First you have to understand what kind of caste you have done, whether they have the power, just ask them once, it is not very different, it is accumulated over many years, this way the pain is okay, then it has to be removed, please understand, I hope it is not my fault.  Jain, you are very good Jain, you are liking my Kaise studies because of a lot of concentration, it is a real time experience and every time and I come with this Kaise studies give. I am also logging out in terms of you know when that solution is not given.  Then now you have got this solution, I will not be able to make mine yours, I am giving the solution in real life, so this is mine only, now this is mine.  I am a tired person, in this I have now gone into it after studying in some ways that now I do not care about each person, I earn money from one person one by one and it takes an hour or two, I do that friend.  Meaning, no one feels bad about earning money and that is the work I am doing and will take the work too, but it is only one of mine, if you tell more people then it is okay, if you tell more people then I will also tell through destruction, I do it differently, one of my subscribers. that is info group  If you want to join, then do it. If any notification or something comes in this life, then you all attend that too and if you want to take platinum membership, then you get a little more content in it because to do consultation, you should know the pen.  What are the points that you have to release to people and those are their templates, just give this, you can also, it is not so much rocket science, okay so please like, share and please if you want. Date more kaise studies toh please write more ok hai mohani more write dog to or b write dog then I will understand that yes friend you want because these real life people will come, all are real, some are not imaginary, some are not like that I just used that name  The rest is imaginary, I am telling it exactly as it is, I will spend real time and many people will be identified by this, as many people as you identify, till now please write its ID, you guys are fine.