Hello friends, there are two things which you can do immediately, you can do them from tomorrow after watching the video and you will find happiness coming in your life, fun, good pleasure, which can be called two things, you might have an idea of ​​the first one, you might not be doing it, you might not even have an idea of ​​the second one.  Whether you do it or not, I will tell you how to do both very well. You can do it with a very simple stick, try it, you will enjoy life just by doing it, the first thing is that it is especially applicable for men.  Because I think women in the middle class probably do this already, men don't do it but they also have to do it and those women who don't do it also have to do it. Please do the loafer while bathing and the liquid that comes out after spending so much money is the good coconut. If this season is going on, then whatever is good, according to your capacity, it should not come with a stick, it should be of such a big stick and its look should not be that big, because the one with the hand will not go all over the place.  You have to scrub well and take a bath and after bathing, body bill flower alive, try to see what you do tomorrow, tell them how you feel, those who don't do it, they will do it and then you will comment again, write here Guru ji will try both and  It is very easy to tell what the result will be after trying it. The second one is going to be even more interesting. Listen to that too. It is not going to be a long video, so we have to bathe it properly. In this way, the rest of the things will not enter in.  Science Science is okay, very much, it will be like this, it will be like this, it will be the benefit of astrology and energy cleansing, don't do it in too many tents, try it, many times people ask a lot of questions, these are the same people who eat food at the ready and the rest of them Scientific proof is needed everywhere, it is there for everything, it is okay, so they eat a lot of dirty oil, there is no restriction on them, okay, the second thing which is very important, it is called oil in English.  How to do oil pulling, what to do, you have to take coconut oil, edible, that is, it is not edible, but you have to put it in the mouth, you have to take the edible one, you have to take one table spoon, big spoon, it is okay in the morning on an empty stomach, one.  You put a spoon of oil in your mouth like this and you have to do the whole art with it and you have to do it for 10 minutes on the first day, it will not last more than two and a half minutes, while doing all this it will last for two and a half minutes, so two and a half minutes.  Do it slowly for 5 minutes, it will become a habit in two days and then automatically when you get to Vashi, tweet it, how to do it by lowering it down, it will be a little even for 10 minutes. Put a song on your mobile or put a video like mine. 10 minutes more, which you have to do on Saturday, Sunday because it is your holiday, there is time, but you will be able to do it in general also because it will feel so good, after that when you take it out, then brush your teeth like normal.  do yours and hers  After brushing, your oral health is definitely there, the toxins will be removed and you will immediately feel full. These are the two things that I am telling you people, look at the channel, there is a lot of this, take that, do it like this, drink this water like this.  Drink this and it will happen. The two things that I have mentioned will happen as soon as you do the image jet. You will see the benefits immediately and then after oil pulling, you should avoid eating for half an hour if possible. It is very easy to do on holidays.  As per advice, most of the time is spent in bathing, washing, making love etc. As long as your break is fast then at least give a gap of 20 to 25 minutes before eating, you are fine, there is no side effect in such a system. You don't have to take it inside, you just have to drink the oil that has been taken, in the beginning it seems a bit like ' do it, don't know how to do it', but you will do it once, you will do it twice, you will do it thrice, it will be a perfect habit.  You will get into the habit of doing it for 10-10 minutes. In the beginning, two-three minutes will be the minimum. Try setting a timer. It is an interesting timer. Set the timer for 3 minutes. Listen to a song or watch a video.  Take a video of 10 minutes, like this one of mine, this one is my video, like there is a video of seven-eight minutes, brother, keep listening to the video and keep doing everything like this, concentrate on it and keep doing your activity.  After that spit it out and let them brush your bill if you do it for a few days further and make a habitation in honey. Let me tell you, even after knowing the bathroom, people do not do it. Whose lap is in your bathroom.  I am wearing a loofah and still I feel lazy. This bar of soap in my hand is a lifebuoy. There is lux here and any other lake like this, it is like this, it is a dog, it is love, it is like this, this bar of soap.  Isn't it brother, there is nothing wrong with this, you remove all the fat by doing it like this, bring him down like this, make him proud, put that of yours in him, he is the good one, boast and say, do it to him, it will be completely good, he will wake up, your deliberate talk will be like this in him.  No, it takes a lot of time, it takes 5 minutes, it will be completed in less than 5 minutes, whatever you are doing now, you are not even spending 2 minutes, it is a very basic thing to do both the things well, tell me comment. Will do in the area  And share this video with your family group etc. because this is something that is worth sharing, so there is coconut oil, you have to pull the oil, you have to put one tablespoon of dal in your mouth, teaspoon will be very less, the tablespoon is a little bigger which is the bigger one.  The spoon is a big spoon, you have to take it well and spit it out and you bill full instant relief, after that you will tell me, it was very good, many times we take some of it on the liver. Heaviness is toxins, mother is bad, this is how you speak that you are bad from within, that is the thing, everything is not there, nothing will happen, you should try it, it is all oil pulling, your dental health will be very good from everywhere, bacteria, bacteria, everything.  It kills, it is a very good thing, try it, I felt that no one has told this video to the common man, the rest of the videos are very good for health and if all these things keep going on, then it is a practical thing, I do it.  And there is a benefit and I tell the world  It is very simple, whatever comes, I can tell it like this, I have seen relief from so many people, so why should I not make a video, if the whole world gets relief then it is okay, then please share this video, you think on clarity.  And this is my YouTube channel, if you guys haven't subscribed to it yet, then subscribe to that too so that I am trying a little bit for that too, I am going to get close to a million subscribers, a little bit of both and a little bit of you in that.  There is also another channel - Youth on Clarity, I will try to give its link also. It is in the comment area in the description, so please go and subscribe to that also. There are good videos on that also. Thank you very much.