Hello friends, how middle class can live a satisfied life, satisfied life is a big thing in itself, a life of satisfaction, I am going to give you two golden mantras for it, you listen carefully, you will apply both, you will apply, but you are not able to do it, you will get clarity about it and  In the end, I will tell you a very amazing secret and not for the British to click like this, that secret will be very amazing, not just one but two secrets, tell me not one but two secrets and it will open your eyes completely.  Your mind will open and you will enjoy, so let's start. The golden mantra is that whatever time you have in your life, you should either be earning money at that time or you should be enjoying.  If you are not earning money then you should have pleasure but you will catch pleasure first then I will explain the rest of the things in detail. People are going after fun instead of pleasure. First you have to understand the difference between fun and pleasure, only then you will have a satisfied life. What is fun? Dude.  like what  The pleasure became a breeze quickly, a little different, it is a bigger thing than the other, it is sustainable, it is not necessarily expensive, there is no value added to the fun, it is not sustainable, it is not too much, it is just a consumption of alcohol, cigarette or mind-saree, if you had asked me if I drank alcohol, I would have said no, how would you know?  I said what fun it is, you say yes, you know that, I say, it would be fun only then people drink, I don't think anyone is an idiot, there must be something going on that the world drinks so much, but  I say that to enjoy it, you have to drink again and again. It does n't happen that if you drink too much today, then two weeks are spent in fun, it does n't happen that you get drunk, the next day you get a hangover in the Friday party.  People do such things and if we look at the examples of joy, we can find joy in learning something new. You know painting. Are you singing a song that is sustainable? Do you know how to sing? You like making people listen to it.  Started singing songs, can you sing anytime, can I tell you my examples? You know astrology, you have learned astrology, you enjoy it, you can do consultation, you can do something about relationships, you can read good books, you can absorb knowledge, then  You can share the knowledge, these are some examples of enjoyment and it is sustainable and it will add value and make you interesting, like if you are watching this video at this time then you should either enjoy which is  I think you must be feeling this but along with this joy, I am also instilling in you the ability to earn money. Earning money is not always an active thing. I am digging a hole, I am digging a hole, I am making money.  Earning No If you are absorbed something which subsequently in your life you can use and monetize is earning money for example learning how to file your  ITR Returns is a very simple thing. You saved your friend's Hajj. You did not have to give it to CA, so you learned it. At that time, when you were learning, I was feeling happy. Along with the joy, you were also feeling happy.  I have added my ability because in life I am telling you that no one will tell you that there is joy in earning money, there is joy in earning, it is not in spending. Many people say, what will you do after earning so much money, oh money.  Earning is happiness, doing it is nothing, tell me again, you have more money, many say no and you have made elders that you kept a lot of money, you were not happy and then children did not respect you, you are old.  You did not enjoy, you died and it was a bad life. People say this about many people. We have seen a lot of this kind of thing. Apart from this, there is another fact that that high bank account or net worth is good for.  People And They Should Look Forward To It Because How The Other People Treat Them Chances Are Nobody Tells About Money You Have 25 Crores In Your Account Imagine It Is 25 Crores Think Visualize It Is Mine You Know It Is Mine Your Behavior Changes You Feel Relaxed  Those Rs. 25 crores will be wasted, have you taken them on loan or have you dug a pit to leak them? Then there is a different tension as if you were a film star.  Have kept the cars, kept so many Andrews, kept the next picture not a hit, first spent the money in Shosha Baaji, then we have seen people have ended up doing suicide also a lot of TV actors, film stars, we have seen that story, so now we have to understand it. He has to learn one thing, what to do, I am telling you now these basic two things are known, now you who are listening to me can be of any age 20 30  40 50 You have to see as your age is increasing i.e. next day next day your age increased from previous day every day year happiness element in your life should increase it may start from may be negligible but it should increase if it is not increasing You Can Never Be Satisfied Anand Has to Increase and Why It's Important to Listen Carefully Listen Very Carefully As You Age You Judge Your Ability to Stand Fools and Foolish Behavior Reduce Drawstring You are not coming because you are forced to work or have no choice in relationships, you have to stand away from fools, fools are those who are making their life comfortable, meaning of fools This is not just that Kalidas is cutting where he is sitting on his branch, that is not a phenomenon, it is like Sambalpuri, I don't feel like this. So what does cholera come from this? This is a little higher order video. We will continue in an abstract way. Okay, so this ability, wit stand, it will be English, but how is it defined that how you earn money becomes important, how much you.  More than Earn at Some Stage in Life How You're Earning C If you have initially started it doesn't matter much if you are also working in Anston Young then it's ok, it's sucking blood I know  But right now it doesn't matter that much, okay money is coming but as age increases, responsibilities will increase, marriage, children, parents, old age, dose comes from everywhere, so how are you earning money now? Now you were earning money in the same way when all this happened.  If there were no issues then now you see how much your stress will increase, this is an important thing, now I am telling you two secrets, tell me both the secrets, you also knew, now you will implement, listen carefully, you are a middle class person.  Your Monday to Friday job is sure, your salary is also sure, this is your life, you have released this, you have watched the video, you are connected to me, you are aware of many things, now you want to increase that thing, your ability to add value.  In Others Life So That You Can Have A Side Income Gig Income Something You Want To Do Okay You Want To Spend Your Time In A Quality The Way You Want To improve yourself, it's okay, they want to do big, now you will start talking about all these things, real estate, stock market, investments, stagnation of improvement in relationships, passive aggressive behavior, calling out narcissism. What are the politicians doing in the country?  What are the trends happening, what is coming, what is going on with the boy and girl, what is going on with the marriage, want to talk about a little bit of that, deep things, okay, your love.  The circle of acquaintance is your friends, your relatives, I am telling you a big secret because it may be what I am telling you, it may not be, it is also possible that you are the one who is going to mess this thing up, then let me know in the comment section.  It goes on or it's happening to you I have no way to control I don't have to make a video There may be people I'm doing it to you And you're doing it to people And it's been judged  To you, you are a simple normal person, one of your friends comes and takes away the time of your life and when you talk to him about things which you have not learned new and you are excited, you always keep talking about money.  Have you done something else, is it always like this? Let's talk about some fun. Now this guy is making money in his business and his high paying job is a well-off servant. Whose life is as you know. Increment at 3.  He has to move on, even in the government, he is at 3. Even if he runs, he is at 3. It can be of any kind. He has come like this, there is nothing for him, he cannot do anything that you want to do. So it comes and takes away your mojo, it is called energy, it takes away energy, you have to avoid such people in life because what, now it has increased your level, people like me have increased it, you yourself have made it, this is called consciousness.  level Increase, increase the level of conscience, whatever our dear Acharya ji Prashant ji says is coming now, his words also sound a little right, I am telling him in this way that you have increased your level, now that of a human being.  The level is low, now you are not going to enjoy his words, if the one thing I said and the second ability to earn money does not increase with him, then the golden mantra I had given in the beginning was that whatever activity you do, your ability to earn money should increase.  Or  If you are just earning money or are you getting pleasure then now if you are neither getting pleasure from sitting with this person nor are you getting the ability to earn money then this person is not right for you and as you grow, old things will go away.  This is also a big big message to all and you should not feel bad because if they have not upgraded themselves then if you have upgraded then that thing will not work like we say that it is old, it is Microsoft Excel or something.  we saw  There is no program that now this is done, now it will run in the lower one, in the upper one, the above thing runs in the upper one, either there is content, there is a program for it, this one is rum or speed or technicality, I do not use many words.  I am doing it but you are understanding that it is okay that it will work in the same way so you don't have to be sad in this, there is a small secret and I will tell you one more thing after that, the follow out secret from this is that in today's time brothers and sisters you need.  To protect your time not money, our focus is very much on money that someone will take ₹ from ours, someone will take ₹ 500, someone will take 2000, it will become an expensive thing, it will become a cheap thing, we are very focused, we do not focus on what our time has taken. I am not saying that it is okay to get trapped in a scam but the money is still protected. To steal the money or to steal the money, OTP is still there.  It still needs some system to make sense, but if some useless person comes to steal someone's time, then he does not need any OTP, he will come and sit and eat four hours of your time, you have to ask, now if you don't say it, it will be rude.  So what I am telling you is that in 20, you will suffer for such people, but in 40, your ability has gone down. Now after going down, if you do not have the skills to earn money in life, then the value has not come.  You have not developed editing skills, you do not have much money in your bank account, you still have to tolerate it, but if the ability to tolerate goes away, you will get irritable. Cannot be said satisfactorily. Relationships also have to be maintained, wife also said, father, mother, children said.  There are different recruitment programs going on and you are sitting as a driver doing all that, so this is the truth of life. How did you like it? Do tell me and I want to tell you one more thing. After Diwali, one of my relationship courses is starting this year, which I would like my subscribers to do, it will be one of my iconic courses. There are seven-eight classes, weekly classes will be on Saturday 7 PM to 9 PM, so the time is also very convenient, no one can say this.  I have no It is not Friday because I know on Friday people do parties etc. It is Saturday so learn and winter  You will have a lot of fun and if you want to enroll then go to the given number which will be visible to you in the comment section or anywhere else, it will be visible in the hashtag in the description, you are on that number now, there is a slight discount beyond that.  It is also possible that if the first few people who come in the beginning are okay for them then hope to see maximum of you in that and in that you will learn with a lot of fun how to do all the things because what is there right here, that much in one video.  You can tell because many people will do it with the knowledge of this but many people will get stuck no but it ca n't be like this then what should I say to him otherwise he speaks like this, she speaks like this, he becomes boss like this, mother becomes like this, brother, that.  So you will understand better in the class itself, then there will be online recording, that will be a very good thing for all of you, that if for some reason you miss it or you have to refer again for the notes or for that, then you will also get the recording.  So