That Hello friends, the rainy season is a prophet for this video this Video give I will try to dress the one from real estate who is the candy crush of people, the train is going soon, I am going to the drain, I speak in Hindi, is it okay?  I will try to impress that thing, there are many misconceptions in the Dwarka Expressway area too, so I will tell you that we have never seen such a country have a storm water drain and such a system line and it will give a prize result.  During the rains, our golf course road itself becomes a storm water drain, which is fine for people with it and this is a problem for 10-15 days. After that, the water that comes from Aravalli in Shastri Chikni Badi Aditi comes in full quantity and ultimately.  To find that water which was and is a natural creation, otherwise to date water also, where water will be found, it will ultimately reach Najafgarh Road.  If you want to take it to Najafgarh drain then something will have to be made to take it, that is for sewerage, all the water that is coming from Najafgarh drain is being diverted to Najafgarh drain, it may be 10 kilometres, it should be subscribed.  And I am also behind many projects while writing to people, please subscribe to the big page. If it rains then there will be full water there and if you are above like this, then you will not have to go to your house, then you will get this.  The government had to look at the choice that do you want water inside the basement or do you want water on the road, do you want this water in the drain, now that drain is not a smelly dirty sewerage drain, it does not even run all the time and even big ones are being built.  We read it because there are many places where even this inside does n't work. You study it. What is the logic behind it that this one works in this one, that one works in the other one, and in ward number 8, people have to do a lot of things for this.  According to me, the screen is existing in something and you are doing something. There is a certain amount of field cuts every now and then. Media spit something was not listed for now. Like many things cannot be made now, now it cannot be done again, so why not. -Jham Andar Par To All Those Who Are Not Appointed At That Time, The Plan Was To Make Appointed Friends, Small Waters And Dwarka Expressway Subscribe To It From Green Field Here This Something To Witch  There is no edit that will make you feel something, Hafiz, water will not fill, it is being wooed, water will not fill, water will make them swell, so there is not so much tension in this, these are some concerns which can be small and big, it should cover the mine, how much distance is the laundry wall?  How much is he, of course, but he is just like that, he has seen a ghost like Lal is going, whom there is another ghost in a teenage project in affordable housing last year.  Indian cremation ground, those cremation grounds, if anyone can tell you, let me tell you that Gurgaon, Faridabad were the original cemeteries in many places because there used to be wars, so the original ones were not used here in Delhi, so the Royal Family and that  There was a program of the house, if the weight of the remaining hair was there then it would be an illusion, is n't it an excuse, it is true, so is there a private one in the cremation ground? Took a plot of 4030 and what is One Village and put four pegs in it and put a tin shed in it, it became a cremation ground, now the builder is in the black to buy some project of Gurgaon by paying money, today I want to tell you one thing, listen carefully to you.  This is the fingers of two hands, this is the finger of one hand, it has become the first in the finger of one hand, so now there are as many projects as the fingers of one hand, in which the issue does not have this kind of touch, yet in many of them we know that we  Don't know, if there is no hard work, then ultimately ultimately that will become two to three and in this NGT, Haryana Government, Delhi Government, Central Government, only electronic medium will become in the mouth of the people and those who are not government's notification story, if they create their own private limited, then you can fine 500 yards.  If it is the next one for you people, then they do not have any project in their family in which I will take everyone's name, so in a few villages, we have as many houses built in public toilets. In Gurgaon, giving in this manner has now been stopped so it is over that there is no one who is being used in a terrible manner, this is the last one, those 40-50 families of the original village and on their own land and in this also  The game can be that if you play some units and later buy 500 yards, then a different program will be clear, what benefit do you get from it, so this thing which is coming everywhere is not this thing of retention. Instead, everywhere in Delhi, in your Jha Gud areas, if I go ahead of you, then she is going from inside someone's project and if he is paying money for typing, then still that is an issue, meaning buying from someone who is not a part of the project.  Typing is going from inside, there are two-three people with crores of rupees, there are four-five of them in affordable housing in entire Gurgaon, of whom they are going, but the standard fear of the government is that the distance of so many 80 meters should be so many meters.  That resonance is not there. Actually, with the coating applied on it, it can be made even at a distance of up to 11 meters, but this old one which was running with more distance is still in the same building class, so again this water on Nishu.  We will keep starting everything, interested people can buy Rasta Rasta, government policy has been taken out that there is no pressure to buy military till Ravinesh, anyway, was not going to the post when Bigg Boss is kept.  Will come on the course of designing while the road is already built and cannot go inside any project, its boundary wall is different because how can the road go inside the project, the builder will have to buy it if he does not withdraw from the road. Also subscribe on this project.  The government used to block the way, subscribe to the extent of government because any thing is required to be focused on whereas buy and sell decision should not be taken from these things because that thing is getting repeated in value and  It is as big an issue as it seems and it is in real estate. I have made videos on it. For example, the top floor which is there today should be bought after pressing it. According to me, it is a big issue because solar panels are being installed on all the upper floors. There is a heat exchanger in the construction.  It is not like this that it is very good according to Vaastu, if it is not on your head, then the top floor is very good, Virendra understands it, but those who do not know need to take their own, then they have to grind, but in today's time, people have that  lift  It will not work, it will get spoiled, I will have to climb up and go, so look at this, if it is a building of 25 floors, then the ground floor can be reached till the first floor, after that, you have to press the button, then you have to press 15, what difference does it make in 18th floor? Which is inside the lift above the subscribe button it will take five minutes to lose your weight then subscribe has appointed small for someone on Thursday and this is and in that 5,000 Raghavan is my  Keep debating on it, friend, for practice, the safety of only one lift is looted everywhere, even if the lights go off, lift 512 money next should have this much in it, tinder time date when generator backup tips sametime generator primary 6 3 to  Less 120 second step ok then you will not remain difficult determination woven ok improve all the issues which you want to bring up sid i will keep bringing ultimately whatever is so  It will not be different for you because the original city was just so much, now people have been doing this festival for years and everyone knows that it was created by force and blackmailing. Some land was left, bikini and many builders came, so now I forcefully distributed this news for the missions. You are the normal people, you are the village people, you are the original people, you are the vote bank, you can raise voice for more than that.  Yes, it is not that you are a laat sahib and the stylish look urban people of a multi national company and the distance between tissue Harman village people also have acidity. Their 5050 rooms are rented for ₹ 5000 and diet is ₹ 3. So if you get the rent of a building by stretching it.  It is not the case that they are poor or you rich people, I am saying that mostly people are poor and those who are taking the new ones are poor and those who have to bear the burden of living are poor.  If the people doing this are poor, then this thing has to be highlighted. How much facility have you given to the government to tell this? Tell me, you Kamli, you don't make toilets, you don't have so many public hospitals, you have studied so many in government schools, does this mean that you just went to work and die?  It means there is no other work so much * Maintain Tang Pvt Ltd. Ok then and tell those villagers also how much do you need to raise Amazon ₹ 2000, this is inside my society. 10,000 people, so many 1000 people live here, shut it down, you mean nobody has built it on a public road, where road after road should be built, tell me, night happens so fast and we will fence it as if it will be launched and will give him the OK. And appointed, thankfully, he will also come with a last one whose program only so that and distracted, these people are such a development because when Chakkar Kain starts a city then all kinds of mafia will come to earn money from it because  We will learn to obey everyone, press the buttons on your website, we are the ones with software, this is coming to me, you all are rich, so am I condemning them, if they feel like this, then I am saying to those who do such things.  I am doing this Ramesh account is wrong, you are using this content, the old man who is left here feels that it is not my growth but the city's talk, it always happens, this is a fact, but he should be educated here and do something intelligent.  the thing has to be done because  Ultimately what he has done is good for him as well but he does not accept that his house is also opposite to his, so you have to see that the place where he has made it is fake, are they also not living in it, so are they originally his?  There was a kind of system that they used to make next to the house, they all got the paste from the brotherhood, all these people can play this important role, Aadhaar, non-issues as a means for monitoring should be told, it must have been edited there and the other half  Issues created forcefully can also be put to consequences. Recognize the government. The government listens but you have to speak a little louder or listen to us because there is so much noise. Government officials are there. There is no water, no electricity, this is not right.  That didn't happen, it didn't happen like that, it did n't happen like that, so you take a list in that list as well that who should suffer that much, why should I go to the canteen, before that let's meet one individual that I was next to you, so what will you do now, now I will tell you, earlier this was straight for many years, this was someone, that was his inauguration ceremony, someone had taken a photo, we make anything or anything, so now it will keep on increasing, I am  For you people, as the property is increasing, the property will keep increasing, then start it, I agree, once the answer is given to the big man, when the common man also comes to his own, you can try and make the coating, it is done, it is okay, it is the builders.  Builders also have a lot of power  There are things they should do, excise on it is not helpless, numbers are restaurants, logic is cemented in it, stunts are there in social media, there is tent in the end and logic and will is always there when the man says whatever I say, it is approaching everyone. Which is doing it to you too, if it is not doing it, then tell me. If it is making you angry, then you tell me, instead of us running away like rats, this one is not right, that one is not right, from such a fate, we are like this.  Have to take Haldwani, what does it mean that you can make it even later than late, have you booked a Big or have you started staying, now do some programme, then when will we come, when will we come from noon, when will we come, then the notified cremation ground.  The ghats are public and belong to the government or the government also pays and maintains them and they are always shrinking a bit and are proper. When you see the infrastructure, they are proper.  There is an infection, there are proper people inside it, there is maintenance, there is combustion, so it is not a private limited, the man's business was thrown at him with four sticks and he said like this, then you can convince as many people as you want in the whole of India, then I hope you.  People will share this thing, it is definitely a matter of a little anger, and in public opinion, I mean, definitely write in the comment section, please make the video tight so that it reaches the people, you will find many people can change this thing, even the officials can change the video. If other people also do then subscribe to this problem, then like I have another dogs, this is going on at India level, this is going on in Gurgaon also, in Delhi too, there is free mode of pizza problem, interested arrest is fine, so this is also one problem this.  If you have the address, please share it in small amounts and share it on the group so that people can see it and spread it a little.  please press thank you