Hello friends, two indicators which indicate the bull run in Gurgaon real estate and tell in the upcoming tank, friends, I have discussed the use of two indicators and the video will not be very long but listen till the end. Out of the two, you grease the first one.  Yes, let others write in the comment section, One Agri, EM Agri or 120 Agri. The first thing you should do is Google and check India's top most player. Do you know that Bhai Saheb in Gurgaon, on 1st June?  Developed from June, 60 units are sold within 5 days, the pitch is also 315, if the playlist is played, then this information can be given in 15 days, which means if one unit is priced between Rs 4.5 crore to Rs 5.5 crore, then the average is Rs 45 crore.  If the average goes to 60 units 315 25 crores then it has been good demand for paint demand and for such expensive things because is it normal that these things come?  There is a lot of noise about it, it is more in quantity but see how much of the goods was taken, Rs 315 crore was not even known in 5 days, this is a big police friend, in the coming time, the second thing that Jio is showing is the political situation in the world, your political and economic also.  There is also an address for the political situation in 2019 for the energy brothers and what they will do with it. General information for the villagers of Delhi who want to invest in whatever. In this point for Real Estate in India, I am going to tell you that Bigg Boss debit the inquiry time has increased tremendously over the last few words about property in the world, about three crores, these three crores are angry, three crores, each one of these three crores. Percentage is 3 lakhs, isn't it? Raees, one percent of three crores is 3 lakhs. I say, if you put point one percent, then point one percent becomes 30,000. That I say, point one is too much, point zero one, put 3000 N Arise, will you invest in Gurgaon in the next three to four months? There are so many challenges to India that due to the situations that are happening, they may have to come back. You know whatever is happening, I will not make it political, I want to link it to real estate. If you want to say something, you can connect on the number given below. About what is  Happening in the Real Estate By doing this, I put the figure of Rs 3000 in perspective, now I have energy so that when we reach Australia office, it will not be accepted. This is the most likely presentation. Okay, then tell the Gurgaon market, the rest can be posted in your respective markets, but you can also keep the tableau.  If you are one, then there is AC two tier here and in this event year, which I call Deen Dayal, the premium above Deen Dayal comes for free.  Should be a good segment studio, should Siwan be loot, under construction leftover inventory, are there more than 2000 2500 flat children, you tell me, in Gurgaon it means under construction, it is of Madhavan brand and is being built, that is, it was launched three years ago, two and a half years ago.  2 years ago, 1.5 years ago, 1 year ago, 6 months, they are being built, thank God, I have got lakhs, towers were standing somewhere, some new towers are coming, all the houses are there. You will add the inventory by one click, not on Dwarka Expressway, Dwarka Expressway, 108 sector, 16 sector, 104 sector, 102 sector, your golf course, two or three giants of the road, do you know who they are? You are the big guys with 961 tractors.  Smoke all the cigarettes for this too, if you add and say how many limited ones will come, don't talk about them after eight-ten months, today's inventory which will be available in the next two.  It will be ready in 13 years because if something is launched then you will know what its price will be and it will be built in 6 7 8 years and the big project will be built in 8 years so you all know this, okay then see how much inventory is there.  So if this inventory is a laptop, then it will have flights. In an advice to me, again and again, if people think that which one is the record, it is stuck somewhere, it is ringing again and again, even at the cost of the candidate. Those who have bought real estate anywhere in Gurgaon. If you want to hear the names of the projects, then next time I will tell you. Bought their flat anywhere on Golf Course Road, in Golf Course Extension, in Sona, in Sona Road, in New Gurgaon. Chat on Dwarka Express.  If you have bought something in Dwarka Express, somewhere in Old Gurgaon, then you do not want to sell it because demand and supply are clearly cut. I will end the video by making an example below, understand it carefully.  A hint is enough for the sensible ones because many of those who have taken it are not entering into this game but selling 20 lakh or 30 lakh lines for trading, then I take something, don't be foolish, let me give you an example, your wife makes a cake.  In one hour I, your wife has not put the cake batter in one, so you can say Saif Ali, in one hour you can't get one to eat, you can say real in making your wife better. Even if it takes an hour, the batter is ok, you have to take care of it, you have to set it, your wife has to set it also, tightening, this process has not even started, then you can say to Saif Ali that 2 hours is not enough for you.  You will get the same which is five to six things in one, near your house, your wife has to go and bring it from the market and she has not yet left the house, so Saif Ali can we say that you will not get one for 3 hours?  Brothers and sisters, in the same way, if a builder acquires land, then he will know about the inside market in the market, he will clear it for Rs. 198, don't you know, but he has to apply again and if he wants to launch a project to clear the pro quizzes then he will have to buy the land.  It also takes a year to launch and then the time to make your inventory will be printed till 2023, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28 and 29.  This can be done in the premium segment and the Deendayal issue which is being made in two-three years can be cut by 2025 so comment is different but ac1 ac2 top notch are very expensive things where Narayan is coming this is Chennai in West network.  This inventory will continue to be wasted. Saif Ali can be motivated till 2030 because this Diwali also if someone has in mind to launch in 3 months then its last flat pile will be 2030. Your Ultra  Luxury is also being launched in the place, their PM has said that the last flight is 22 till 2030 so it is a cycle of 8 years so this inventory can be printed very easily and whoever has taken it here is also thinking that  There is a project in the Mere Se Ko Mere Voice Ko section which people had taken at 10:30 for 11000 rupees and now the builder has read 16 thousand rupees, sixteen and a half thousand and seventeen thousand rupees. Easy resale of entry is 14000 rupees, ready to buy for 14000 rupees and many people ask me to do all that because even 40% of 4000 rupees, while your money is still sixty-seventy portions, then it seems liquid to all these people.  Only This Project When I told you there is advice, there is advice, keep quiet because there is nothing worth buying after selling it, so you took a good thing, ride it, that 17  If you have not done builder then there must be 100% on the position because even at 17% including GST I am telling you, if you buy it then hold on, you will not get any returns from it and that thing is starting to happen again.  Its supply will not come. Is it opportunity cost or replacement cost? Next to it, first of all, it is not a land parcel, 90% of all land parcels are like that, only Deendayal is burnt.  The thing that happens with the growth is called burnt bed, which is taken like burnt bread, that bread gets burnt, if friends take it out piece by piece, what shape comes out, it has given so much entry from the road and then moved ahead.  Then go left and right like disco disco dance, take it and take it anywhere with a square rectangular eye-shooting road with a bigger front that yes, you live here, a gate will be visible and that street. Gali Gali and that too your sir price of surprise, I am going to tell you about Deendayal Upadhyay floor in two months you will get 1.4 CR. It would be nice to hear that Deendayal AC-3 was widow 170 yard plot and builder floor in New Gurgaon at 1.4 CR.  Unbelievable, I am recording it only to tell you when it comes. Yes, you told it 2 months ago. How did you like the video? Tell me, share, like and subscribe to the channel.  If you have n't done it yet, please subscribe. Thank you.