Hello friends, today's topic is you mistakes which they are doing in bringing in daughters and they are girls are very important for the society, if you have a daughter then definitely watch it and if not then also watch it because if this story or story of Bahurani will come then it will affect the society.  Please spread this video and you have to agree and disagree that what I am telling you is making mistakes and is not happening because now it is taking the form of a problem in marriage.  This thing affects the marriage of girls inside, which we are making two mistakes. First mistake is in raising girls, this is not how the soul stage is when you are 12, 13, 14, 15 years old. It is the caste that now you wear this kind of clothes, this is like this.  If your wishes get married, then fulfill them by making such a product that it is kept in such a way that there is no expense, there is no water from the parents, the parents of the girls are not being genuine. Now there is a lot of difference between a boy and a girl and that of girls.  If it's about food, about traveling, about clothes, it's about their desires, I'm talking about girls, you are 18 19 20 21 22 23 Also, when you get married, see what is happening to her, expectations are being raised like this. She has a husband, what is that man's name, what amazing romance will do to your life, who knows what will happen after marriage, that seeking happiness.  From equal flat mother, it is not possible that the boy you will marry, with whom he will have his own demands and programs going on in his life, his salary will not be so big and if there is such a big salary, then he will not have so much time, is it okay or so much?  If there is a big salary, then his original family, parents, sister, brother must be having something going on on his time and money, there is not much system mass, I am telling you, it seems that when you are young.  No, your five-six things are just what you want to do, it is okay, if you have kept the child or even when the marriage starts, then I will get that happiness in it, then you are breaking your expectations. If you look at it that way, it is also gender neutral. But something more is happening with the girls, the boys are also forced to come and visit again after making some wishes because when the responsibility of marriage has come immediately and if the girl is also working, then take out that time or you push her for the desired thing. Tax  Had given it, we will see later, we will see later because you had it on time, there was no pressure, there was no pressure, you had the power to live your life well and comfortably, you had the power to move around comfortably, you had the power to do all these things without any pressure, even cheaply. Now, if she doesn't do what I am telling you, she should wait for marriage. You need something. If she needs some jewellery-type things, she needs some clothes, she needs some shoes, she needs a mobile, she needs to roam around, she needs food and drink, she needs something to do.  Be it desires, personal skills, hobbies, songs, anything like that, if you make a list, there will be 15-20 things like this. Check for yourself which things you are considering and which things the society is considering. Yes.  Look later, do it now, do it later, do it later, not now, read it now, do this now, do this now, do that now, do that now, do it now, he never comes to her.  And in the beginning of course  The year doesn't come in the 1st 2nd 3rd year of marriage and then it doesn't have any kind of emotional bank balance either, you sustain D initial too, the stress from the bill note but the demands of married life is okay, there is something in it, it doesn't mean base at all You have sent such a thing which means from the first day I have been thinking that this husband will come and make me have fun. Neither do they come to take the husband in their life nor do they come to have fun. Now I have got the syllabus like this, again there is trouble.  Well, this was a very big region. The second region, let me tell you, is also very important, perhaps even more important than this region. Those women who got married in 1989, their children, now I will call marriage market, the married ones are coming in the front. Okay, these women who  They are Muslims, they are doing less jobs, it is okay and they kept on grinding inside the house, they did things for their in-laws, they did things for their husbands, they did children and how did their lives get ruined, they don't have a report card of their own.  Don't show achievements in terms of bank balance, do n't show them as assets, I am doing this, I have just given pals and they have given on sense of bitterness and frustration, always dependent on d husband, d money is ok, now this is what I am giving to my daughters.  I am telling my mother what she is doing and what wrong she has done. She is being told that listen, you become something, otherwise the maritime bread will be distributed and if you become something, then it will be theirs.  What is the sense of motivation? For example, boys are often told to do something otherwise they will grow up and hit the broom, they are scolded for doing this, okay then girls are being told that if you  If you don't study, you wo n't become anything, if you do anything good, you will end up like us. So now girls don't have any rank, they are studying, they are doing well, they are getting good marks, they are also hardworking, everything is good, so they feel like that.  On the other hand, what we mean is that if we become like this, then what does mother do? Going to the kitchen, taking care of the house, children, marriage, we should not do anything like this, this is very wrong, now we are bringing a crown and a story series has come from Netflix which is yours.  There is a scene of an episode made on the Royal Family, I want to tell you that Market Thatcha ji was the Prime Minister of England, the scene is in Nick, whether it is imaginary or real, it may have happened in reality or inspired, it is not about her but the discussion of the scene.  I am doing it right, this is the Prime Minister of England, right, she is married with her husband, that story is going and there you are right, this is the Prime Minister of England, right, so it means everything is there, so there is some packing in it, so that is what they are doing.  There are stewards, there are three, and leave it, something wife, you do on the husband, so that thing strikes me, the Prime Minister is also a woman, now what will he become above her, okay, even if he becomes the Prime Minister, even then there is one from inside.  There is a feeling that I am doing something for my husband, I am of this feeling that today's women are girls, don't destroy them, don't tell them what to do, I am no longer of this, go and tell them that you  Become a slave of your husband, become a servant, wake up in the morning and perform the Aarti, understand that God is not asking you to do this but it is the opposite of this, leave what is, do n't delay, date the new couple decide what to do with each other, it is possible.  The husband should press the wife's clothes and the wife should do something for the husband and let them have their own internal arrangement. The wife is late in the office in her suit but even if it is not like this, the husband should lie down for a while or is he free. I will definitely tell the boys.  Entering Caste: Whatever a boy is doing, whatever he does for his wife, he becomes a slave of the wife. I want to tell you that if you have to become a slave in life and everyone has to become someone or the other, that is according to your horoscope.  Maths  If you look at it from this point of view then what is the problem in becoming a slave of your wife? Whose wife should you become a slave of? Should you be a slave of your parents or should you be a slave of the bus? Whose slave should you become? Think for yourself in your new marriage.  Whose action should be taken? Think about something, help someone a little, reduce it. Both are the wheels of a vehicle and a bicycle. Well, one is performing a function on the other, the air is being released, and the other one is helping it in some way, because that bicycle will run. No, okay, this is slavery, this is the view of the society, girls are being taught wrong, they are being taught very wrong and their desires are being awakened in the wrong way, nothing is going to happen after marriage, why do I roam around in these terms of God? How will you go, that 25 year old, that 25 year old, on the job, where is the time, brother, that was the time of 18, 19, 17, 16, 15, 19, 20, 22, 21. You and your mother were at your father's house. Father had a good family. Middle class people can roam around comfortably, where if you can't roam around, then 2 can roam with 3 people. Okay, the country is not that poor.  They can roam freely, whatever they want. Ask your daughters, 'Brother, is it okay? You will get married in four-five years. Tell me what do you want? Simran, I want to toughen Europe once. Amrish Puri had sent me in 1995, okay.'  It was released in 95, so the date of the movie is now 2023, what is the problem now, okay, so I hope that the topic seems relevant to you people, I have done three-four episodes of my studies, it is becoming a big hit and many people are liking it.  I am also making people a consultant, in a way, if you can become one, then how can you study? If you have not seen those three, then I have posted a playlist for them, go to the playlist separately and watch it. I have three such studies, you must watch them and how do you like such videos? Please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.