Hello friends, in today's video I will tell you about two mistakes that are happening in your kitchen. If both of these are happening then please confirm in the comment section and we will improve it. It is a very easy improvement. It is going to be a very short video. Must be shown to the wife. Women have to share among themselves. Share in the family group. There will be a maestro for a little while. The first thing of the revolutionaries is the first thing which is going wrong like we are making rotis, we are making chapatis.  There is a mistake in the way chapattis are being prepared and there is exactly a mistake in it. And listen to this, I see it happening in 99% of the houses or places. You tell me, it is happening in your house, it is not happening. You have placed the pan on the pan, the roti is getting hot.  You did this, the roti became round, okay, the dough is kneaded, you made logs from it and made the roti by doing this, after that, you put it on your pan, as soon as you put it on the pan, put it once, then you put it on the pan.  We did it upside down, after that there is a tongs or we held it with the tongs, then we did it on the side and the gas that is going on, the gas news is going on today, on top of that, the rotis are puffed up like this in some houses, in some houses.  20% of the maids are being done by old women, old means slightly elderly women, no one knows everything, maybe it is not happening in those houses, but I am in touch with them and when I check this, is this something else there in your house?  This is not happening  What is wrong in this, listen carefully, that thief, Lord, this is the opinion of Gas Limited that your roti is increasing and I am explaining it to you, you heat it from above, heat it from below and when you put it on it directly on  So that fire from outside comes from here and from above and when it swells, the upper part of it is very thin, it gets cooked but the lower part, the inner portion, remains a child, if you understand this.  I am telling you to check how much roti is made today. Break it like this. Make the upper portion like this and touch the lower portion with your finger like this and feel the whole well like this. You will feel that the dough will not feel cooked at all as if the roti was being felt from the top outside, it is below.  I was suffering from diabetes, I was not feeling the same from inside, but no one used to check it, by the way, after breaking it, he would put more on it and eat it immediately. And those who eat such rotis after cooling them, they have more stomach juice, so it is a very important thing. What should you do? What is the right way? The right way is to put the roti on the broken one and never remove the pan. Okay, the roti will be cooked only on the pan and a part of the cloth. What do the ladies say?  I will make it, I will write what is that thing called, a cloth is more like this and som, it is pressed like this, it has to be pressed, but that too, but it will not open in a second like that, the roti will be cooked very well, it is difficult to make roti. It will take 3645 seconds more time, this will take 3.5 seconds more time, I have checked the time out, it will take only 349 seconds more but our women should not give even 5 seconds to this strip, or you don't know or you don't know anything, everyone is in a hurry on the match. Brother, suppose I have to make 10 rotis, then 89 minutes will take a little more time, but the taste of the roti will be very good. I know those in your life who are children and who are subconscious and also eat less food.  If he eats three chapattis, then he is not eating that many chapattis. This work has to be done. This is a very small one for you. There is a lot of content like this. I have a channel to worry about life. The name is Bhilai Sutras. There is a lot of content in this. If you are liking this type of video, then leave like this and say more content like this. First tell me that the roti was being made wrong, tell me, now I am telling you the second thing about the roti, I told you how to make it.  going places  There is a taste in the roti, that is also very important and I will also give a tip on kneading the dough in some time. Many people roam around for a very short time. Once he gets angry, then after that, if you fry him more, then  And tasty and batter roti will be prepared. Fry it for 3 to 4 more minutes than you are feeling. Yes, it has happened that acid flour has been taken in it. Men will be able to vote, friends forward it to their wives, first understand yourself, hands and more in.  Your Home Your Benefit Cost Come and See the Difference in the Stomach Intestine and after that if you like it then please listen again. Quick comment. Yes, it's been seven days now, I have done this and enjoyed it a lot. You have to do this one, Roti Ko Tawa.  Don't move away, roti will be made on the tawa only, it wo n't be so much needed, those who make it with tongs, in hostels, in hotels, everything is done quickly till the same work is done at home also. Then went home food, did n't know what to eat, did not make progress and then eat in the hotel, ok second thing, the mistake you are making, listen carefully, it is your mistake, yes, the masala you have to add is masala, that is, even speaking is below.  There is a mistake in the presence of hydride in spices. After watching this video, immediately go to your kitchen, whatever is your masala, open it and look at it. Now after watching the video, there is salt in it, there is mixed turmeric, it is coriander powder.  In this way different you Spices are lying there, there is a spoon, you will look carefully, your salt will be visible in white, you may see some turmeric in it, you can see some red chilli pieces inside the turmeric, why look at the spoon and what a very beautiful thing it is. People do not add this spice or that spice like this, you do not have to do this as far as the solution is that in reality these spices will be concepts but this video will go on for 4 minutes and 5 minutes more to explain a lot about the spices.  see completely That this information was not being understood, still no one is telling us. Well, when we see that it is fun, we go somewhere to eat, somewhere there is such a place, ours is famous, its open is famous or some big high quality dish is served to you.  Labh dal is fine like this, Laddu dal is famous in Rohtak, so how are the things, then I wonder there, do they do different things in the test, they do n't tell which spices are yours on your friends, now I am here SP has worked.  If he is not going to increase it then  Don't run away but that whole game of spices, you see this, spices have their own frequency, the things that are put inside the pulao, the cinnamon, bay leaves and the paper and things like that, they are different things, they have different frequencies. These powdered spices should not be kept near them, so many times this happens to people, why is there tension in the house? Do this for a week, put your spices inside the bowl and do not mix them with a spoon. Try that all the things  Apart from these small rivers or try to open the ones which used to come here earlier, nowadays they move here, then you open the cover on the individual lying inside and put them in this way by opening the face cover because it is the rainy season.  I have seen that there are spices in many houses, Uttam Mishra goes and I am a little closer, that person, his fragrance is not good, on top of that, you half just understand why the logic of spices which returns Subodh Fixed Deposit Test and explain what you get if you keep all the spices in the masala water, then is all their water being converted into water? Think about whatever they are limiting, is it not mixed and your coriander powder, your garam masala, yours, yours, someone's only?  If there is asafoetida, people normally keep it separately. As soon as you keep it separately, you will make small divas out of it and cook it in some different way. The taste of the food will increase a lot. You will not do the frequency class at home.  Instantly you will see that whatever happiness and peace you have, it is less or more, it will increase, where there were a lot of troubles, you must have reduced them, look at that water in life, human behavior, anything has to be improved, even people do not get hung up on these things. Bigg Boss Many people have audio and this does little, yes no, this does not happen, neither would it be like landing, everything would be fine, what do something ultimately, you see, somewhere the frequency is putting it in the food, that food is going inside us.  Whatever is going inside us, as is the food, so is our mind, everything melts from that itself. If you are also a source of this, then the first was bread, second was masala, masala in water. As far as possible, do not keep the spices separate and  Don't think about things at all, things which used to be separate, which do not come in quarters and if possible, there will definitely be a little trouble in it, but I have put some happiness-prosperity-peace, things in hotels, good response etc. So friends till date. Things which are told to him and said with an absolutely and that earlier he and the Maharaj used to prepare the food, he was the Maharaj, Maharaj ji will come and cook the food and all those things will happen, then the Maharaj will be at the level of those who used to cook and would allow anyone to enter the kitchen.  They did not allow people to enter that kitchen because there was an issue of untouchability. They also allowed people to enter because someone would come and spoon this, someone would spoon this spice, these packets of ours are open in our homes.  Also see, I kept it open in the spice packets, there is a pattern somewhere, there are no side effects, it is in fact inside a box so that their romance can come out, romance was speaking in the correct year, so 3000's consideration which you have taken name consideration of video  I liked it, please share it with people. Share it with maximum people in the family. Two mistakes women can correct like this. So all the husbands are watching the wives. I understood. Please comment, people should install it, it will work fast, but it is not as fast as I told, so I hope if there is anything related to it, you can post it in the comment section, if it is ok, then I will answer it, thank you, hey ugh.