That Hello friends, two campaigns which I have set up now, you know and subscribe this in a part with Winters, want support in Gurgaon real estate market and you tell and you agree with this and note in the first movie, the mind of square feet rate on G.  What is the rate of curd, how much is the rate, after imposing a tax on idli, CID serial, CGST situation, then the chances of the judge will remain after that, they will give, from this issue, you will give, meaning the man is of no place.  The person who remains interested, I don't know the exact price, everyone thinks that the total discom is worth lakhs, can we tell the rate per square foot, I am super area and super area, I will tell you that carpet area is also important, carpet is also important. But super is necessary because the juice of carpet area is made mandatory at 70%, Rani will be of super area, I will explain that in this video also, but I will talk about the rate of caro super area.  I can say that the rate is ₹ 808 and the rest can be ₹ 100 up or down. My PLC is more than half, I am not interested that the work of the builder is being done and what is he getting for it.  It is great, the rate of Big Gold is so much, so much per gram, the rate is ₹ 5000 per gram, then there is the making charge, this charge, GST, so much, so much, so much so that by adding one per gram, we can tell you that our everything.  Android and further breakdown in this, if this bread is pizza bread then it should be given, put the bread but when the initial thing has to be done because what is that, the man comes to the market thinking that the thing will be available for Rs 1 crore in his mind because of the messages he has received and when  He sits and the sheet comes. When the final talk is done, it comes out to be Rs. 125. Then in 125 there is Rs. 245. Even if lakhs of rupees are being discarded, it will still be worth Rs. 119. Where did he get the same thought?  Where else would she spend her 119 years, then her time would also be wasted and your time would also be wasted. You have to know, it is not like that if she marries someone without showing his face, then today no one will marry without seeing his face.  I am not getting married. Literally, when I used to sleep, these things used to happen that I just didn't see that there will be a marriage, but how much you will hide that thing, that thing will come out someday and you will come to know about it. If you have called him, then this is a marketing tactic. Many people are comfortable with those things.  call that call  Do that, you get the job, then you feel cheated and trapped, then whatever real estate is expensive campaign, we will have to ask for such customers - people who are involved in marketing and sales and those people and the builder Wirecrate, tell them this is this and that.  Tell me that you will get less than this, sometimes what happens is that you do not want to tell the weight, it is also agreed that someone will get the discount and the pot butt ballpark figure, then tell me brother, this is the rate, it can be less than this, please more.  It will not happen because even today he is not able to understand that there are 18,000 different rates on one and a half thousand websites of the same project, in some DC ADC account has not been done, in some the base price plus has been given, whether the chest is GST containing or the list is fine in some.  How will I hold a position in any 4G legal charges? I say, I will take that again. It is a Haryanvi word that means anything. It is like a milkman, neither does he throw it away like this four more times.  Then he adds so much more just to set it at a low price, then these charges are like this, why don't we even discuss this, this is all decided in the rate, then it becomes known that the position should be legal, even if the trap is clever, then it is 20 clear-cut, tell me the square feet, this was my first one, the second one is a bit theoretical, all the brochures are there in my time, why do we get to see foreign women, foreign people, I have seen the top ones also, see the bottom ones too, the media people.  Have also seen me at a very high level, many times when we go to meet in different ways, there is consultation to discuss the products, then I made these points, when I came to the country, what is the Indian face, what surprises me, what Indian fashion is ready to mix with what I hear.  So in People Don't No Entry they don't seem like that foreign woman lying down wearing a swimming costume. Okay, so it makes the project very good. That woman you have never seen in the project, she is only in the brochure.  If only we can see, then why are we so mean Sardar ji, we are our children, no matter how we look, we are normal but Bhayandar Sardar ji Oye Sardar ji, she is Indian, but still there is a doubt that I don't know.  Whose hobby is that, that record is also their own people, our own children, take photos, they too used to be happy, they do n't look happy, now I am a little hurt and pained that one of the objectives of the channel is to bring happiness and that too, so it means that  Advertisers are that, I am also the public, all this is that means the public wants that means that this is the fair skinned part, rose is a thing of slavery, not madam, people live here, sir, people live here, then we too will go, so this  There is a theory, I don't know how many fuel is angry, is it news or not? In case of drama, I make videos myself and tell people that Sachin should be there and not so much in everything.  Have a big heart, keep it tight, here I am facing a lot of trouble, Vikas, you can take any video of his, the work will start for four-five minutes, all the foreigners are playing in it, okay, your project is from Sadar Bazar.  Keep the foreign traffic close to you, okay, our women who are our mothers, my sisters, who are my sisters, well, do you understand that when a man turns 70, he would have gone a little, then why don't you show the real ones who are real happy and one more thing, I want to tell you.  that a project lasts seven-eight years  There are viruses in it from a long time ago, so put the photo of the initial virus, na peene he bidaai a satisfied, happy, put Joel virus in it, you should also write your number name, flat number, tower number, please tell that it is purchased here.  But please record their video and post that we had taken it, we liked it very much, it is time now, Satisfied with A Siyaram's response, after purchasing the Vikas property, a lot of customer care work goes on, Siyaram Mandal is the one who is responsible for all the things.  We should go aside and pick up all of them, meaning those people are foreigners and by the way, so many smooth fruits are coming which are not available in India, it is okay if they come from outside, then that thing should not be shown so much, that means according to me, it is okay.  Because then somewhere it is A, meaning I do n't think it is right in principle. Before telling what you all think about this, I am sure you all will agree with me. Vacation new send wish pick, if not sent then leave it.  What do you mean by discounts?  So how much are you giving, tell me the total, how much should you give to me now, you will get it like this, you will get it like this here, disco disco dance, stop doing this but it is called square feet, there are two payment plans, there are so many rupees square feet in this payment saliva, saliva on this  If there are so many of them, then the difference that a person makes is that he has to calculate all the payments in his mind, everything is at this price day only thing, many times it becomes a matter of convincing that what does it take for you to do, like ordering a soup.  Let's do it, he takes one whole, someone takes it in two hands so that after cleaning them, there are some other items for drinking and other items, so it is convenience, he thinks that it is good, he sees it, then payment plan is just convenience, which everything you get?  On this price day, the price of the construction linked will be the lowest, where you have to pay in doodle, the price on that quintal of scotch is eight percent. This day of eight and a half hours is lucky and I don't have it right now. I have to give this much in minutes, so explain that thing at that level and tell me how did you like the video, share it. Thank you.