Hello friends, two very important issues of the middle class, beyond which no one is talking, but you can say that the middle class is worried, beyond which, what language is this? They speak in Marathi. Yes, they speak. It is hurting a lot. Middle  We will also discuss the class and what effect it is having on that and beyond that and I will tell them what these issues are. You guys agree, there are two very big issues, so tell me and beyond this, immediate action is needed and the government.  There is an intervenor, first of all there is always a problem with the poor, there is always a problem with the farmers too, okay then there is a problem with the employment and then the work is done in such a way that yes, they should be dealt with first and they are the ones who are talked about all the time.  But these are two practical issues and there will also be a matter of inflation, petrol has become so big, cooking gas will become so big, the two biggest issues of the middle class are high fees for school education and second is property and real estate becoming so expensive, rent being so expensive. Now the property is worth lakhs and crores, so who cares but how many people it affects, you tell me and the school fees are increased by the school owners like this and the one who is the father is also the mother, isn't she?  They do n't even care because they think that if they care about it, they will be declared poor, this middle class person will be declared too much in their own eyes, someone else will say, everyone is already paying the fees, everyone is feeling stressed, everyone together.  pay fees  Parents don't go, nowadays everything is online etc., they have become a vape of the schools, they keep giving money to the students, sometimes they will change the school uniform, sometimes they will replace the useless books and so on, not death by 100 not 1000 cuts little by little.  We keep doing a little bit, if we do something at once then we do n't understand it, but you know all of them, my middle class is my base audience, my core audience, you tell me this.  How much has the fees increased in last 5 years because they don't even let us know every year, people will increase the tuition fees a little, then they will say that there is 3D printing, then they will add some computers, every time they increase the fees, someone will say something like Einstein.  They are making children go out, neither are they getting college clearance nor are they getting competitive clearance, tuition has to be increased separately, coaching has to be given separately, even after 12th they are not getting college, if they are getting college then there is no job.  That is the truth but here this is the biggest issue and in this context I will also talk about real estate and beyond that I will tell you what you can do, first of all the issue has to be raised, no matter where the voice goes, the issue is raised there.  There is also talk in Parliament, that channel is Guruji from Gurugram, it is my channel, I will give the link of that channel in the comment section, please subscribe to it, if its subscribers will increase, then there will be an amplifier effect because most of the politics and news are there there.  Political issues are discussed here, everyday issues, your family life, Sango life sutra, this is a little different, you all know, whoever is a subscriber of this channel, but here I am giving the link, please subscribe on that channel.  So what is the negative impact of this? A dispensation has come in the middle class to understand carefully by looking at the youngsters who have given birth to one child and are not having another one because of the school fees, who have not married.  He doesn't want to do it because where will he get the house because when his wife comes, she will ask for a separate house or will ask for rent because she is also one. People like us have shared that knowledge, then due to high real estate and high school fees, middle class people get married.  Children are not doing it, no one goes on the path of wisdom and consciousness, then they will wander around and do something or the other, but right now they are not doing it and this issue will make the middle class of our country disappear.  There will be a big lower middle class. People will either become rich or people will become lower middle income people, the poor will become less. These middle class people become the middle class. Nowadays, it is very difficult to explain the definition of middle middle and middle class.  It has become a topic of pain but I am saying that if you pay tax then you are middle class. Generally it means in a very loose sense that if you do not pay tax then you are not middle class. Do not think that because middle class is Only she pays tax. If you are not paying tax, that is, you are not paying tax because you do not have that much income. Do you know the slabs? Now the budget is also coming, then you can say that you are poor. Is it not a matter of blaming me or not? I am earning Rs. 7 lakhs.  So, I earn not Rs. 60000, but Rs. 7 lakh can save tax. If he knows, then what I am trying to say is that raise these issues, raise the issue of school students, brother, your infrastructure is old. A school was built not yesterday. Why are you increasing something like this by so much? Those increments and salaries are not increasing. Salaries in jobs are not increasing like that and people are also losing their salaries. Once you are hitting mid 40's in corporate rise.  This is not happening, they are being removed in cost cutting, it is becoming a matter of great pain and concern and these are two such expenses that a man cannot run away from, who has got married, who has got married  Children have already paid school fees, rent, stroke of property price, whoever has bought his house, his children have studied, he will sit peacefully, but there is a large section of the middle class, there are millions of people whose children are studying and they have first  I would like to give one more idea also  That there should be such a system that you educate each other in the society, but a separate video will be made on that as to how practical it is because everybody ca n't follow Akshar Srivastava ji, who is a big financial influence, his model and not his own child.  He teaches but he spends more, so he is different, he is saying that it is time wasted, for him it is not about money, for him it is about exposure, okay but For the middle class, it is all about money also, the school fees are so high, can the child be taught in any other way in a cheaper and better way because the school will give you exposure, you will get to recite poems and you will have to go on stage. Nowadays, middle class parents who studied in government schools or not so great schools feel that by sending them to these expensive schools, they are protecting their child's future. Because parents, everyone in India wants to do good for their children, but what is the value for money? Is he getting good in actual, that is the question. That is the question, is he getting good in actual? Brothers and sisters, this is the question.  You guys tell me and as far as property is concerned, it is under direct government control, if EDC IDC GST is taken at Rs 1 in affordable housing then it is affordable.  Housing deficit cannot be changed. Will the definition of Rs 45 lakh remain the same in this budget? 45 and 650 carpet area. Can't we make it 750 and 75 lakh. When inflation will be this much, yes, flats are coming for Rs 45 lakh. Tell me today.  Where are you coming and in which city am I coming? I also have property work of my own. Okay, so why will these houses be so expensive? Now if the houses are expensive then the rents will be expensive. Now it's like this.  So, the rent for a house worth Rs 2 crore will come to Rs 12000, that too will be expensive, so it is artificially very high, the builder increases the rate, it is there, but the government also forces to delay the licenses, it can be built in three years to four years.  If the thing is to be taken to six-seven years, then the pollution is so much that NGT bans are imposed, if there is a delay then there is only one reason for the system. Can income tax rebate be given? Section 24 too, which is stuck at Rs 2 lakh since long, can it be increased? What kind of positive steps can we see in this budget? Can we make the real estate industry the industry's real estate industry? Some such status can be given, the government can give incentives to the builder to bring the things a little cheaper or some cap can be imposed or some rental housing can come controlled by the government, it is okay within the market where every time what  We have seen that build houses for the poor, build houses for the poor, the poor sell their houses and then go to slums in big cities because after building it, they gave it for three to four lakhs, they sold it for Rs. 25, 30, 50 lakhs and then they are there again.  It is gone, can we control this that brother, you cannot sell it to anyone, you will have to pay the rent, not you, it will be given on rent to someone else, it will be given to anyone on rent, if you get it then it is better, at least if you get it then it is better so that the things are out of hand.  No  Go because it makes me laugh, I do n't know how much you people know, the price of petrol pail, the price of petrol, it is only Rs 9500, it is a lot, oh brother, you check how much it was 10 years ago, how much it was 20 years ago.  And when you put it in Excel, you will get only 3, 4, 5. Look how much the other things have increased, the man will still go to the public transport for petrol, but the middle class is not ready to send the child to a government school.  There is also a third issue of health care, I will raise it again some other time but this one is for the people in their 30s and early 40s who are not yet worried about health care because they are not that old yet but it is directly affecting them.  And the reason due to which a man is not marrying and not having children, is he not affecting the society? Are these two issues very important? I have not come up with any special invention but these issues are not being discussed.  On these two that brother  Will you stop crying about real estate or not? The builder has made the rate high, he has made it high, he has done that, the stamp duty, the government's duty is as much as this, brother, why are you taking it at 88, what great work you are doing, are you there?  But you have added convenience, you take the builder buyer agreement money, then you take EDC, IDC, there are pot holes outside, you mean, something is not being handled well by you and on top of that, you take money after money.  You are not talking about doing anything less, people are refusing to marry here, if someone migrates to a foreign country then what is this meaning middle class so I can say it is a dying class of India meaning dying class in  The sense is not literally dying but it means it will not exist because no more children will be born then what is the class if it tells you where the country is progressing that if a man cannot marry and have children then this is the basic foundation is n't it?  So  It is a basic thing, a normal thing of life, it is a right which is called Right to Life, Right to Marriage, Right to Have Kids, why is it being snatched away, the lower class is doing it comfortably because the lower class can hear all the things.  80 crore people are being given food and drink, they are getting a voice in the villages, everything is happening, they are having great fun, I am talking about these issues in a very technical manner.  In the specifics, I will raise my Guruji from Gurugram channel. With folded hands, I request you all to subscribe to that channel also because that Bhopu will be played there, there will be a lot of noise, it will reach the Parliament here, a little on everything, but you cannot go and do that.  Everyone also knows, okay, here you can easily do your work as mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, and the peace of life remains the same because here I do not want to carry emotions like that because every channel says the same thing.  Every type of hotel has its own vibes, some are resorts, some are adventurous, some are city hotels, some are in the mountains, so this one is a bit relaxing, so I don't love emotions that much here, but it is middle class.  That I can say that in a few years, I have been raising the issue since last 4 years, world middle class has started coming in, politicians have also started speaking and you have to clearly state in your section that yes, both these issues are very important, absolutely.  Let us tell you that this child's fee used to be Rs. 7,8000 which was high at that time but now it has increased to Rs. 17,18,000 and it is going on increasing because politicians play a big role in real estate and also in schools.  Do you know that there is a direct role in education, they also control, that is why no one discusses here that this will definitely happen, just imagine, open your eyes and the model of many politicians is 1015 schools.  They are getting employment from it, they are earning a lot of money and they are shining their politics. This is also a model. Now the common man cannot open a school. It is okay that is why more people cannot come to schools. Why has the land become so expensive, so now these  Hey, I came to school 40 years ago, what is the worst thing. If the school teachers don't pay so much money, if they charge so much fees, the quality of the teachers is also not that great. The teachers are unhappy separately. No matter how good the teacher is.  It happens after a stage that he thinks that he has command over the subject, I am a good teacher, he leaves the school and starts teaching on his own or he goes somewhere else, this one will go to his own academy, this one will go to this one, this one from Physics and so on.  This means that Aman Dhatarwal ji is all these people, that is, they are also doing good work, but he will go along with all this and any good teacher will not stay in the school, who will pay his head for 30,40,50,700 thousand?  Whereas the school fees are so high that the star teachers who are good teachers can easily be paid salaries up to lakhs and 1.25 lakhs. It is okay but no, the poor teacher will have to do 253 Hajj daily with her saree tied, get up early in the morning and come in the bus.  That means so much effort and it means nothing. I would like to address the teachers here. I keep doing webinars and workshops for the teachers also. If you are a teacher and you are listening to me in your life.  May good happen to you because unless good happens to you, this country will not do good. This is also a fact. How to do good personally? Those who do not do good in school, brothers and sisters, whatever teacher community is listening to me, then if you are a teacher.  So, we got WhatsApp 2 connected somewhere else on the given number. So this brother, why should we pay so much money for it? You understand what I am saying, I am coming here and putting the change here, I am not telling you what you do because of me.  You don't even have faith in your platform, you don't even know that if you go out, you will join someone, then he will suck your blood, it is fine for you, he will give 70,800 Hajj, but he will suck your soul worth two lakh two and a half lakh, this is also a fact somewhere.  You will go out, yes, you will be better than the school, but there is no freedom there too. Teachers should have the feeling that teachers are like this. You have seen people with maternal and maternal grandparents, how can they be like this?  There should be a boycott, I want only the teachers to boycott these schools, then these schools will come to their senses and when the parents raise their voice, no education is taking place in any of the schools, this is how the entire education system has become, there is no one to speak.  I am not ashamed and so much money is being given, I will tell you one thing carefully, if you send a child to a very cheap school and you also educate him, work hard for him, don't give up and whatever is this fee.  If you save 000 rupees then its brothers and sisters, if you do SIP for 15 years like Ankur Wari Ku ji tells and in % then you will get one crore, give that ₹ crore to your child when he does 12th, son, your daughter, your sexy school.  I did not teach you but look, today you are 18 years old, one crore rupees are in your account on the very first day because after doing everything, it is worth Rs 0000 because it will be shut down because the fees will be shut down.  If yes, then you can also think in this way, I am talking about the middle class, how much I am talking about out of the box thinking, yes, people will say no to you, if the child does not study well, then oh brother, that job of Rs 40,000.  I don't see him looking forward, then look at the people who are teaching him, where are they going, no, his personality will not be good if he goes to such a school, hey, he will be very good, your personality is fine, your grandfather's is fine, is everyone's personality fine?  These people are making you, not you, you can make their personality, you don't know English or can't do other work or ca n't give ideas like us, hey, I will tell you another way, that's why I am saying that it is a blue ocean opportunity, all the teachers should join. After pregnancy and having a child, she has stayed at home. Those who were ever teachers or wanted to become, also join. There is nothing else, they just built a building and gathered teachers. I want to say that I also earn money by imparting knowledge. Do I need a school? Will I teach you also? If you want, more students will come, whose teacher will be as good as you are in actual.  You will get that much, it is a simple thing, schools can be boycotted, I will tell you the method and when schools are boycotted, why are the children not having children because the fees are high, see how cruel the schools are, this, this, this thing.  They don't release that children will come to India less, otherwise they feel that they will not keep coming and one day, two, four, five years or seven years later, it will happen that people like us start following and other people give the idea and schools too.  This will happen, will we have to reduce the fees or will Y not send us? Brother, we have to give only one exam. Go somewhere and study. What a great thing is happening in Personality 222000 school in Gurgaon.  Have you seen what the condition is? It is a rich boys club. Hey brother, those who have so many notes, what problem does the middle class have? The rich's child is also going to the same school and the middle class is going to it because it is not so.  There is no school for the ultra rich, there is only a limit and the middle class does not care about the rich by sending their children there, he does not want to prepare his child for competition, he has a lot of money, he will send it directly.  In a foreign country, yes, his life is set. A middle class person, after spending so much of his money in school, will become tired when the time comes for college, or if you have done it in college, then it is completely tired and if you do not get a job, Then the child's job is not over, you have given your all and those who get scared after hearing these things of mine say, Guruji, don't do anything, we did not play the game, we did not play, we did not do it, where will we go, we will go to awaken wisdom, intelligence and consciousness, we will do something big.  Will work, will do great work in life  If you leave these small tasks then please join Atlist Teachers, because only the teachers will change and the parents, I have raised this issue correctly and I have raised the issue of real estate correctly, so tell me, these are two such expenses, there is only one way to escape from this.  Do n't get married and those people are saying that, keep living with your parents, don't buy a house, neither will you get a wife nor will you get the chance to buy a house and where will you go to school if you don't even have a child, if you don't get married then both  This will happen due to problem and if this is the problem then if this life long expenditure is stopped then we should go to the Parliament to raise this issue. The budget is coming, the middle class needs relief, they give relief to the poor, they give it to the corporates, they give it to the rich.  They give middle class, like that middle child, three children, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no one would ask for the first-born, no, that small child, that small child, that little child, no one would ask about it. How did you speak against the leader like this, he is so good, he has taken photographs there, he takes photographs so well, I do not make this a political channel, he is having fun there, Guruji from Gurugram, subscribe to the channel, it will be a support to you.  And if you subscribe, please write in the comment section, thank you very much.