Hello friends, it is July 1, I have come with one advice and two warnings, then don't say that I did not tell you earlier, I have to tell you one thing first, when I am on the ground, then I can relate it to you. Congratulations to all the government employees. Three percent increment. One.  It happens every year in July. Why am I congratulating because I will address them also in my advice which I will give later. Let's start first with two warnings. The first warning has been increased to 100 percent in affordable housing.  This is a commercial area when the government had announced that now the size of the shops will increase, this raid will also increase a little but the shops will be sealed now just like potatoes and onions are sold by showing the size, earlier the coat was 2KG, now what you are getting is 4KG. I have posted the commercial of Formula Society Shops, I have to follow only that, now you should also see this, you are getting a shop of 500 square feet, so this is going to come now, two knots  Affordable housing shops are very high in quantity, avoid them, marketing is very strong, no one can find out about it, they will remove you in two months, yes, they will remove you in one and a half month, be afraid, they will remove you, if you give Rs 2 lakh, then this story is in the profit of 1224.  No one is able to come out because I have come for those who used to get this ultimate, the servants from Hisar or the government employees who were in different far away places, so now they will not be able to take what you got on 1st June.  Those who are giving confidence to those who are giving confidence, have now started getting the knowledge that customers are becoming aware of taking calls from Hisar-Bhiwani Bahadurgarh Jhajjar Kaithal-Jind, brother, so the smart investor who was there will not get united, now this I  First of all, I am telling you that those who have entered should come out and see for themselves, they will know whether they have read RC, that is a saying, meaning you try it, and what is going to come now, I have told you because.  That area has become too much. Practically, we cannot make more shops because 140 will be made into consoles. 50 hots are being made up to 70. In affordable housing, we can make more shops. If the allotment has become more, the area will make more. Record way, cost is not in tow's favour.  Have nails and see how much the shop will cost you. What kind of business will be done here? I have made a video of a commercial on the society shop. Go and watch it. This was Warming Warning, Dwarka. Expressway Dwar's Expressway page, which are launched before June 2018 and are normal Madhavan, do not spend on them. A lot of questions are coming now. Now it was to win Rs 1 crore 5 and it is available in Abhishtha Life. Name of the 72nd project is  Don't tell them, don't buy to crush them, it has nothing to do with you, is there a reason to bring them to the Exact, because of that their rates are kept low, there are very big reasons, there are many such  There are student projects which are also being taken up. There are many products where you thought 75 lakhs for 3ph or the rate is less, they are not shutting their mouth, their mouth was open since last six years, now someone has come to fix something and that too for three years.  -Four years of accounting and then the thing will be made without the same and old one, so you people have so many queries, which of those projects should not be touched, how many projects are there on you on Dwarka Expressway from 1962 to 114, less than ads.  There are less than 10 to 12 projects, not just one, 10 to 12, they are available today at 15 twenty twenty five percent less price than the rate at which they were launched. There is no value in them, talk about money, don't talk, it should be ready and open.  They are looking good to stay on rent but they do not need to take it, so this was my warning. Second, now coming to the advice, the month of July has started, monsoon season is about to start in July.  The months of August-September are paste, profit seconds are best for buying property. I knew it is March, I made a video on it. I asked why it happens, what is the reaction. I have heard on all the stories but second waste is July, August-September.  Because weddings take place in October-November, many properties become ready to move due to tax restructuring and resale. One thing will happen in these good locations now because those who are getting married, someone will get this kind of money.  If you want to take out activities and property, then this is the time to come. Liquor will start in September, if friends are not there then this is the next month, this is the second month for the person to go and see the property, the basement is not filled with water, anyway, give a flight.  It was found out that the vehicles worth Rs 3-4 crore are floating in July-August, so this is the best time to buy property. Secondly, the cost of construction is increasing a lot. Sir, its rate has increased by Rs 55 thousand.  The price of cement has increased from Rs 73,000 per ton, the cost of cement has increased from Rs 350 to Rs 440, the side spot has increased, the cost of ply board has increased, the cost of plumbing material has increased. It is inevitable for the builder to increase the price, so if Now, if anyone is thinking of buying a property in your area in 1015-25 days, then take it away as per your wish, I will not give any specific advice on that. People on call process are in tension, people in expressway project, people in Timbuktu, all over India. This thing is applicable because when the cost increases, the builder cannot hold the price for a long time. Do you know about the interest rates which are expected to come down in the future? Increment has already been imposed by government people, many people have passionate targets who live far away, they can call and clear the table, housing is affordable housing but if they have not taken flight then now total voter has started.  In the beginning they are taking small steps, the Chancellor of UP has not come, there is something from Haryana, he will be dishonored because it was the very first day, if anyone wants to get an idea or take help, then you can connect with me, construction cost is increasing. Time to take decision, do not touch commercial growth, then the video on that which I have promised, I have to make it but it should be a short one for double, the air play is going to start in it, I have given clarity before starting.  Let me tell you that there is no value in anything by increasing the size. In commercial, it does n't matter to anyone that one has to give a linter and make it, the cost of it is nothing. It is a big cloth for the maker, what is there inside it?  It happens that you can get as many things made as you want, as many as you want, get them made as old as you want, because you must have worked there, how much money will you earn, how much money will you earn, how much profit will you make, only from that you will pay the rent and do backward calculations from that rent.  Look, the cost of some things is increasing, how much should be the value, I have defined it in my video, do watch that video and government employees, your salary will also increase by 12%, 13% when visualized, the month of September and October will come, it is from the animals only.  But inflation will also increase, wages will also increase, hence the value of money will also decrease, so those who are at comfort level can take the decision today, this is the first time of normal rains.  No one goes and buys property normally in this season, but this is a very good time to find a property that is ready to move in, in a good location and that too in a good time because I knew the logic, marriage in Navratri and that Diwali.  Those who are around, the time for the properties which open in the month of November, weddings are held, starts now, the properties which come in the market, tell us how did you like the video for the removal, subscribe to the channel.  Please share the link and add some subscribers to your friends and relatives. Thank you very much.