Hello friends, 3 announcements and all subscribers, first announcement, I have launched a new YouTube channel, I Sango Real Estate. Those of you who are crazy about real estate were here because of vertical, now the crowded space on this channel has become enough, so an exclusive channel.  It is a request to all of you for the launch, there is no such person who does not have interest in real estate in his life. It is pan India as per your wish and your city is also included in the top 21 cities. John sir, you will tell me, you will do it, okay, you write the name, the link of the channel will be at the top of the comment section, there will be a request in the description, do it like this, and after doing it, write it in the comment section also, if you have done it then it will be very good.  It will appear and write the name of your city in the comment section, whatever it may be, I will tell you some cities, Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Greater Noida, then I will do Dehradun, Chandigarh Tricity, Nagpur, Lucknow.  Jaipur Pune Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Hyderabad Visakhapatnam Patna Pathankot I am ready to do it ok Ambala want to do Ambala Kurukshetra is from Haryana so every Haryana belongs to me so I am from Haryana so Narwana and Kaithal and Fatehabad also want to do it then that too is ok  I mean, you have a buffet. Yes, there is no such channel of real estate. Okay, you will get to see my face like this, Raju, I will not act as a guide and tell you to watch this, watch that, watch like this, but what I will show you will be like.  I am samjhaunga, no one can explain it, please subscribe to that channel, you will enjoy it, you will get complete information, you will get very good videos, you will get it very fast, the meaning will be small, you will be able to make conjunctions, like who feeds you golgappas and does not feed you golgappas, then it is as if you eat as one. So the next one will go, then the one will remain like this or you played Tambola 2 * 22 3 and 2 32 ok next line this line on whoever played  Hey brother, what all did you say, is it going to be such fun? If it is yours like John, Ahmedabad, then I have forgotten, it is okay, Ahmedabad is also okay, Kota is okay, take Bikaner, want Bikaner, and tell me your city, take Indore from Indore, Bhopal, Jabalpur too. Tell me, I want to go to Puri Puri. It is okay to go to Bhubaneswar. You who write, Banu, those who write, all the places are okay. Tell me the location outside India. Australia, real estate, you have to take it in Sydney, you will get to learn real estate, I will make a Gurukul. I am fine with that, Guru Tattva of Gurugram is awakening, Guru Ram's man will make his channel a Gurukul, join Gurukul, there is no fee for joining, even if you say download is expensive then make it cheap, that means people will not face any problem in going to the doctor. Make the treatment free, people will go to the lawyer also in trouble, he charges zero fee, it is okay, so on high understanding, I will tell you about the treatment in one by one 100 cost van, I will teach you people in even less than that. samjhaunga Happiness is Sports, join it, download the app, communication skills, teachers' salary for tennis, how to select a career, I am telling you the topics, you will get them on the app, when you download it, there will be destruction on it, and you will get the notification next Friday.  It's due. Okay, it's on alternate Friday at 8:00. Please join. Recording of all the webinars and all the things in life, whatever will be told, record.  Will also be done, keep it carefully, then you will have the trouble of all these things, how to give me a career, how to take it, I am getting this mess, I am sad, astrological consultation is also teaching me astrology, eat from everyone, learn fishing, what is that?  The dialogue is a saying, okay then learn it once, for how long will you keep giving money to all these people, learn to connect the template yourself, learn to connect the dots, do a lot of decision making, then please please join.  Do whatever you want, join and tell me, it's okay, download another app, all the notifications will come on Friday, you will become happy, you will become rich, so I do this very consciously because I am very anti-motivation, motivation is a drug, okay, like he is less of a drug addict.  Isn't he there, so there is no use of him, there was no other human than him, we all have got the human body, we all do not need motivation, you know, they look at you, right, for the biology, the chances of you being born. Like, how much have you accomplished, you should have more motivation than that, you are born as a human being, there is no need for motivation above this, so just reduce it and to reduce it, you need clarity, that is, if you have a torch then the torch will die. I am requesting you to do two-three things and write in the comment section thank you.