Hello friends Shiv, before telling the updates from Gurgaon real estate market update, a prediction reaction is that this quarter of July, August-September will be the best selling quarter and the results will be better than any July-September and quarter of the last five-six years.  You will know about this in October, so I tell you things two-three months in advance, there is no need of an astrologer, to be successful here, one should have data analytics and some connection with the ground, so the first update is yes, it is a project.  It was launched very expensive, Rs 17000, I call it the rate in a fit gym, add a little IDC and GST registration to it and let me tell you, the door rate becomes Rs 16000, if you increase it to Rs 17000, then it becomes dangerous, then a project of Rs 17000 is not clear and believeable.  It is happening, believe me, it is happening to you, then tell me, draw of lots, allotment has happened, draw of lots of double.  Brother, I used to think that flats worth up to Rs 4 crore 80 lakh were issued from parties saying that brother, this much of Chicago has been yours, should this one be the one, how much of it is lie and truth, we will know on 10th October when this builder will file his actual in Vera. Size Last time a builder had done such a thing that it sold out in the first second day, so it had 120 units, that too in the same neighborhood, the name has changed, the builder is very strong, only this much remains, so 120 units were sold, one tower.  It had come out and on the first or second day someone had also told me that I want to take a chair, Sodi Sodi, its childhood was written near the unit, so it could be that it is the target of the builder, I am interpreting it in such a way that it can be the target of the builder.  Whatever be the target, units will be released in that target, it will be actually known only who can hit the steps, but still I have tried from many sources but it is not known till 10th October comes, this is also a  It is a fact and I told you in a video how to do the inventory and check. Those who watch my 9:00 video, suddenly those of you who have watched the procedure for 2 hours must have got some idea about the procedure. Subscribe to the channel. If you don't even press the bell notification, when is the video of 9:00 today, what can you learn from it and if you do n't get it after 11:00, then it will be a mistake on your part, it does n't seem that fast, if you see it red.  If you are subscribed then read it and press the bell. Belt will go only after that and press it only then suddenly something will happen and you will know that let's move ahead, an affordable housing came, 700 plus applications in 2 hours on the first day, the market is very cold, no one has it.  I am not asking anyone, before that the people of that project had asked questions, is n't it in the forest, where is the road, it is not far, how will the rent come, what will happen, there should be questions, I am not showing anyone below but I want to tell you.  Am Affordable housing is not coming in the coming times. Google it and see all the top players in affordable housing. Those three-four names are Joshi's. He said that an article has been published on Google and see the signature of the accused in jail.  I am not able to read even two-three more, we are building it and when the builder is getting profit by cutting the plot in Deendayal, then the builder is not for social service and there is no app in it, Deendayal, please let me know.  16000 caveats can go, have gone, ca n't go, tell me where have they gone, tell me, are there any projects in six sectors, okay, so that is the order to be given and will be and this is a very big son, okay, now I am saying that  It will become difficult to unite affordable housing, so look for a good builder who has also built 1231 marking, he can also be trusted that one is being built, this is to give a chance to the new ones first, according to me. You do not need that today I have to make the first one and because the market seems to me that there will be difficulty in unifying the electricity rate, this is my personal opinion and it is absolutely fine for me to impose it, so you have to pinch and  If you want to take a new player who will only ask you the question that if this project is not ready then he should have a good track record and if you make it very big then the time of arrival will not be too much and if the license will not be required then it is not too much.  Whatever Jain has gone through, subscribe for him and he surrenders. Subscribe. If you don't understand that there is a builder who is fine and has delivered 24 and he will build it, I am speaking on a dirty drain. Singh with revenue way and high tension till the cremation ground only going to the project you can be affordable house you appoint the raw Shabbir wali because today if Shatrughan tricks me. He again became equal to him, my appointment was today, thousand salary, there are 180000 planets, he can come to everyone here, even autorickshaw drivers can come, he is not demeaning them too, I am not of any class, I am straight forward.  I am saying that those who will come out of illegal colonies will be rentals, whether they will be on rent or by buying, because India has firmly established its foothold on 2000 dollar capital GDP and captaincy.  If it goes to 4000 then it will be double then it will be the address but in big cities like Delhi-Gurgaon, here the growth of income would be more and then the average is going to double, so here it will be more than that, so you have to understand that the affordable ones are coming.  There will be competition in 5 years even in your four and a half years. The number that Five Savare is carrying is the number of four and a half and five years and that position is of the last position of the first flat.  Even though it takes time, it will take you at least 5-6-5 years, but in 2027, it will happen automatically in 2027. It is very good for investment, it is very good for investment, but you have to decide if you also have this question now.  There is a project that needs to be done, that is, you do it yourself, 700 applications have come out in 2 hours, after that the head does not pick up the phone that I will get it filled, now the world is asking, so you have this.  It should be known that he is a bus owner and after having 50 sexes, there is no benefit if his subscription becomes 501. Now in the coming market, the market which I am ending the affordable one, it is the time of Deendayal and the pricing of the premium project high rise.  There will be a lot of difference in the comparison of this Deendayal because this situation used to say that now this same three which was up to 60 70 80 lakhs is going till its own time.  If he himself has planted it, then there is a rise in each one and the rise has to be 5, 10, 20 lakhs, the next one is of fifty lakhs, we give him a good promotion, which is called a hide, the payment plan is done by doing something till 2030 etc., doing something like this, doing something like this  There are some opportunities at this time, they are value for money, you will understand only after seeing and understanding them and units and inventory are coming out by pressing in the market. I am in my campaign.  The maximum project that I am covering for you is value for money. I am saying this and the update that I want to give in the market is that in today's market, if approximately four people join to get information about the property, then approximately  17 18 at St. Andrews is 15 to sixteen percent 15 16 at St. His Universe, so these two together are approximately between 35 to 38 percent or thirty  Percent people are those who have already bought something, now that hey tweet to you to know that I had taken it six months ago four months ago 8 minutes 2 months ago we I want to know the rate and 40 cents are 22 tenders which are just checked  You are asking what is the rate of Luna Potato, how is it, what will be the calculation, now you are just asking what is the trend of the market, my money minded video three will go to the playlist of Money Mindset series, video three you.  Understand, today I am telling my friend from Gurgaon market that there is a pot here which is of my last 20 to 30 destructions in which at least 1000 will be collectively added, 1 in 1 by adding an average of 500, 300, 20 to 25 Avinash, so let me tell you the essence of it. And today I am telling the trend of Gurgaon real estate market its closure 235 50% on my husband in cent higher side  If you put it on the remaining side, now we are at 40 cents. Now this means that as long as it is 40, this journey took so much time to come. Last three-four years. Submit report. So it will not go from 40 to 80 very soon.  Maybe he will lie down, he will come to know further, at the same time, you will have to watch that video to understand what I am saying about this trend and there is active margin out of it, you will have to watch that video because he only tells the train in the video, that is Master's video from the channel.  every In investment, it may seem that you have understood that video as your own, I will try to put the gender in it in the description and in the end screen, you can also see the video at the top of the comment section, so watch the video for you and those who  In the coming days, if you are not already connected, then you will know that there is my subscriber telegram group, you can join it, if you have problem of platinum, then that link will be available on platinum half an hour.  Normal Subscribe, he also has a group, it has very good quantity and members, I do polls, give my information, give videos and also give links of Avinash, so if you have not joined that Telegram group then join that Telegram group only.  I will give it in the description box, you have to click on it, you can join it, then something will come in real time, like hot pakoda, then you will get personality in that telegram group, if you  If you do a joint then please look at it once or twice a day or if you look at it in two days then the old life that was coming out will get deleted and you will feel that if you raise some lines and raise issues, they are caught and go away in an hour.  If you do a joint then I do n't need to see it twice a day. If you see it even twice a day, the market is now in the month of August and September is coming. I have never seen such a vibrant weather. This weather is a chip-fix.  The type of charge is also mud special, it is a bit not like that that a person is going to buy his own related but despite this it is happening, but I am still telling whatever the rates will be in October to November on Diwali.  Know today's rates and please find out what kind of person Chilli Samay might be. Okay, he invites a video on YouTube in the market, so subscribe now. Have you gone to buy the property or do the property? Yes Yes What?  If the accounts are being done then this is also connected like you invest in stock market then it means appointed, now what is happening means you can see once a month on the appointments, in the same way you have taken it, so whoever is appointed, I like it.  Those who cannot connect with people, WhatsApp me, then when the notification comes, there will be no information, then if you connect, then it is okay. If the topic of small animals interests you, note in your diary that this thing interests you. What  It is on the rate, write it down so that after a year we forget the results, we are men, rate of advertising does not keep track record of traffic, up track record and last 2025 is pan India, meaning first it is digital, if you do not come quickly to write then you know the Melville system.  Used to be 4000 products plus ok rate. Which product was launched in 2003 and how many. Its written is romantic, it means very good, it has to be taken more than 120. It is only then that you realize the realization, otherwise people say that the rate was low, was very low, was very high, they talk like this, this data is not with the magic brick 99 tax payers, it is the big people who write about the consequences of these consultants who appear in big newspapers.  They have me, their children live in a lot of trouble, data is not all this, this is the child he is buying but he has to write an article, the one who is writing the article is more than half, I am saying Akhilesh to same.  Take it or you are my subscriber, by the way, you send it to me so that I don't read it more than once, okay brother, how come an article came on the video you had made two months and a half ago, there is no source of more happiness than this, the things I have told are also going to make you fall. I am telling you today that you should watch it in October, which is the quarter of July, August-September, it will be the best and you should also follow the top razors which are on the list, so I am telling you in advance. Thank you.  Those who are listening, those who are born are of this type of children, I can connect with you for the articles, I am giving you a free dark week because I also send a lot of such data, but then I do not give it, but you are not able to understand the meaning. Your idea is sitting at your home and you have to write and you don't know it, so you know how to connect, you have to write on real estate and you write anything, like this, you write anything, anything, that's just English English state.  State writes anything, whatever  Now this site Moneycontrol type is fine, new things of 60 system projects should be shown on it because everyone knows that the market is running towards real estate, equity, good quality, great real estate, also good market momentum, now these things are done at home. And the real estate people do n't have a platform to show their status. Equity people have the name of energy. That deep brother, the market is hot. There is no suit, sister ji is standing here, whom should we tell that don't go into the stock? whose shop  But he is standing, there is no need to criticize anyone else, you are understanding that if there are suits in my shop and 542 are standing outside then I have negative marketing time for my shop or product, whether it is a jeans shop or any other because it is westernized and Indian.  It should be cleaned, there is no need to spread such articles to write articles, I know what to do, which will reduce the number of suits, there will be more suits and there will be lines of jeans, then I will say that western civilization is making money.  We have to tell our Indian women not to wear suits but as long as they wear suits, no one will say anything, so this is the trend, when you see negativity of something in the market, then you have to think after thinking and I have full faith in my audience.  I have been watching my videos since the day and understand that they are connected otherwise why would you add them. You understand my things, you like them, I like them all, some don't like others, but I am you, you subscribe to me, this is for you.  Understanding  If you have come across please do not forget to share and subscribe the channel. Thank you.