Hello friends, today's topic is three mistakes thoughts preventing you from gaming wisdom in life. People are making these three mistakes and due to this they are not achieving success in life. Thought process on sales. Are you making these three mistakes? First and second.  If you are doing it then please improve it by writing in the comment section about the first mistake. Today, a wealth of information is coming from everywhere, in many places it comes from social media, it comes from print media, it comes because of TV channels.  A lot of knowledge comes from this group. So much knowledge and so many sources of knowledge has never been there in history as it is today, but the mistake number one is why the average person is not growing is this.  That you start following someone, start reading a book in your life, a good book, start following a YouTube channel creator or start reading someone's column in a newspaper, it is okay and you like it and you feel  Is  That you are getting empowerment, you are getting clarity, it feels good, but then what happens that like you had got the book for 200, but after getting it for 140, it was till 139, it was a lot of fun, I got to learn a lot, something like this was written in 140. Who crushed your belief system, who was against your beliefs, we will not discuss him, if he hurts you, will we not go to 140 first page, will not go to 140 second page.  Can't we forget that 141 page if we have to in life because see, no one is telling you to make relationships like this, wherever you consume content, someone is giving you internship or from somewhere you can get knowledge in your life.  If you are going to the other side, then not all the things of a person can be right. The first thing cannot be right at all, if the second thing is almost right, then you may not find it right. This is a fact, so if 70-80% of the matter is right then you  in that  Because I have followed this in my life, never ever deprive yourself. Just like you think, this is that thought, that thought is the thought from which something lesser comes out. Keep it as your treasure. Content of course, this is not someone's hundred.  If only 5% of them are right, then waste your time in finding them. Avoid such people, but generally, if you find 758 90% of someone's work right, then there is no need to leave that person immediately.  I look at people, I am not telling the opinion of my subscribers about me from my experience, I am telling you that this is how the world actually works, that I was fine with it, then man made it like this, after that, I gave you financial support.  In this way, you can become spiritually pure, you can become academically complete, you can become intellectually pure because you are taking it from somewhere or the other, so this was the first mistake, avoid it.  Don't be so quick, if you start seeing a pattern, you start seeing this repeating over and over again, if red flags start appearing, if you enjoy it, then exercise, date your opinion, don't do it on the first thing, date this, name date, this is the first second thing.  Will you prevent this? How will you do this? The first thing that people do in the second mistake is the second mistake. Do people write theirs anywhere? Watch the video on YouTube. 15 minutes 20 minutes 25  It will be a very good minute of knowledge, it will be very nice but even after taking two or three videos, it will not be written anywhere. You have forgotten what you studied in 7th, 10th, 12th. Ask Bernoulli's theorem and do something else. How little do you have any idea? How exactly do you not know and if anything will be told then Han Han I had read Han I had read then check in your life, are you reading the book? You have invested 10 15 hours 245  If you can't read the chapters of a book in a day, if you can't, then you will neither be seen as knowledgeable nor will you be seen in your own eyes because suddenly there might be a conversation happening or sometimes there might be talk of decision making or sometimes someone might tell you. You must have been thinking about presenting an argument, otherwise I had read it one and a half years, two years and two and a half years ago. If you have made a good physical diary, nowadays anyway, everything has started coming on mobile, write it with a pen or two on Google Drive.  Two And make a backup of its backup, brother, with your own hand, I would suggest that you write in a good diary and if you ever have to travel around the diary, if this does not happen, then take its images etc. and keep a digital backup of it and the notes made by your own hands, when absolutely necessary.  Be free, this is your own squeezed knowledge, this is my knowledge, this is yours, understood in your own language, this is what you have written, the new year is starting, I would request you to start doing this in your life. started seeing a lot of difference  There will be some squeeze of your own understanding in your own language, then when you talk, it will come out to you in the same way as I had recently done a very good video and the lesson of it was Equity Investing Share Market Vs Rest State instilled in you.  It is my 77, it has a very low charge, you can go and get it, now it will be in the beginning in the comment section, so now I am posting it there like this, so I am posting it there and collecting it, it is my  who also knows less that  What a good thing I had told you, I also go and listen to myself and see what good thing you told me because tomorrow when there will be a conversation and discussion, it should come to me, so I am doing some things like this, some I am testing you.  The third and important mistake that people are making and should not make is that you are not increasing your own sample size in your life. The three things that have happened in your life are absolutely right, this is absolutely wrong. that arranged marriages will spread  So love marriage is good. If someone's love marriage spreads then arranged marriage becomes good. Your sample size is small. You can do two things in life either increase the sample size by increasing your interaction, that happens only with time and age.  That wisdom comes with experience only, because the scope of a 25 year old may have reduced, that of a 35 year old will increase, that of a 45 year old will increase further. Okay, so even if you cannot expand, you are open.  Possibilities Just because of what your father is doing, what your mother is like, how your wife turned out, this is not a universal rule and in everything, don't say this, break it with everyone because any system which is giving a logic is telling that like this.  -Vod is failing, it has spread a lot, don't go out or take it out, don't wear a mask, nothing happens in my house, no one has got shaturmukh, you won't be saved from the mentality of giving mouth while living.  Don't think about two more cats, that one with a pigeon, that one with a pigeon, because you have two WhatsApp groups, four of your friends, 5-10 family members, not the world, what is happening in the world, be open to possibilities and don't start yourself, which is your base.  Na base rate is said, look at 1000 people and what is happening with them, it is very low in your personal life, exposure is also low and now you are in life.  I have seen another syndrome in many people, that is, take the fourth bonus mistake of the third one, you are right, the fourth bonus mistake, what is that, any argument, any conversation, play everything, take something out of it, this is what UPSC understands.  Because many people prepare for UPSC, youngsters sit with big opinions and big knowledge that I know that too, I know that too, I know this too, I am all done, brother, you have to be a voice, you have to test yourself. You will have to test whether someone is ready to buy your knowledge or not. Otherwise, how will you know if someone is taking yours for free? So if you are making your knowledge, you are making it, the knowledge is not for sale to anyone.  Not only is he not ready, he is not even ready to take it for free, that means he is not a man, low and right, you game it because he checks everywhere, I know how to cook very well, I am a very good cook, brother, I know the best brother.  Is someone eating your paratha?  Someone is ready to eat Dosa, your Sambar is ready to drink, your tea is ready to drink, if you have very good tea, then make it and show it off, neither give it to drink, nor give it to you for free, give it to you by paying, give it to you in any way, when you have put a check on yourself, then What happens like me, I make videos, I tell you people, if you like, like, share, write comments, status and daily I get to know about my bank balance too, whether the old video was good, maybe this one is bad.  So  30 Se Constant Learning Everyday You Come In Expose Yourself And that thought process, check out what is the thought process of other people, people got excited, now as I made a video of dishwasher, people say, I enjoyed it, what did you tell me, then I made a video.  He tells people that they should not dye their hair black. Many people got hurt because it is our wish and it is a very good feedback. It has also come on personal WhatsApp messages and has been written on the comment section. Generally they say, friend, you have given us freedom, meaning now I want to ask.  I am going to blacken all the hair, keep it this winter, you are doing it now, it is looking black, you are roaming around wearing a cap, braving it means end for home, okay, so what is the cut off next, after which you should not do it, you should not reduce it by  Someone gets all these things checked to see if anyone listens because as soon as I came, I used to talk about my family sir's relationship in the circle in private, then people were like 'Dude, why are you telling this, who listens to this, who will do it, let me do it'.  No, sometimes people need something external, sometimes there is a need to tell people, this is the mistake that you are, tell these three or four things about yourself, don't make a mistake and when something starts coming to you tomorrow, that will be tomorrow.  About it you can really help person and understand the difference between information and knowledge and knowledge in wisdom is information, it is not verification, there is too much noise, there is too much information loaded. Sorting out of it becomes knowledge which is your data bank and how.  You have to do it and wisdom is above this. There is a simple test of wisdom. Is there a smile in life? Do you get a little worried?  He is a little sad and what is the general pattern? If the general pattern is of sadness and anger, then you cannot raise your voice because brother, what is this man who can take peace and happiness in life, such a simple definition, who does not complicate his life.  What is kept is to help others in opening the notes, it is a small thing, ultimately it is needed, knowledge is derived from information, where to do it, where not to do it, how to do it, what?  If you want to go towards wisdom, then in this 20 23 Are you people on the path of wisdom and you want to go on the path of, okay then please write to my channel. This is a small line, if you enlarge it, you will see it.  He will see it. What do you see? It is okay to write in the comment section. People, there is a small line in it. People have not seen it. Okay, so that line in your life will give you peace, you will enjoy it and do like the video. share  Thank you