Hello friends, welcome to family series video number 54 videos have been made, please watch them, I put this video in this category so that it is family to touch and maybe you can show it to the elders in the family, if you are elder then you can show the holes so that Whatever thought process in our society, perhaps the device should go away with time because in the same generation one person is deaf and perhaps that belief system is no longer valid. Questions can be asked so first of all I will tell you three things today in this video which I think should be discussed and a new perspective should come and should be recovered. If you guys agree with this then you guys write ID or p&amp;id.  If you identify what is happening to you and if you get a power punch moment, if you get to hear or learn something new, then the first line, the first thing is support, it has always been told in the society not to be no, this is what I have told today.  I want to test, that's why I would like to break this system, this flip system, according to me, that's why I and I met in a pair relationship, met in a job, now met in a jet, met in some place, met in any way, this important people are very in between, they are old.  Those who are motivated, we have become a virus, even a diamond can be cut by a pen, it becomes a diamond after polishing, so we have to remember that we are human beings, we are not diamonds, we are not diamonds, we do not need defamation, then dialogue Chanakya rope when that National value is there. Whose stone is inserted? The receipt must mark the stone. Will you tell me what happens to the rope on earth? Would you like to become a rope? Is this stress a child? The father is holding you. You have to become the wear and tear of gas. Mix the stone.  Then what is the use of it in your life? Who teaches you after turning 20? Do you want to contest on this matter? You who are the only one, tell here, you must want to make a rope, you want to become a child bearer, what happens to the rope? From point to point, second Akbar, idiot Mirzapur, comes to this on his own like this, he has to bring it from the original fan, it is okay if you identify it, it would be good, then you will definitely write in the comment, I would like to tell you, if you get it here also, you have to fold it.  If you are facing a lot of pain in your job, then you should think of leaving it, think of doing something else, it is a big thing to hear in cheap pages that there is power and case on this, if you keep drinking it, you will keep taking it.  If you keep tolerating the PM like it is said in the society, then you will become a painful person. What is special to us? Amit is saying the same thing that if you guys are playing with taking your name in a different person, then try that if you are still a pain.  You will be left with only three, if a person is left with a pen, he will give it to you. If there is money inside many pockets, if the money comes out of the pen, then the pen will come out. This is the pain in your body that you have made a bet, so why don't you share the pain?  We see these three food people  A person gets a boss in his life that he is the big boss, you have to make him known, he may be a pin in his life, he may be yearning for some water, because I have tried to adapt to it, personal life may be in food and may be with children.  I am getting at a lot or maybe the one who has a lot of pain has reached there with it and he has the initiative, he can take the first one, wash it, it should be paused, true people leave jobs in a painful situation, but what to do now  go  When Pink is at home, it is okay, love is okay in the room, this disease is okay, that is the biggest issue, so we have to relax that some pen, we cannot avoid it in voice mail and voting mission is okay, but as many alum can be given as tips, that  So do n't be caught asking the price yourself. It is being seen that this and the paint has been taught by someone through the generations that if one wants to become a champion in the Gurjar Paa Olympics, then the pen which these sportspersons say is lacking, is bought cheaply by hiding it in the suspension.  Shift the injury, if you new Indians do exercise then it happens temporarily, we are not talking about it, but it depends if you do something, there is something else related to it, when this pain occurs, it stops being there, if anywhere in China.  On suspended basis, it is not possible that without meeting even a little, but you have to see that if you do not want me to cut teams and trees, those ones are declared a draw and if some thorn pricks you, then the depression goes away, not within him.  Caste is a natural reaction of the body. If the body feels like drinking your touch, it is very good for them, then when you start burning, then to save it, it is an obscene feeling. Learn to bypass it in life. I took you from Delhi to Hisar.  If the middle is clear like Mukesh Mehra, then do you guys want to reach Hisar? So, when you are going from Delhi to Rohtak, you will take the bypass, this one directly, that too, passing through Qila Road, taking in the flow of the city.  By extending the double gate towards Bhiwani bus stand, that chait of yours has been removed from above, but you want to go through the sunshine, honey, parents, experts, to waste time, I don't have a job, I am going to the market, the government has made a lovely pass.  If you are tired then you go to the bypass, then here you want to make your pass like this, but who would not want to do so, tell me, but you will just have to tell me, first you take the bypass there, do you know if anyone requests something like this?  it's a swan  When he was not interested and no one knew and sister-in-law also said that all those days go to him and go to the back of the city but when he started getting interested then people did not know, so do we do anything in our life in the same way?  By making such changes and taking advice, these paints can keep the awards. Eighth and Dimple 8219 More Awards by Abhishek Toys This is the way of a person with higher authority to fool the person with lower authority.  There is fun in the pan because it is getting a little work done. Paris also says that sometimes it is done even if it does not get any benefit. I mean, I am the one who gets the minimum benefits of fooling the parents of their children for their own benefit.  Do n't make fools but if the parents themselves are a little stupid then if they have heard them from someone then they will do this to their child. If the boss would get this work done by calling him from his subordinates then he would have understood that Bigg Boss has something to do with it.  To get the work done and like you, I want to tell something to the world, it is hot, it is said with motivation, it is okay in another language, that motivation is being done through the channel, I do not want to give admission, I want to give clarity, I believe that there are eighty-four lakh vaginas.  After that it goes into the human body, even after getting the body, you need motivation to live, then your harp has become hot, you need something very big, motivation that if needed, you will become fat instead of good children.  If you are then you should like to subscribe, tell me when to give exam, how many marks, where should I go, what else should I buy love with me, how should I waste my food, how to know Sidhmukh, cracked heels, and to know and carat, this is what we have to learn, don't see motivation, use it, should all be motivated 211 Good Night On record setting adventure motivated the and request pimple to achieve reports and sapna aaya is par aukat ok hai swiss is lineage thing which you want  To say please do not exist a proper that twist maze to fans please try to pain in all situations below made us like this animals also give pain award and which fold as much as you can and add and don't kill this dialogue o  This is a stone, it is carved, only then an idol is made of God and it is worshiped. When the stone does not go through the pan, then it is an idol. Surya Bhai, we are not that stone, nor do we have to make an idol, we are human beings.  We do n't want to do this work, it's okay, it's great to become like God, don't finish it now, make your lips thinner, make your eyes bigger, make that hair black, become very beautiful, I do n't know what you will become, okay, so please do this You try to force the pack with a pen that if we have met, the second thing that you have done is to tell your children that it is a big mistake in the statement that money is a note application, it is also spoken in Hindi, it is also Hindi, money is not everything, mind is.  Not everything this  It is heard that many people talk, till date I have never heard any rich man saying that he has become money because he has the moral right to speak and does not speak, he never speaks, it is okay, he knows it.  He does n't even say this, Manish, everything, he doesn't even say this, do it like this, Bunny Snowden lives there, another poor man, he is also not there, because money is more important than him, he doesn't even ask me that he speaks middle class Aaj Tak News Middle Class  There is a little, a little is needed, otherwise it is okay, it is not needed, it is not wanted, if it is not found then it is good, it is not given, the thoughts of the middle class are confused, Mary knows what she should do in life, Amit knows this, only then he made her rich, so the channel is short.  Where is the dress, I am trying to give clarity, sometimes it doesn't matter if you feel bad, sometimes you feel bad, sometimes you have to look at Kabir and depth, even if you take a solution, you are right in my topic, you can't go wrong with this.  If you want to understand then you  Agree with my words, don't agree, rather should there be talk or should there not be, I think there should be talk, money is not everything, what is everything, it breaks in relationships, everything is everything, everything is fast and everything is money from life and Singh of relationships.  What is the truth, all Vikram, all Akhilesh, regarding money or marriage truncation, see if your suit turns out good, I will give you typical, I will tell you relative, the same smooth and stylish. Read the Motivational English book. You have read the book written by the Americans in Hindi and the sexual crime is not the same as is happening in North India. It is happening 100,200,300 kilometers further away. Those who go to me talk about why not.  Nothing was done, it was not done properly, it lost its color, it was not enjoyed and it was not respected, this year it remains related that someone's expectations about money are bad that he will not do it, then why not.  Money is a very big thing and that is to say that we are after money or we are after respect, then this concept is that brother, who said that to earn money we have to earn respect or that 19.91 percent professionals  There are people who say that how can you earn money along with your respect while keeping this fast and making profit, then it is wrong to say that respect will be lost if we earn too much money. Second.  Practically, at this time, the worst thing Prakash is that this kindness does not work, you are going to pay the school fees of the child, so you can't say a little ghee on the letter pad, I will give you the money on a request, I will pay the money at the school point there in Gurgaon. Tell me the school fees, tell me, how many people do you live in? These are the flowers. It is they who pay the biggest rent for the house, these school fees mean the rest, food is still a thing which is not so expensive, it is easy.  We manage to survive but there are school fees and house rent, this is a huge expense, so money is not everything, like nothing, I agree with what is in your sheet, but I care about it, but it is beneficial to repeat it again and again.  The setting did not improve, I was thinking that there is no need to keep Qureshi, it is a very important thing, earning it is money, hence save it, investing in this difficult skin is easy even more.  It is much more difficult to gang up on a difficult investment and Thursday is to enjoy the money, all related to this next films, this is a very big series, money minded, I will definitely do it, you stay connected, this is the video, if you are watching ahead, then subscribe the channel.  Do it, if you like it then forward it to your friends and understand this thing, just like you can understand something by doing 12 crushes, you do n't get a job even with that, people have to do graduation again and then some.  If you understand, then I am taking you on a journey, only if there are videos in the series, then you will not understand things even in the bus, I will flirt with the match series, do it like a child, but discuss these things in the family. Do accept money, discuss with children, children should know the rate of everything, which thing is cheap and which is expensive, how much is the resident of Pan Ludhiana, how much is this money with kids, people 1820 brother  Sir's children also who go, we too would not know anything and if I would not have increased the school then there would be something special, chilli, a cotton third kiss, one last thing and agree to win a specific, this is a special thing, stay cool, thank you, succeed, this is so many books.  What other videos and what romanticises it, what is a party and some original story, whose story was that koi raja ho but the word of name got stuck in the game, thanks, it had to be removed.  In this and was accepting defeat, saw the Christmas tree and also the war increases on 7th November. For the seventh time, either this story is in my mind, still if in such a situation, then there are some options to try, hence in the situation of making it at home. So what should I do, you will die, you will try, but if you copy these things in your normal life, then even I was not surprised that you are doing this to one third of IS students and people don't know where.  In how many years are you capable of becoming a driver, it is relative but if you have wasted 90's and if it is then the phone will give nine years of life to the charioteer in 0 and this is when it became true by mistake and which is not so many Shiva.  This means you do n't want to add me to the passengers, you should get some votes in Delhi or you should go for something else. Fry one thing, Oye, more enthusiasm and Pradeep are increasing. If you can't do whatever is there then don't affect the fry. Come back and see now.  mix and relax  I am doing wrong, why should I do it, no one is going to correct me. You have been pushing Tiwari since morning and the secretary is not working, so what will you say, I am still here, first of all, I should tell you this, I and I cannot be educated, there is no one else. If you have done property then there is always pledge of winning. This is the era of don't believe in this channel. Why is there any problem in this? You will win somewhere in this. It is okay if you don't win in Kabaddi then according to things in that, things will go to the team, somewhere happiness and somewhere else.  So play anything in the cards, play table tennis, but play, you have got up to win, there are many people who are stuck in losing things, friend, they send dryers, which I mean, if you try to fly a fish, it will do something, what is it?  I ca n't do it, I have to serve it, I should try a little bit, and Papa-Mummy, we talk a lot, we say, I am a senior auditor of Amla, there are a lot of children, neither do they forward my videos. Anmol, the audience of mine that I think is the same as it is of the above people, that is a matter of concern to me, why is it a hit at all, yes, then his channel is all nonsense, it is necessary in Kanpur that if it is done carefully.  Don't listen to what I told you, this is not a thing, the police have to take action on this, this is selective, father and mother said something, then show a video right there, if the total perspective will not be right, the feelings of the parents are always right. I will tell you more about this matter to the parents. I will tell you more about this. If the words of Paris are not being accepted, then children, your words are not making any impact in that market. Maybe that is why the name change can't also happen. If you want to make a topic on this. If you want to see this from him, then write to me in the comment section, this is a topic of period, I wanted to make it say that he was listening to all the things, then why is he not listening, what is the reason and how to listen, so if you want this.  So  I will make a video on this. How did you like this one? Tell me the address. It is important to question Belief Systems. Note 4. Please make the previous higher if the quality is there, fix it and make it a topic of discussion. If it is the end, then click to make full efforts.  If there is a need, you should do whatever you think is right, but the topic of discussion is my request on the family group, please make, share and like the video.