Hello friends, the new year is coming, there are three resolutions that I want you to keep if you are my audience. Many people keep resolutions in the new year, they will become thin, they will become beautiful, they will become like this, they will do this, they will do a lot of things.  It happens that you put a lot of pressure on yourself, from my side I am also going to suggest three resolutions to you guys, one, two and three, okay, which one of you will follow, all, one, three, will you do all three or  Will you do 1 and 3? Will you do 1 or 3? Which one will you do? You must write and I am going to tell only the easy one. Okay, first of all, the first resolution is in the new year 2023. I will make it completely based on astrology, so it should be longer.  But according to the energy of this year, I am telling everyone about the year of Ketu, don't cry, you do n't have to become Rondo Mal in this year, don't give way to the government. Try it for a year and see if there is a resolution for the whole year. Try it for 3 months. The government should not be ignored. Politicians should not be ignored. Children should not say anything useless. Parents should not speak. No one should cry. Anyone.  These people are very good, we are very bad, their luck is good, don't cry in any situation, if you have to cry physically, then cry whether you got hurt or the man is trying to cry in some way.  I am not telling him to cry, but by saying hi-hi, forwarding messages on Twitter, YouTube and WhatsApp and he got robbed and beaten, I do n't know what it is, don't do this, it drains so much energy, there is nothing to save in life. Worthy and actually there is nothing great in it, I am not telling you to go to the gym and make ass, okay, I am just saying easy things, don't cry, no matter what happens in any situation, something is also visible, yes, you are wrong.  It is ok what is happening, this was also wrong, ok, don't cry, if you can do something then do something about it, do n't date, this is another thing, learn from you, know that you are time suck and energy waster in your life.  You will meet a lot, you will meet around, it can be anyone, it means something is moving on the road, it will take your time [Music] That one generation of Argument Mandal family keeps imparting knowledge to the other one, the other one keeps climbing, no one can say anything, don't know, get out. Whoever in your life doubts your energy or time or both, comes and whines about anything, asks for advice from you, which they should never follow. If you ever ask for advice, tell them directly, do not bring ₹ 500, my time will be wasted. So ₹ 500 ₹ 5000 Whatever you want to take from whoever, people will automatically come to cry on everything, then tell me if you want to cry, listen today ₹ 500, you are big.  Selfish man, I am telling you these tricks, this is the second thing and you will be able to do both these things only when you do the third, these two will be possible with you, otherwise you will not be able to do them and the third thing is to add value to your life, anything.  Learning new, anything new means what will we learn? Yes, we have got the job, we have studied it long ago, so what can we learn? No time to waste, your agent's agenda is your time, so you will have your time to fight, seconds in navigability.  you will have time to be  Do n't know what useless thing is happening because you are constantly adding value and once you are constantly adding value, your ability to add value in ideal life also increases because your ability was so much value that you added so much, even  Now you can give science to someone else, then you get into a process in life where your heading value is.  Yourself and give adding value in the life of Adarsh and this happens. If you take money and take it, you get a tangible figure also. Bought knowledge of Rs. 500, sold it for Rs. 5000, profit of 4500. This happens because when you are taking knowledge, then you are making a  If you are taking it from a person, then he is getting the fee of one person, then you have increased it a lot, I called it Gyan D Word, call it any name, after that you teach that thing to 10 people for.  Example: If you learned cooking then you gave ₹ 5000 to someone for cooking, taught the skill in it, taught the core, taught the cake, taught something, now one man taught one man, he paid the fees of one man, now this man can teach Sikh to 50 people, this is artistry. This is when you do these things, now you can do them less even while working, because you have stopped crying in your life, you have got energy, you have got time and whatever is your time  The public was doubting that this is your release, this is what you see in life, I am telling you that this can be anything and this is a finger, doing this does not ruin the life, what would people do first, The Daru Pee Ke Dance Bar  Do you understand that someone with such a note is less of a misbehavior? Nowadays, someone does this on the mobile, it is not necessary to do this, I do this on the mobile, it will take 10 minutes one after the other to understand, this is 30 seconds.  in a minute or so  Dopamine keeps happening like this, addiction keeps coming, there is no stagnation, there is no fun, there is no peace, nothing less will matter, it will take time, follow people who make maximum sense and who add value in your life, did something and went away, then what else and what else  Then he becomes so much of a person in him, his senses become so intense, then he does n't even laugh because you have become so expert in it, then suddenly someone says to you, come on, brother, when you hear the joke, then you watch the train the whole day.  Can't tell the funny thing because the distance which will take you somewhere, will go to your heart, if it goes here, then the things in this video can be told by just touching you somewhere, which of the three will you do? By doing the third one, the first two will automatically become the first two.  I thought people would do it but you won't be able to do it because when they are sitting somewhere idle, not learning anything, not doing anything, then you will get all these debates, this is what is happening and these are the people who in 67  there are many  They are more empty-handed than you because they have taken an oath not to learn anything new because brother they have done everything in life now for whom will they donate? They neither want money nor anything else. Do they want to live in misery or present? I never make fun of those who are ahead, I am trying to wake them up and I am telling you youngsters to involve their parents also in learning something new because until you learn something Unless you learn something new, you cannot be happy in life. I am giving out a big secret. Constant learning, what learning, you decide which one you decide, it is free by paying, but you have learned something, how did you like the video, please people. Thank you very much for sharing with