Hello friends, this is a very spicy and good topic, the reason is that your wife should work for this or you should be tanning and wife to start earning and start working, this video is for all the men, all the mails are there and they should tell their wives.  If you want to show it also, then it is fine for all the women and it is for the women who do not work, those who do will also get some taste in it, so even if you are working, you have to see it, it is fine.  If you have any objection, then why do you have to make your wife work? It's a job or running, it's to earn money. Whatever you tell her, it's okay, I will tell you three reverses, first, it will remain at the country level, second, what will be the benefit to that woman and third, what will be your benefit only.  I told them that if they have to work, then listen again for the first time, the woman who is 98% in our posts, it is very reasonable that this percentage has to be increased, it is okay and I can make a video on it long ago, I will make it in the future too but you  just see  The GDP of the country travels, the number of women has exceeded that of men at the pan India level, it will take time when the census will be done but it will show some confusion in whatever services are there, you have to see that the women who work in our houses are the GDP.  I am appointed as a guru and he is not registered. I will tell you with a classic example. Your wife is good with your son or daughter. You can watch Mystery at Class Science. Whatever is fine. Your neighbor's wife is good with her child. A method is fine.  So in both the houses the mothers are teaching 22 hours a day but nothing is happening. What do you have to do about it? Now the woman who is yours, the one who teaches science, should raise her child intact and ₹ 5000 is fine in the electric mission. Let's come to this subject.  And this woman says that this child's education should be given to their child and also if she writes 5,000 rupees, then how can I do it normally, then what will happen to me, then increase my education, I will educate yours, cancel the water system, don't do this.  Both the women have to say that your husband will put it in the record and who will put it in my husband's record, then as soon as this act is done that 5,000 people were killed with five sarees, the GDP of the country increased by 10,000, the activity which was increasing at zero continues to be the same.  Something great has not been done. When she was teaching that subject to her children, a child came. This woman did not even understand that she was studying with her child and this woman was teaching her child.  So this child started studying after tax, he got Rs 5,000, this one also got Rs 5, the net outflow is zero but the money has come into the woman's account because no husband gives Rs 1 to his wife for working in that house. Why should you? Because I am made there but will take it to China because of which there is no growth in GDP. If you understand this, then understand this basic example, then women will understand that whatever work they are doing, if you look at it. Broom, mop, utensils, broom, mop, utensils, the one who takes Rs. 5,000, then it is okay in the village, in the rest of the cities, it is okay to write what else, the goal of the cook, how much price will we give to a woman who is running the whole house, now we will not weave, no one will know about it.  There is no opinion, that's why I am frustrated because whatever they do, there is no cost for getting it done. Hey, spend Rs. 20,000, spend at least Rs. 10-15-20 something for a friend so that he can spend it.  So that you can put it in your bank, this is not the only system, that system is not only like this but it works, I will give gold, I will give saree, I will give the name of the plot, I will give a car, I will give this, I will take you for a ride, I will give you pain. Do you ever ask for a lot like the expenses of the children?  I will give that woman to do her work, whatever she wakes up in the morning and is engaged in grinding, or is it and you, now many people are distracted by it, so if you want to keep it like this, then yes brother, then lady, you will increase the GDP growth of the country. this will be beneficial  So the first day was I hope example second return What is the use of a woman if you make her work or say something or encourage her that her insecurities will be suppressed Self-esteem will be posted As women grow in age YouTube of hair Below one child will be born A child is a child, two hormones, the body is unstable, you know feminist anti-feminist classes, don't spend that time wondering what the person is saying, they are also human beings, it is better than human beings.  It is fine at an increased rate but a man does not feel bad about withdrawal, that is why we bring notes so that as your family goes into it, the family is progressing and the woman's share in it.  The role point was to give birth to a child, the woman was looking beautiful, the energy levels were off and something was going on like it's okay that children are a big project in themselves so that was what it seems to bring into it.  The table was appointed, yes, its contribution is on this, when in late 3834, your family has become an upper middle class family, you may have kept the broom, mop, utensils, cuttings and shopping vegetables and if you go one step further, then  Tadka tadka is also added, okay, you just tell what will be made, it also takes a lot of emphasis that women are okay sitting all day on Netflix, on the phone, talking on WhatsApp, social media  How many years can you spend sitting at home and work for 60-40 years out of 3538? If the life expectancy rate goes up in the future, then your husband will think that I am a backward Jupiter and I can never say that I wake up in the morning.  Darling, not today, I don't go to the office, you can be cool, he can speak like this, you have to put it like this, what he did, you have to go, don't you hear, no one takes leave from the office, man's  I feel like doing a job, fasting at the age of 40 is abusing, I have to give a grand presentation, there should be a spectrum auction in the office, Neera Chakki is grinding, even a man gets broke, but he is allowed to go somewhere else, she lives at home and is separated for five years.  She tells me that this tap is black, look at it, it was a coin, do it for cleaning, send it, brother, these are man's work, men's work, women 's work, and so I made all the points.  The works of men are the same, I was not fighting in the houses, I am not going to save marital tilak and listen to your work and you have done the roots etc. And whatever you have forwarded to the women, please ladies, you also listen bad.  Don't believe it, it's okay, and it's a good utensil and a woman's job. If I say so, it's a very high level job. Points Korba, do something. When you regret your work, it's okay.  In any work, the one who has done the lady's work, it is a housework, whether a man should do it or a baby, should it be done to her, but the fact is, bring her something, then if the average woman from the table to the water, the plate 3140 10 worries about the children, the children  The children's work is so forced that it spreads towards the elections and by doing so much to justify its presence, it is shown in a wrong way that I see that it is forced and I have seen and felt that why the sun is visible even in the chaat. Even in counseling, if I tell my daily routine to a girl, don't do anything, tell your wife, then tell her your daily routine, whatever you write, write this much work in 10 to 12 days, let's search, take two days leave and see.  The irritation level increases. Look at the wife, how she used to go on Sundays, the husband is watching her 24 hours and on Sundays too, the aunt does most of the work which is acceptable whereas no work should be done on Sundays, she has to keep the house in this condition.  We should keep it like this that Sunday is my husband's holiday so that there is no discord in the house, we should go out and visit whoever we like, be loving, talk nice, go do something collectively and on Sunday a cleanliness campaign will be launched to show that now people will kill very few people.  And the women who leave them and run away, when my subscribers feel well then they come and take it from me, it is okay only then and the rate is not that much because what are the talks, I just feed them Neem laddus, it is okay, so what is seen is what it is.  Show what you like, tell what is happening in the society, only then that reformer type feeling comes that I tell us such things and many people enjoy it too. If you people have more joy then please write complete joy, then don't do this.  If you write ND, you will like it. Give it a like. If you are enjoying it, then this is what is going on in the house, this is politics. The husband sees some things, some things happen, he does n't want to see, some he has said, some he does n't know, some.  What if he was so buried inside? You have to tell your wife all these things. The third and last benefit that will be given to the husband is that what will be the benefit to the husband if you keep doing something after the appointment, how to tell your wife how to earn money, earn money, do something, do something, do something, either she will do it or not.  Or she will not do two things, but after speaking, if she does something then by the way, more money is coming into the house, thing, creative, gender, organize, see, bring into the table, thing, also, she tried, her whole time, completely empty mind.  Shaitan's house is not getting typed and is seized in value. If you have a daughter then she is also seeing that if mother earns money then I should also earn. My belief is that if your wife is not earning because household work is very important.  If yes, then you are also teaching your daughter that your wife is not important in other's household work, your daughter will get married and will go there. And tell me, your daughter will also give birth to children, so according to the same logic, your daughter will also go home.  In  Why are you spending so much money on living? You are raising so many girls, but educate them little by little. You are teaching your own daughters, those who have daughters are not at all equal to the boys. You send them to the same school with equal expenses and equal fees.  By giving equal tuition scheme, let us become something. These women, who do not do any work themselves, do jobs, their own daughters say that these are our lines are important, we are not here, otherwise I don't know what would have uprooted Mount Everest, I will marry your father.  I do n't know what you would have done if you had studied so much, daughter, you have to do something, otherwise if you keep doing all this like us, this bread and voter ration card, then girls never empty it because girls become something, they say that we have become something, why should we vote for anyone?  And Teaser Votes Haryanvi Words Whitehead Inch Ok Bhai Should Also Be Tolerated Voice Twitter Man In Our Life APR Ki August My Mother Tolerated My Father Because Of Sea Watering And Har  Circumstances, truth and brother-in-law created by father, brightness of date has been made dependent on my mother, economics is lever, father and cheese are never happy with marriage solutions in the morning, I will join, life is dry and married, this society has no regrets at this level, that woman.  Not working. Where is our country going down due to one woman not working? Amit Sangwan will change it. It took 2 years.  In 10 years, no matter how many women are involved in the house, if she does not earn money, then the second thing is that when you tell your wife to work, she will not be able to do it and she will say that she does not want to do it, at least then her demanding programs will be less.  At least she will respect you. Tell her that I don't even feel like working because I have raised children. Hey brother, I have raised children. I can't eat bread for 50 years. Brother, this is what nature has said and has chosen you for that.  So for that, you do n't have to seal that he sends this to me, you have to seal the lucky because all that is in one body, giving birth to another body and taking the status of a mother and the child does not stick to you, that feeling child 10  It multiplies the mother. All these expenses are huge in the society and this should remain the same, I will not have to question it, there is nothing for the child, it is the smile of the child, the love of the child, that is why you are from the areas there. What do you want to say first? Now the thing to understand is that you yourself are the inspiration for that child. Many women are doing well but in terms of percentage, can they not become this pressure? In the coming times, I will meet some women who are in Gurgaon.  They are doing their business, I am thinking that by calling them on the channel, they have done it for you people and it can be said that without earning any job or having any so called great qualification, you must know something, power, you have got the body of a human being, something.  must have learned You are 35 years old, you must be knowing something, we will help you in monetizing that too, here I am not at all saying that women have to go and earn Rs. 2.5-3.2 lakh or work for 18 hours, I am saying Amavasya 15000 checkup.  You must be capable of earning Rs. 20,000 more than what your maid earns. If she also doesn't, then you should be ashamed. I'm using Harvard a bit but I'm very very.  Serious about these records, this is taking our country India backward, which is taking our women backward. Like I told you in the exam, in the beginning, I had given the example of not monetizing the solution, you teach her child, teach her child, it is okay then she gets monetized. Banking transaction will be registered in GDP, it is a service provider, it will provide a service in 5126 global markets and it is registered. You made one and sent it to someone, he gave you the money, he made the pickle and sent it to you.  You paid Rs. It is not just for living, it is not for jogging and walking barefoot in Panchatatva Park, it is for networking, there are readymade customers for the people there, there are readymade customers and bandit ideas.  And I will tell about the leaders of the ladies, in the next videos I will tell about the work that the real ladies are doing, not that I think this will work, which is a lady that unites and in which she is happy to work by showing passion, you see.  Those women who work and have their own business, I am saying that today they are ready with two businesses that are best suited for women and there are some such businesses of women which men are not even doing, that business will never flop. Can't do it because no one else is there and there is a need in the market. Men have no interest and I tell them to do jobs brother, don't leave your job. You stay with yourself but let your wife start a small business. Who knows? Well and so much so that leaving my job today to take care of you is a great path to freedom. Other wise men they will keep running on the treadmill and never get off.  You will find that the man who is thinking of leaving all the jobs safely, you have kept the fort, you have kept the vote, don't you think that if you don't leave your wife, then there is so much pressure on every man, that is, he is sitting at his wife's house, she is in one job, you can do this to yourself.  You are also not doing anything, you left it with some passion and because you want to do something else, then its security is there, you had to log in, tell him Bhai Bhagwat Tukur, come on, sent me to open school, neither is she sitting with a degree nor has any brain, nor is she released the whole day.  don't see  Remove your wives' Netflix subscriptions, remove all this stuff from this house, remove the content that does n't add any value, but my content is also not adding rally to your life, then brother, remove this entertainment entertainment should be on my deposit setting.  Goes on videos My name is not to give entertainment Ok people say that it is fun too Ok these are stupid things which can change your life with Till we person in this, his duty is a relative, there is no different with me and woman does not know, he starts asking because there is no benefit for me in this, you earth will work, then there is no benefit for me, okay, so that thing will be accepted, dad I  I am going on this thing in this extract for 12 months video I make flowers in this test If your wife does not work then tell your wife you have no right to take our daughter out of school Tell me to do another abortion Do n't do it  Women have to be promoted, I have written in the festival that I have deepened my daughters' lives, they have committed suicide to give them an option and tips, they have also participated in the GDP and the further work like 5560 years, which means they have been fearing for 22 years, so they have worked for five years in this, children should do a little. Relax, this version is a small clip, do the rest, it's ok, I hope this video was given to the people by the language lord and allowed them to get progress and promotion in the job also.  I am not getting it, this has to be read soon because till now many times I do n't know whether I get the job or the home system, that too I agree, it is okay, there is no fuel, the kite also has an account, it has always been a comfort zone, it is okay, it has been a comfort zone, and that's it.  Hey, this relative has gone ahead, brothers, his wife is working, his wife will work for me too, he has gone ahead in his average group and is a double income factory and many people are jealous and irritated about this. Hey, this is what we earn, oh friend, you also earn, who stopped me? If we don't get enough then stop ejaculating, then do one thing, it's okay if we do n't do it, it's okay for you, we did n't want the appointment of our house and So this is the approach, I will have a mission elsewhere but this one is to make women work and those women who do not work and respect Vikar, I say don't do clipping, that is not in our control, but we are the ones who want to do it.  in that  Then your typing will be done and tell your wife to stop doing this cleaning campaign on Sunday. Monday to Friday is the time when you go to office. Make a video camera and give it to me. I will do your typing for free.  Husband goes for rest one day, on the same day, on my dirty gesture, he opened a lot of things and went to the bathroom, that is why he took the statement of your entire house on Sunday, to show that you have made the house so dirty.  This wo n't lead to any fight. Please like, it's ok to share with people. Thank you, A.