Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic. The symptoms of the market are good for real estate. I will tell you according to the market of real estate. You tell me how many symptoms you agree with and how many symptoms you are seeing. If you see the first symptom at any time, read the article.  From 10 calls of the property related so now give these numbers which number bake till people reaching out reducer Malve Siddha this is a very big organization second symptoms you have to see which news channel in the market  There are type of people who know at night like there is news on YouTube, they also start covering the property like normal people by showing that, that is happening, 2 lakh subscribers project is coming, that means people not related property and there is bill.  Related subscribe is not coming see this is sick that June so that the coming infections don't do now these ones who do this side of the fence are appointed okay those who do it in this way are okay so but this is a fast  There is this indiscriminate worry in the market that everybody will not rise in this, so this was our second symptom. Third system, let me tell you, the third symptom is that government government government government money will start coming to you which will give you 15 years. Okay here this and this will come here.  There will be a meeting and it will be submitted there because he will go to rotate it faster and then one thing which you can see in the center which is being launched is that  Friend, these rates are increasing, I thought of taking it out and if I had waited then the market is an exception to be accepted and the fresh launch will be done slowly because there will be a lot of talk about the less new coming inches and their sons will also be told as per the rules.  Players are coming in the ward, people are turning their back on it, Anil is the default. Who is this Dhani? I do n't know when he will come and in my opinion, he should not come in July, August-September because there will be a basement on his own.  If someone starts the work then it will be filled with water from above in July-August and then the golf course road will be filled with water and then there will be bad publicity. At such a time, anyway, the person who brought the property in is fine. Do you know what happens, okay, those four buckets.  If the water gets filled, then we are the ones who do that. If the falling water goes out in four hours, then you have a problem. Okay, will the water fill this time? So, I will make a video on it again. It is made every year. Every year, the verification is correct. is this year  If it is romantic then Gurgaon and it is all about the relationship like if it ends then I will make a video then there will be entertainment in it that I am fine then these are some characteristics in the market you will see that these kind of old ones which are tightening ones, these ones are like this.  Inventory will run on the occasion, some are left, some are subscribed, many will be less, share market is subscribed, then those who leave the house are also subscribed, sometimes the subscription remains a little low at the bottom.  Okay, so there is a correction on the side, okay, so now like LIC, so you know what accounting, it was based on that, if you take it out then that edition with another thing happening in the market at Noida and like last on 29th June.  Now see, it is going towards 7778. Even there, if you see, how much difference it has made, that is, if you go ahead and go down to the dollar level, then this is the interest in the real estate market.  The person who is so far away has this technology and is online, still there is some difference in living far away because if you know from someone then it is time, if Prithvi is showing interest then now there is a lot of interest in the market, the energy is sleeping, isn't it?  Rai booking is all NRI have also released the real estate cycle spread world over. The way it is going on in India, other people started increasing the time rates of the code. When the tweet was going on in India, nothing was being taken but. Importance of Perform  Worship in release was needed to join in the Indian scheme. Will have to live in brother's house. Poor is very important in life. If work from home is involved then that thing which is in pulp demand is like India's pressure cooker. Vidhi Lights is being released now.  Of but was near compared to if market UP's Noida real estate this real estate you serials trading and of even Australian related you will realize that their  The rise in the market in India is in the leg, 90 is okay, so these coming months are seen in special in October, you will be a lion and witness in crisis, which you have heart, brother, if the interest comes so soon, then the launch is pending.  And the research that is being discussed is that if there is some idea then there will be some display system which is my categorization of ac1 ac2 ac3 tier categorized in this but what will you  Relieve you will release this route increased its rates so car Dezire also had to be increased, if Dezire increased it then Honda City will also increase. Ok, Honda City is big so which one will be next to Bhaiya, so there is another domino effect that it will increase like this.  If you are in the market then the prices are increasing. Ok then don't be more in the market. Post events at York. You do n't have money to support yourself. You have to sell something to yourself. Imagine any event in your life.  It is to happen in November-December, you have to get retirement money, you have to get money from somewhere else, someone 's old money was stuck somewhere, some such event is going to happen, then you will not think of buying property today because you will have that melt in November-December.  It has to happen brother please bean market please molecules maybe somewhere such an option is given where you can immediately get the handkerchief for keeping the handkerchief. Do you understand that you have kept the handkerchief worth ₹ 1000000 and that Melt, after the first six months, there will be two cups of reaction, I will capture it because when the riots and drops Mark Bean is marketed, it is a very very important giver, Pagli Bandar Ma'am, money comes from agricultural land, the people of the agricultural land had an old ancestral shop, Piggy got inheritance money, something happens Then you went to the market with the money, it is lying at your house and now you are roaming around, so here you put a gun to your temple that you will get it in 5 days.  If you want to take something or the other, then she is aware that like brother, the preparation for the exam is done in six months, so you know the complete syllabus, you know that Deendayal is leafy, Deendayal plant is affordable, you know about premium apartments, you know about psoriasis. You know high rise, I know ultra luxury, you know everything in every way, you know brother, if I invest in it, I will take it above Bigg Boss, people of Delhi who are in the market.  Those who are connected like me, whenever they have a voter event of that agreement is like giving that this is proved, then they are so ready that they immediately come to decorate their portfolio, they go, they buy proteins worth crores of rupees. Here we take goofy and make our whole thali, it's okay, this is this, this is this, add to that, I tell people again and again that please do geographical diversification in Gurgaon.  It is not long to report the city's bhaiya where the same things are smaller, this added new Gurgaon Pimple Dwarka Expressway, Sona Sona Road on Lower Dwarka Express, how many of the valves are only stranded to the cords, Sushant Lok One to Three DLF Phase-1, this Yoda Sector 29 Gurgaon  Dahan has a lot of areas that if you understand Gurgaon as I have and get the celebration in SP Road, then everything is fine, come on down. Palak is the 8 area of ​​Vaishnav, which when I divided Delhi and understood it to be sixty, just as Gurgaon has also been divided into eight parts, similarly there are sixty parts of Delhi, each has its own story, each has its own system, so in the same way Gurgaon and Gurgaon are  If you are your relative, then you think that this is Gurgaon. If you are not a relative, if you have earned money by investing, then you are there. If any of your friends has bought something here, then you are there.  You are using your story from art at eight places and you will never get anything powerful in the market of your relationship. Remember, if you are getting something cheap in a bullish market, then there is something wrong with it.  In Add Best, you will get the things at good prices at good prices, so till Edison, you are getting normal things cheap, this is a symptom of the bull market, the things which were torn were not mine and the person was of fifty sixty seventy, that too is good now.  Range up to 85  Let's go, this is a bullish market, okay, so I hope this video was helpful. Please share with your friends, relatives and the family members and like and subscribe the channel. Thank you.