Hello friends, launch of new series on D channel Getting Married is a very good series for those whose children want to get married and who want to have a happy marriage. Before this there was a marital series, you must watch it. It was for those people whose children are getting married. Already married and want to do so, this one is exclusive about wanting to tie the knot in marriage, I am bringing the first video of this, there will be seven more such videos, you can send this series of videos on your group so that all the parents and  who are about to get married and  Those who are confused about what to do, there will be a lot of clarity for them, it will be practical like all the videos are there, please share, those whose children are going to get married or those who want to get married, then the first topic starts today, yes, there are three types of marriages.  These days, we call it arranged marriage, a love marriage and a third one. Now who was the third one because till now everyone had heard that love marriage has to happen, people have heard arranged, they also compete in love marriage.  A good arranged marriage is ahead. A marital counselor is bringing very hot pakodas. What is happening in the market? The hot thing is happening in the marriage market. The third thing that is happening is that it neither puts people in love nor arranges it. That is desperate marriage. Desperate.  What is marriage, all these are going on ye.com, 29 year old girl, 31 year old girl, boy, let this and do n't know anything else, there are some photos in aise.com. O caste, you don't know anything about these marriages. Avoid these marriages as much as you can. Award them. I will discuss less on this. You will discuss less on what should be done. I will discuss more on whether it is arranged marriage or love marriage. And ho parents are feeling. Feeling: What has changed in the society? Earlier there was a middleman system, where someone's aunt, someone's aunt, anyone would suggest someone from their side, from this side, someone from this side, through acquaintance, would come to Banke.  People used to come and meet, now we will not go there, it was good, this society is getting polluted, they find us useless, what can we do in life, what is the control, we have to do that because many times I see people  In the comments, the government should do this, the public should do this, the world should do this, what will you do, the listeners, what can you do, but there should not be helplessness, so now we are seeing that arranged marriage is becoming very rare, arranged marriage is a good thing. love marriage  This is also a good thing, but in the late marriages, this pressing of buttons is causing a lot of confusion. I would like to tell one more thing through this medium, which will also be in my next video. Importance of primerits counseling is not only our marriage counseling.  The fact that there is discord even after marriage is a new phenomenon which has just started. I am a Little Corners Medical Council does not mean that there is discord only after marriage.  Counseling has to be done, pre-marriage counseling is very important, there will be a separate video, today I stick here that if you are having periods then you are not capable of doing arranged marriage and the girl is 22, 23, 24 years old, please tell your girl.  Brother, it is not in our power, you see, I will tell many parents, I will tell, I will tell you, don't get malaria, don't do it like this, this is India, this is society, this is culture, this is so-and-so, threaten, threaten.  Bully Bully 27 28 year old girl did it Now I don't understand Chowdhary You are also becoming a girl's parents If it was not in your power to find a boy, the boys who are good are like the East facing plant, they will be hanged first and you will have to start from the beginning.  Those who have to be called good, they say no, good boys are not found. If you have married your girl at the age of 28, then you will not get good boys, now you will find men, that boy is no more and he will not correct your definition of good, many people will find North  I am following the Indian society, in South India, plus one becomes plus three and not from today, story marriage 22 23 years, on this day, it was called the next marriage, which was once a late marriage, where it used to happen at the age of 18, I belong to this.  Get married soon, do arranged marriage, this is the best option, now people will say, we will not settle, the time to come is coming, you are never going to be part of the economics cycle, remember this, girls say that we should become something.  When we become something then we will get married, I don't know which study she is doing HD, she gets a job of ₹ 30000 in 30 years, then she finds a boy and his setting is like this, why will you lose your job even at 30, when you have married a boy of 30, 31, 32?  You had to marry a boy from 22 to 30 and you lost your job at 30, so you did this from 22 to 30. Have you married a girl from 22 to 30 in your life? 7  Elder child of 5 years, younger child of 5 years and rearing you go and work for next 40 years brother, could not do job even from 30 to 31 and whatever happened, she would have got married, after that she is thinking of having a child at 33-34 and after that  After that, there is no question of the second one and she turns 40, the child of 4 years is roaming around, this is the truth of life, those parents are also getting married late, they are not worth anything, brother, you are worth helping.  If you are a 22, 23, 24 year old girl then your mother will be 48, 49, 50. Tomorrow you will become pregnant and come to the family and you will need a mother. So, a man of 50 to 55 years of age has life in him, delay it for 10 years.  There is nothing for the 65 year old girl and these parents are the ones who are doing the junk because they have a voice in her like 'I want you, I love you' and 'Hey brother, you are one who.' Official boyfriend, official girlfriend, through whom all your programs have been done for you, nor your man, whose mind is busy in those things, will not even feel like war, nor have you found a ripe husband and wife, whomever you call him, if you get married soon, then 1 year 2.  It is not too early in the year to have a child. I have made a video earlier also that there is no need to rush in it. You have children, but you can get married. Now what is the problem that even the boys do not know what they want.  And the girl's people are even better off in today's society, if the whole world is greedy for honesty, but you are zero in a hundred, if this boy's people are on 60-65 due to the greed of not knowing what we can get, then the girl's people are on 85, 30000.  The girl's committee wants a boy who earns Rs. 2.5 lakhs. The boy who earns Rs. 2 lakhs is also ready to marry the housewife. The salary of Rs. 2 lakhs is Rs. 1.5 lakhs.  The earning person is also ready to marry the housewife but the girl's freckles will be less than Rs. 30000. Then there should be a boy worth Rs. 1.5 to 2 lakhs and he will not be found because if he is found then he will be snatched long ago. You understand that this is an east facing plot.  Understand that if you go to a good shop early in the morning to buy vegetables, you can get them fresh in the evening. You know how they are available, the marriage market is also like this and those who are not able to find these in these places, they have to sugarcoat our lives.  We are not getting good brides, we are getting good daughters-in-law, we are getting good son-in-laws, we are getting good everything, that too is going on in the society, but coming and telling, it does not seem political these days, people will speak like this and everyone knows about the boy.  Nowadays, what is being explained to me is also explained very clearly. The elders tell me the same but do it, but in the time of social media, who has the courage or how to talk like I am talking about you?  By doing that you me  Tell me which wife or husband will tear your papers or tear your book after marriage, just tell me this time, who else will tear or will not let you read or will not let you read, when my video of pre-medical counseling will come, I will have all these things in it.  I will tell you how openly we have to get married, how to talk clearly, there is no one, we are 24 25 year old boy, Mary is 223 year old girl and they are the figure, what was going on in their life and her.  But the rest of my videos will also be linked up that if the parents do not spend much on the marriage, Suhana can spend the money and give them a joke to help in giving them a house, then it will help both of them and incentivize their marriage. Brother, there is no expenditure on marriage.  In the first year I get this much reward, in the second year it is not less, the salary is ₹ 50000 for a boy, ₹ 30000 for a girl, ₹ 8000090000.  The maximum is happening to the people that whenever they are capable of doing something and those who are not capable of doing anything, they are roaming around, one of our India, you pick up the boy, pick up the girl, they are very confused and they are looking like this, the girl thinks that  If only I meet a boy here, a rocket will hit me, my lifestyle will change, I don't know what will happen to me, and the boys don't know how to think about themselves, what daughter-in-law will come, I don't know what happiness she will give us, give it to my parents.  Give this to both parties  If you are confused about love, if parents are not able to do arranged marriage, then the cut off is 24-25 years. If you are not able to do it, then tell them, brother, if you find yourself for love marriage, then the ideal is arranged marriage, this is a desperate marriage, right, press this button.  This one is going on very badly, this one is there, there are conflicts in love marriages, there are also in arranged marriages, I am not agreeing and I am telling this according to the data and do not do any research on this.  No one is talking or mentioning anything. You spread the topic that I have raised today on your groups and check whether it is happening or not. The more you delete the marriage, the more are the chances of trouble in the marriage. Because both the parties will be completely mature, there is no more clay, there is no more flexibility, there is no mode, there is no sanskar, such funds have been completely formed and funds are bullets, it is fine for most of the people and the earlier it is done, the more it is collected.  What you want to earn will definitely depend on your life situation, but still keep an urgency in your mind, there is arjansini, earlier it used to be like many years ago, whose girl was the arjansini of 22, now that is not the case, 27 28 and  If she has got a job then she is definitely not there because the parents feel that it will not take any time from us. The working women of Group B are also officers in the group. Everyone wants any woman in their group.  Don't do this, take it from the one below, India has not become so progressive yet, but if your status is like this, then what is the problem in choosing a boy from here, a boy from here, why do you want only one from here and what happens sometimes, what do many girls do?  Here, when your body looks good, your face glows, you feel that you don't know how many relationships will come, then if your level was like this, then you reject the boys here because you want this, then like -  As  Years go by and then if you had rejected these people then you would not have married them because you wanted this, at the same point and time after date you come to the realization that you are not going to get this because they left the spacing plant before now.  You keep saying brother, get this, now you are not getting even this, you have already rejected this one, now in getting down from the one whom you have rejected, there is a complete loser type feeling, the result train is missing, the boys also get the same. But right now this phenomenon is happening more than the girls' side. I will tell you in a separate video what is happening to the boys. I will tell you about free airtel counseling but first tell me everything. Such an audience, I started this discussion. It was fun.  What remains to be explained in a structured way is that you also have to put in some of your own mind, but I am trying to give a template in all the things here so that you guys can discuss whether there is urgency in parents or not.  You are not capable and when you are not capable then tell them brother, do it Simran ji, find your life, which secret is yours, it is okay, yours is also not in our control, I can't see for how long will you say no, no, we will find it, okay when you feel good.  If you are not getting it, then she is doing a job, traveling, going to college, she has a friend, she has a life, she has an identity, she has to travel, it is her circle, it is her life, so let her do it, then keep the cut off because if we have been ours for 24 years, 25 years.  could n't find a good boy  It's for you brother, then you also keep looking out, why are you not taking decisions together? I had a question from girls that she likes a boy and the father of a boy is liking the one whom she likes.  It is not that you have to marry her at all, it means a choice, she wants to ask, hey, why don't you sit and discuss with your father as to which one is better, why don't you sit together and discuss what happens in pre-medical counselling.  what do i do  A lot of primiratal counseling has also started now in the upper middle class and was going on in the rich class, now it is I want you to come down late because why should those who are rich and wealthy and have brains in their lives utilize this phenomenon? Brother, my next video will be on airtel counseling for free, but for that, you guys please get me at least 200 likes for this video. If that number of likes comes, then only then I will share that video.  I will tell you and write openly on the comment section, just because now you will be 27 years old, so there is no need to look at the street and wonder what nonsense he is doing. If any good can happen to a 21-22 person, then by getting married in this 24 years. Don't tell him that no I want you become something, no one stopped you, I want to tell you that you can become something after getting married, it is also not written anywhere, only In the armed forces, it is such that you cannot leave after marriage because they have retirement qualification. In all the other jobs, you can do anything after marriage. Who said, get married and then leave, then catch hold, then get pregnant and then leave. Then catch it, then take it again, then do it again, then these jobs will not be stable in the future. The life that you see in the pursuit of these jobs has become biological. They say that it will not be biology, then today's result  This is what happens at 32, I don't have to get married, I get so indifferent that I have turned 31, 32, 33, 34, I don't have to get married because you look like you, you know what kind of person you are, look at 24, 25, right, at 32-33.  No matter how much maintenance you do, it is not visible. This is a fact. Be it a boy or a girl, when you are at your biological peak and are reaching that date, it is the D time, when you are in a relationship and marriage.  Come and he will become a source of peace in your life, otherwise you will get irritable at many places and in the market, even after getting married, I will tell you in the next video, what are the benefits and how you can get less business, job and its chances by utilizing two places.  Badh jate ho ho it can actually actually you know me you take off so share the video and like thank you