Hello friends, this is going to be a very interesting topic and don't look away, it is a topic but D. middle class three things which I am doing D. Prediction and my work done in the last two-three years has come true, that is why I got this enthusiasm to move ahead and you  Tell me whether these three predictions will be true or not. What do you think and what should you do so that these three predictions do not come true in your life? Three expenses which the middle class is spending now and will not be able to spend after three years. Things are moving no inflation is moving no three things which are very matter of fact I am telling especially about big lions which is my audience and there is a lot of population in big lions, okay there you will see this immediately and small lions  It will take time to make ketchup there, maybe in 5 years I will be fruitful, this thing is fine but it will happen there also, three things are three things, spending money comfortably, right now there is a little problem.  It will happen but after 3 years, the problem is going to increase a lot, women are very involved in this, please tell this to your women and I will also tell you the solution which is very strong and if you want to save yourself from this thing then what to do and a little lower class than the whole class.  There will also be some comparison and that economy too, so there will be some drama in it, there will be thriller too, there will be economics too, there will be entertainment too, there will be set dr comedy and it will be fun and the learning will be stress free.  Feel free to enjoy and watch the video, okay, no one is bringing this video, yes, after my arrival, they copy me a bit, I feel very good that people give my videos, okay, because what is the best thing in YouTube, it is date and caste.  That this is like a newspaper, not a state, I told her that the videos made after the date, I can say, are inspired by me. Okay, so the first thing is the maid, that is, the one who sweeps our house, does the utensils and food.  If they can afford their expenses  They will become so many, this is an upper middle class, they will live in the houses of the rich class, these sarees have been played out in foreign countries, there is no middle class for the middle class and they have to reduce it themselves and these women who listen to me.  Those who have been living in this house for the last 15-20 years have never used it, is it okay or are the new women who have just got married, etc. and it is guaranteed on taking a broom in a middle class house, if anyone asks?  She will come, meaning it is ours to be less, we are the housewives, we have to manage them and worry, I am always a sarcastic relief, many people feel pain for the housewife, but she is a very weak person, I have to show them the aim but  It is for their welfare, okay, I will not say this, there is no intention of showing it below, okay, because there is a lot of importance in the growth of our country, okay, please give the data of Pakistan in terms of female.  Population and Bangladesh so they head they are coming 19% Bangladesh 32% are participating inward force okay and out of our 19 maximum lower class only middle class women are enjoying a lot okay this D world is okay so this is now you  I won't be able to afford it because my husband won't be able to afford it, it will become so expensive, I am saying in just three years, 3 years seems very close to me, not 15 years, 10 years, 20 years.  It's okay between three years of 2017, you will not be able to upload, you will have to reduce it or dusting will go, it will go to eat, then it will go, let's do it alternately, hit it, there will be some change in the way you are doing it now.  That 30 days will come, I will take your money during two days of leave and it will be like this and there will be so many takes and combinations of these, these tantrums of women will end in 3 years, now they will have to be reduced and we will be able to break them.  But the way it is going on right now, it will not work, this first think Mads bill is ok, second think school, private school fees are going to increase, are going to increase, are going to increase in such a way that in future you will be put in a budget school.  You will have to go to a school or you will have to be put in a school which does not seem that great to you. I am not saying that some people will go to a government school, even in a government school, there can be a life-threatening situation, which is a loan class, but it is not sustainable in private schools.  As a follow out, I am seeing that the people who are seeing this happening are the children who are born one instead of two, first brother, this is bound to happen, it is okay and those who have two are the ones who are in first and studying in nursery.  Bye Tata time, if it goes to fourth and second, then they will rely that I am not making the schools cheap because I myself am looking at the school fees, whether there has been demonetization in between, whether there is a war in Ukraine or not.  Flowers may cause some scandal  The fees have to be increased by 10%. 10%, think very highly, 10% means that the school fees double in a year and I am telling you that this is very true, in many places it becomes even more and many  Sometimes they increase the fees by such manipulations, even if there is a school 800 meters away then it is Rs 3000 for the car, that is fine, it means coming and going, eating food and drinks, books, uniforms, there are so many hidden charges in that school. Fees of this note only about this think, there is some relief at the end, give this Olympiad of theirs, give this, give this, fill this form of ₹ 500, give our annual of 200 today, give these clothes of 1500 today, give 500 there today  Parents are linking money like anything and what happens in school, neither the money that is asked for school nor the parents even spend much of it, they feel that I am poor for my child.  So I will do my best, I will do my best, I will do my best there, I will do my best, where there is a feeling of caste and not me, if it becomes emotional, then there your money is looted, but in the next 3 years the school fees will become like this, you will do something else.  In the case of follow mads, you say that the dog will not be asked to sweep the broom every day in my house or one day my wife will beat me or one day I will beat her or one day you will bring a computer robot or there will be some different account of the utensils, you have something there.  The thing that needs to be done is that I am not able to find immediate solution for private schools because such government schools are also becoming deficient and are useless. They were useless before and are still useless and if you keep praising Delhi so much then the infrastructure rate toilet is good.  Wouldn't school education be better by doing this? Okay, so some things have happened but that means that people have started sending people to some schools, all the people are posted there, this is not happening and it is not about Delhi, it is about the whole of India.  everything is fine so This will be a lot of struggle for the middle class, a lot of it is okay, the third thing is again which middle class is not, finally it is very difficult no but they find the bill it is very difficult after 3 years is buying a tax, what are you talking about tax will buy the salary.  Not Buying Big Tax Bill Note Be A Problem D Running Off D Tax Running Cost Of D Tax It Is Increasing Very This Think Of Your Insurance  The money is increasing, okay, whatever your maintenance, their money is increasing, the associated labor cost, everything is going to increase, the price of the tax itself is huge, you can also look at the wide range which is interesting, but in general its  Which is the cost of running, isn't it the story that the fee for parking is flooding, the vehicles are flooding, the traffic jams are flooding like fans, okay mother, the aspiration of the middle class once in a while is that I hire a driver.  I will take it so that I don't have to worry about it, but brother, that driver's cost will also be covered, then he will make money on it, friend, I will also take Uber, why not take it and why is it flopping, while going ahead, I will make a video on this too, if you can.  Want to have a unique one and that is only in India, that problem is not there in other countries. In India too, I am seeing Uber Roller flopping. It will look like a little oxidation. On one hand, it is said that you are doing this.  You will not be able to boil, the other side is saying that this also will not work, yes it will seem like this, sometimes it seems okay, both the things also get played out, oxymorons say that one thing is not true because of power, one thing in it and the other thing is a contradiction.  If we talk about it too much, then there is a contradiction in this thing, but that video will be different, so these three things are there, this noisy shot is going to happen to you, it is noisy and the aspiration that the middle class is currently having is that of foreign travel.  Indian  While traveling is happening, his other aspirations also seem to be getting curbed and the solution for this, when I told you about it, is a single easy solution for the middle class, which in your case, sir, your wife is sitting and worrying inside the house. His time from morning to evening has been reduced and he will do research. As in India, if the household income is to increase, then women are engaged in work, that time will now be reversed. It will be a compulsion to reduce money and work.  No, brother, you don't have that much money. If women are asked to sweep and start doing utensils, then they will tighten their waist and say, brother, when I have to reduce it, I will reduce it. My father had also sent me to school.  If I am educated, then the date will come again for the middle class. If it doesn't come then women will not reduce their queue. I am not putting any imitation on earning. I am not even saying that you will do a job, you will not earn, you can do it even sitting at home.  I do it on that too, if you want to join then there is a subscribe group in the comment area, you can join that Jain, so like that, now is the time for women to take their family down and hang their lives, it is okay from now on.  Start doing something because you will be at the head of the curve. Now when this cloud of danger comes over women, many women are afraid of doing utensils. In India, many women are afraid of doing utensils. I have a test when I go for consultation or  does something  Am I or the children doing something about washing the tea pot? You guys also do the test and you will get to know about your house. It is okay that the child has a tea pot, neither is it a tea strainer, it has a bandage on it, some ginger must have been put in it or whatever.  Also, he sifts it and pours it, it is okay and the tea is stuck like this and the vessel has been poured. Tell your child to whom to give, he doesn't know whether the tea leaves will go in the dustbin or throw them in the drain. He doesn't know how this is.  Guess how much it will dust?  There is water and in between, many people do like this. You people have kept two, I have kept two, that is why I have the experience of all the things, I did not wash the utensils properly, I did not wash my own utensils, I ate my own utensils, I went to someone else's house and washed them.  I am not saying, my own, my own, whatever is left over from the plate, they do n't throw it in the dustbin, they keep it like this and the maid also does like this, so in the women's houses, sarees are being used in the same way.  it gets blocked you see  Cockroaches are there because food is not thrown in the dustbin like this by people, then when they go to do it themselves then women will enjoy it and this is honey with the middle class. I told you 3 years ago, I have given you a notice of 1003 years ago. You will see this article coming on Twitter space, social media, in newspapers after one dead year, maybe after 10 months, remember from where it was Gangotri original, it was told that dead year ago, it looks like this and people give me that.  People also say like this, subscribe, you are my subscribers, my fine with you can take off your on it, be judo with me and also increase one note, subscribe with in this family, you can make the family strong, na this family ke aaye bhi.  You have to watch it yourself but send this video to your wife. All the men because their wives have also watched the program demanding you from morning to evening. They should not keep giving birth. Oh no no, why their children? They are also becoming like this these days, okay once you give birth to a child, you will not be able to earn money for it for the rest of your life. Hussain Bolt also won gold when he won it. He has to go and run in every race. He won a gold medal once and this will not happen in life.  I will get married, I will have a child, I will become a mother. Now I will not do anything for the next 60 years, this will not work, a break of 2-4 years, everyone understands that start doing something, start doing so much that you can do these three things, at least the fees for med and school here should come down. Which because going into these will take a lot of effort and these three things have to be laid out, now you tell me which one do you think will do the plywood quickly first or will do all three or will do two or will do one, is already doing it. You can see that yes.  dude this So their rates are increasing because it is a school in DC. You see how much the salary of a teacher in a school has been in the last 6 years and how much is the salary of one in the city. If a woman was appointed to a job of Rs 25,000, a teacher or In the same job as someone and from the salary list of his maid ₹ 2000 in d maid's salary s doing d 25000 salary of d madam Haj Note: Even in 50, date is n 33 35 only date is what is happening and those whose lust is happening, they do n't know what is happening, so it is flooding, some rate is flooding, husband will kill, after controlling it, the women who are sitting, right?  This is what Sanu will do at home: Be ready to wash the utensils. If not, then I am going to do a job. I will not give the utensils. In India, it will take another 28 to 30 years for the leaves to wash the utensils.  28 to 30 years, it is okay for you now and I am here, there should be no judgment, I don't have to do this, become a feminist, become equal, I am telling you what is happening in America also, in reaching that stage, in the actions, that is the same.  Everything happens there nowadays because there, why do women also do less? If you start doing less, then you people do it, then after that a situation will come in the next 15-20 years when we probably have 10 billion dollars, where women also do less.  The man is also doing less and yet he cannot afford the maid and then both of them will have to wash the utensils, then it is justified but this cannot happen, brothers and sisters, husbands should go and work for 10-12 hours and the wife should do nothing at home. Do it and ask about the broom. If you have to do the utensils, then the husband should do it like this. Nowadays, it is not possible to find so many dolls and fairies. Is it okay that he is doing this? This will not happen. Okay, so you see, it is okay that this is evil for women. Housewives should really come and  I  I am very very serious about it. I really hope that all the housewives who have heard this video have found it to be very bad. I really hope so because the message was to apply big. If you don't like it then it will be field. Okay, so tell me whether you found it to be big so that  If it seems big then maybe some will wake up because you have been fired a warning shot. Okay, so please tell whether it felt big or not. If you like it then please like it because in their life, in their life.  If there is some butter, then those who liked this video should like it, but those who liked it more, please like it because M of D video is successful, ok, thank you.