Hello friends, this is a very value added topic; watching till the end may seem a bit intellectual but in a very simple way I will tell you the importance and value of time and how utilizing what ever comes from this website will give it a free text so that it can be very practical. If you start improving then you will see validation in your life in just 15-20 days. When is the most important time for the passage of time? No matter how old you are, your young brothers, no matter what you wish, one of you had to go to the movie of your choice. In the journey of life, the moments that pass do not come again. There is something that is in me.  I will not tell you, I will tell you practical things like a grassroots leader. So you just post it and type below when you realize that time is passing. You people have written it. Now I will tell you whenever you drive.  are being  Even if you are a woman and sit on the lift seat in the car, you will still feel that you are going somewhere and there is 10981, there is a green light and the rate is going to be passed, and as soon as you are like that, suddenly  The bag becomes red and then shows the seconds online. This 9 inch seconds is the feeling of going from life and the vote is the feeling that comes from within. If we are locked on other platforms in life, it can be applied in other places also.  Take this it becomes 98491. I have seen people pressing the accelerator at that place, that is, 3540 camp should go on this, I have seen people doing sixty-seventy, I must have seen it too, I don't know whether you have done it or not, don't do it there.  Don't save time, 90 seconds. If there are so many colors in your life, then focus on what you are doing in different places while wasting time in life. If injustice is less, then I would like to give some tips. Guest, I would like to give first. Know from the thing flu that we are not able to say no, many people come to steal our time, some friend will come, some relative will come, anyone will come, friend, you are free, see that property, come with me, you used to say there, now that is one properties, two properties, feed you lunch.  Will he give me the car somewhere, will it be his, that you do joint in such a situation, what do you think of yourself, big journey and once you get a chance to come, you will do this. Now if I tell this to people, then people will say, isn't friendship everything? Should n't we help?  What  If you have to go to see me tomorrow, he will not come, you have to audit this You are not able to say no to make people do not go into which places in life Balveer wants to see any place in this article It is easy to say when only those with whom  Property is the end and those to whom you were giving time, when they move ahead of you in life, they leave you, not that they should, this is also the bitter truth of life that your time goes to those to whom you gave a lot of time in life.  Some?  Thinking also about kinship, friend circle, anything and yours, now why don't you get unique leaves from this country, because you don't have your own agenda, if you have your own agenda of time, then you will not be able to say no to others, you will retire and sit idle at home.  Anyone is free, even your baby will tell you to clean the fan, he will feel very bad if you are sitting idle, I have become a big officer but I do n't know what post Khan has retired from, please clean the fan, poor wife, because he feels empty.  I wonder if you have time, you won't be able to do it even with your wife or wife because I am leaking both the things. The video is going beautifully. You all have to like and share it. You don't have your own agenda for time.  That's why every man steals your time, your graduate diploma is in this app that you can't fail this thing, you ca n't throw it away, you can lie 12 times, you ca n't even forget your introduction to your wife, she knows everything about what you do.  So  Genuinely you have to keep your time alive, okay this is very very important, otherwise it will steal the time of your life from you and there are many people sitting to steal your time, if you watch a video but do not watch it forcefully, you are watching it endlessly. So much content has been created in this review world that even if you spend all your time, you will not be able to concentrate even 2%. Mind you, stop using silicon zoom.  Lo, if you also watch my videos and are a subscriber to my channel, then you should have a high percentage of security that if I listen to this person, then there will be some validation in exchange for my time, because sitting in a bar with friends and drinking alcohol is not the same here.  Passing the time, passing the time in which even one test is left is not good in your life. For example, let me tell you that whatever is your time, either you are conscious or you are earning money.  Are you doing anything else by which you are earning money, this is the timely explanation, second is that he is giving you fun, whatever you are doing, you are enjoying it, third things are validation, then validation makes sense, earn money.  You are understanding that the joy that is there can also come in wrong things. Short term joy. Check out Netflix's web series Win. Hanging out with friends while drunk and what is its after taste. If it is better, then the joke was not right.  The joke should be genuine, something like suppose you are watering plants, you are doing charity somewhere, you are distributing knowledge somewhere or you are asking about the meaning of knowledge, if you enjoy doing something, then you have earned money or is it sustainable?  This is your line, this is very important for you, you have to do it at the ninth of your time, you have to learn to say 'lo' to people first, then it will come to you automatically, did you say no to this, the oil should also be kept cool, if you start saying gender automatically then first don't do it then survive  Keep it and there should be three things in the agenda. Among the three things, either you are earning money at that time or you are getting some pleasure or you are getting value added and the reason for the definition of pleasure was the gross difference. I have explained it to you all. How was this video? Let me tell you when you will start measuring your time and start writing. What should you write in 24 hours? Sleep for 7 hours, 1 for 2 hours, no bathroom, no giving, no eating or drinking. In this type of  It's okay, now what did you do, how many groups did you use unnecessarily, how many adversaries did you see, how did 3 hours pass, you don't realize, it felt like I was a man studying, doing some good work, no third party was asked, just to see that.  This happens with busy places and then you say that someone else has moved ahead. Those who are living their life openly, while those who are moving ahead, I want to tell you one more thing about the success of others that if you treat it as a coincidence, then you are taking care of your own.  take it  You are cheating your life. You are understanding that the person who has become successful in life on a stand basis is making better utilization of his time on a stand basis. So you have to see what is the better utilization of your time. Many of you are busy in solving the problems of international people. Today my girlfriend ran away or this happened, I broke up with her or will my boyfriend move on?  You are giving shoulder to cry and then Australia comes to you, you also like it, giving it to him like this, then you have to care, I am not giving you to you for free, sir, you take away time and knowledge from you 20 30 40 50  You can give 60 percent of your time for free to anyone, you will have to monetize A Package 3240 Questions, otherwise there is only one thing limited in life, that is the time for everyone, the meter increases every day as soon as you wake up in the morning. Everyone gets the same thing in the whole world. Rich, poor, educated, non-educated man, woman, irrespective of caste, everyone gets the same thing. What do we do with it? When a man is young, he feels like this.  No friend, it is a hot time, many young people are in the pursuit of respect, this was my fourth tip, in the pursuit of respect, you waste your time, a man older than you is talking nonsense, you are getting bored. not enjoying it  Just for the take off but person respect you improve in 2 minutes then it becomes five then it becomes 10 you should stop in the beginning deposit is high time for elderly hotspot turn on that diabetic patient don't know how to add value in life gangster  Act enemy not wasting till the end of time and talking only for all. Why is this disease of loneliness coming because one does not want to come to them? Why not come?  Wanted him because I have wished him my time in life. Pune There is that thing in life that he did not do once. He cannot cool down. He is not bearing fruits from big trees. At least you can see the shade from the affairs and it is a big tree.  If you eat then every tree can give, now it is not even giving shade, it is not even giving coolness, it is not giving fruits, if you are not interested, then just saying that it will sit near you in the end feels bad, then you should interest your life and not see this kind of life in this.  I feel scared sometimes Whatever the subscriber base is, man, woman, young or old, I make everyone a family and organize it. Okay, I destroy everyone's contact. How many times can you go? You don't need a man. Forget the maths and logical things that I am telling you, these tips all around and you  If all four are good then write all for or if you apply yourself and the vehicle suits you, then write only one, it will be good feedback for me. There are four practical tips to learn to start writing down. Video: Time is  Going on do it for a month 420 423 Pattern You will know that I am an astrologer but there is no need to see someone's horoscope to tell his future after five months and five years Tell me the schedule of a person for one month How does he find time?  I will tell his future whether he will reach here in six months or in one and a half years or in 5 years and you also protect yourself, do your own thing, it is okay whether you keep crying or remain happy or not.  If you share things, do value addition, keep video city and connect with people, then this is a very important thing, solan to utilize your time in very very fine and you, some people live life as if they never want to die, that people  Maximum people live life like this, live life like this, it is like never dying and die like this, those who come the time to die, die like it never happens, this is the truth of like, very practical people  I am telling you by looking closely because when the time comes to fill the situation, we rely on it and have not lived a full life, not only satisfaction, but a lot is left, I wish someone had told us earlier, he does not waste his time in pain, he is with her.  Doesn't do anything with it till 20 swallows, does something of its own, thinks about itself, does its own thing, ok then tell me how you liked the video and share it with people, please like this video, I know that these videos do not get a lot of views, but then  I also felt it necessary to make  Because their retention is very high, whatever they watch, they watch it completely, so did you watch it completely, tell me, like and share, I will keep bringing such hours, practical and connected to the ground, thank you very much, I have a playlist like this. Intellectual top some videos from people, there are such types of videos in it, if you have not seen them then do not subscribe or even the old ones and those which you have missed, then I have taken out the gems and have put them out with different types of ideas.  It's inside her, please, my request is that you guys should see that too, thank you, A.