Hello friends, four things where the middle class is wasting its money should not be done. The series of middle class is going very well. Before this, three videos have been uploaded. Do watch them also. It will be a lot of fun in the form of a series, so let's start first.  Middle Class of India is trending especially in North India. Middle Class of India is buying things which the state does not need from Mani which they do not have. Launch in the middle classes buying bracket.  Things which state does not need From money which they do not have You impress people who do not care and all this All this from a job which they do not like Sanjay Up middle class is the first thing on which it wastes money Things on functional basis  Don't buy on any other basis. Everything that is bought has its functionality. You have to talk on the phone, you have to wear shoes, you have to do something, you are not buying it on the basis of functionality.  You should definitely go more on the brand but you should do a test on it. I will tell you about that test. I will also tell you the solution for each one. I will tell you about four things, the first thing I am telling you, I will tell you three more what should be done in it.  I will tell you, if you are a glass person, you want to buy any thing, the last date of which is below lakh rupees, shoes, mobile, electronic gadget, any thing, if you can buy it twice or twice.  If you can buy it then you can do it If you can buy only one, then you should buy it expensive. Understand that if you have to buy shoes worth Rs. 8000, then if you can buy two shoes worth Rs. 8000 and your budget does not budge and you don't have to think twice, then those Rs. 8000 are yours.  Then you will not take it for 16 rupees, you will take it for eight. You have to understand this way, this is a very basic test. If I can take it twice in one phone, or if the one I took just broke, then I take it again, then that is my affordability.  If I am buying a phone worth Rs 15000 then I should have the capacity to buy two. You should keep this thing in mind. Remember to buy things based on functionality. The second thing in which the middle class is wasting a lot of money is the higher education of kids in India. There is no doubt that the heart beats for the children, it should beat, it should beat till the last breath, but that is not a guarantee that if you spend too much on the higher education of children, then something good will happen.  IIT is the top thing, this is a very good IIT, they are very strong, they are not that expensive anyway and you have a top brand in the budget, but point five percent children go there, there are fancy colleges open for Rs 199.5, open with fancy names.  And there are very fancy fees and people who are very close to your acquaintances are going there. That's why building some colleges like Jauhar sets does not increase their employment there.  There is a big scam going on there. Placement camps charge such a high fee, then after typing it with a company or someone, after six months, some part of the same fee is adjusted and they are also kept on the tankhvahon and 80% 90  % are fired after 6 months and their record remains. The transparency of placement record is increasing. Please check and those who have passed from there after two-three years should also be checked. Make a blanket, don't go in such a year, this is how the whole of India goes by doing ' I am, I do'. Only the relative is going to this college. For example, if you have become a lawyer, then to become a lawyer, Indian law is taught.  It is not from the law of India, it is not like this law is there in this college and she will study in this college. Be it Chaudhary Charan Singh University, Ghaziabad or Chhotu Ram College, Apna Rohtak, very strong lawyers emerge from there also.  The lawyers there earn more money, the rest go to the corporate world, do two top jobs, do this, do that and the fee is 30 lakhs, 35 lakhs, 40 lakhs and that has separate expenses, the expenses of study are different, the expenses of hours are different and then there.  The whole crowd also goes like this, there is a separate expenditure, this huge expenditure is happening because that money is for the child only, you are not going to spend it on it, but the resources you have are very less, they are limited.  If the resources have to be made in a proper manner for the child, then you have to be very clear in this that brother, has it ever happened in many other places that a child completes a course for 2 years and then says that he is not feeling like it.  There are different programs coming out for different children that it is my man and not the government. Everything is good but it is not easy to enter and where it is easy to enter, there is a pearl fee. Where there is a pearl fee, it is not necessary to compensate for that fee.  If it's happening then you deserve a lot  Diligence has to be done, many parents are mentally thinking that if I have spent 40-50 lakhs then I have done my duty, even after that I can go, do not approach like this, the child is yours and the girl is also you.  And that money also belongs to you and search it responsibly. There is a separate education on this, we do it only once, as if it was Shahrukh Khan's picture, which is something, maybe which one is this?  Thi, we love once, we marry once, we are this brother, you are falling in love many times, marriage is also happening many times, don't spend 70 lakhs on marriage because I am also a marital council, one of the things which I  I do astrology and other things. It took 70 days for the marriage to cost Rs. 70 lakhs. The marriage is not going well and he is sitting there. Both the parties are unable to understand by looking at their faces that I have lost Rs. 70 lakhs.  Is it sorrow or is it the sorrow of breaking the marriage of the child, they themselves are not able to understand that they themselves do not know that it is a sad thing, by spending these 70-70 lakhs, it is not necessary for marriages to last, which marriages have taken place during Covid, right there?  ₹ 1 should not be too much to spend. Do you know that Pandit ji was wearing a suit? He has come wearing 10 more suits and the weddings will also cost the same amount. Even if you wish, 20-50 thousand rupees should not be spent above ₹ 1 lakh.  There will be a marriage, definitely do it with customs, definitely do it with customs, I am not doing court marriage at all, here everyone's registration is done properly, later get married as per customs and also spend the expenses, but two, four, six, seven, eight up to 10 lakhs. Limit it, otherwise there is no end, feed good food to both the parties, their 10 15 10 15 20 relatives who are close, have blood relations, whom they call family.  Call and have your wedding with ease and concentrates more on the wedding. Middle class children are not interested in marriage. They need a pick start from the future. Whatever budget you have taken for the wedding, give the same money to your daughter and son and for both of them.  On the other hand, if the girl's husband has thought about something, if the girl's husband has thought about something, then get her married and give her the money on the basis where in six years, give her that money on every anniversary.  be polite  They are having a baby, the baby is growing up, keep giving for 5-6 years, their money will not be valued, they will become their assets, a house will be built, a car will come someday and they know that they will get an award for good behavior.  When he is getting bonus, the employee has very good behavior, he will not fight, that too the daughter will not complain unnecessarily, he will not like the son's son's daughter-in-law, he does not know how to cook, and everything he does quietly is like good behavior.  Word  It happens, if you keep it, then you will be like, you will get ₹ 500000 on your first anniversary, second year, if you have completed it successfully, now 6 lakhs, third, this is the same money which you did not spend on marriage because it is a burden, isn't it better to have it in the big comment section and quickly.  Oh yes, we have to spend, if we come back after eating so much, then first stop the food, second, send them a packet of food and when they eat, does anyone go to a wedding these days, does he come back with ₹ 5100, right?  Everyone in the team eats their food in the envelope, then what is the need to make it that grand. Every person who comes, every person does not need Newton, there is no need to go to everyone's wedding, very good on WhatsApp. These days the invitation card goes, it's okay, go, these days I have seen in Haryana in my North India, if you have not come to cut it, then we will not come, this degree of difficulty has increased differently, Saga Bhai has also kept Sage Bhai to cut it.  It has been my  It is time for the child to get married so that you too can make him/her sweeter. This is the situation these days. If it is there or not then please tell me do you want more money to be spent in this cycle? Stability of marriage, rates are increasing these days.  If you people are aware, then if you don't know the full cost of the thing then earlier it was clear that it is the company of many births, as if it happens every day and has to be followed in whatever way, then why are you spending so much on the event? money can be saved and  It can be given only to that couple, it is not someone that you are carrying on your chest, you are saving for them, they are spending a lot, the middle class is not that much, the situation is not that much, they don't have that much juice, they don't have that much expense.  They are doing it and then after spending it, they spent so much on a 4-hour event. Then you don't have the money. Is there any need for the children in actual, whether they have to give a down payment of 10% or 5%. Is there any expense?  No one has gone to help because you have invested all your money in the marriage. Be it a boy or a girl, you have to reduce this. The fourth thing is shopping. Those who have no other money, they do not have a child yet. You have a commercial real estate in 10th, 11th, 12th.  Bought an estate and got stuck there, if you buy a house for your child only, by the time he is born, his graduation will be done, the house will be in your name, the child will live outside, if there is a good job, then feed your child, take care of me many times.  It comes in the comment section that we have studied, written and done everything, now should we also buy a house for them? Han ji, you will have to buy because the economics cycle is like this, it was not like this at your time, it was easy to get a job at your time because you studied.  Now everyone must be educated, people are made by doing first tu ka yeh three ka b, three four ka si, even today 2, 3 ka also becomes four ka si, but people are the first ones who do yeh tu ka yeh three ka bhi ₹ 5 lakhs.  people give now  If this competition increases and goes into crores, then those jobs are the same. If I am talking about organized sector, then I am talking about government jobs, then it has become very difficult for today's children. Generally, all the jobs are dependent on small town, so 20-  It is costing Rs 25-30000. If it is a big city then it is costing Rs 30 35 40 45000. Will he build a house in it? When will he build it? His house will never be built.  It will never be built in the next 20 years because you can check the real estate rates in London. The biggest worry of the parents in London is that their children will never be able to build assets and stay in their own house. Thank you because there, in India.  There is also a system that people should live with their parents, they don't even want to have independent parents there, you know their heart also beats in a foreign country, it beats there too, it is a matter of biggest concern for the children in India.  The same story will happen instead of buying a ridiculous big asset of yours where you say that if you want to live then you can stay here, now it is not possible to live there with your mother-in-law and you don't even feel like living anywhere else if the same assets make little sense to you.  Take it brother, take 65-70 of the big asset that you bought at 100% and get a discount of 35, enjoy the BHK, enjoy spending a lot of money here, your child will live in it, the child will not remain, he has gone to Bengaluru.  So give it a Chaddha on rent, then when the child comes, it will live on it, otherwise take your opinion instead of making one big, I know so many people, I have built a house with three floors each, the children went there, first to Hyderabad, then to Bengaluru, sometimes to foreign countries.  It is a country house of 500 yards, it has 3 floors, it is old age, the tenant does not keep it safe, he does not understand what to do, it is ok for him to maintain it, the house was built with a lot of desires.  When this is happening to people, then the last thing they need is I will be finishing my video song, you are impressing them but you are rich otherwise you cannot impress anyone from the middle class properly, especially when there is so much loan. That's stupid. You have to impress. Impress with your mind. Impress with your thinking. Impress with your knowledge. Brother, people can be impressed with different things too. Instead of physical things, this is another higher option.  Spend it wisely on education, don't spend Rs 30,40,50 lakh at one go. According to me, different small courses, short courses of three months each, have you ever done this, have done this, gain knowledge from different places. Do it genuine, he is not looking for a job by giving you a degree, he is making you sit for 15-20 minutes 1/2 hour, he is asking what was to be done and after getting it done, he is seeing that you will be able to do something by helping.  You will get some meaning, you will be able to add value to the system, you will get a job according to your degrees, people will be interested, actually, I will make complete videos on this also, there is no need for so many people to do degrees, the second quality is so bad, increase its quality 10 times.  The faculty has to be paid 20 times and its fees also have to be increased five times so that the number of people is reduced. There are so many people here, everyone is sitting here with double double graduation and no one.  Well, we don't have the right to study, read everything, we have to do the same, how much degree should we take, ultimately, what will we do, what should we do and what we are capable of doing, how much degree should we take, okay then that.  This is a simple thing, this thing has to be done openly, the middle class is feeling bad about the ghosts in the video, those who are writing but are opening the ghosts last, this thing has to be done to open the eyes.  The third thing about marriage is that there is no use in spending Rs. 1000-2000 notes on the wedding function. If you are not a political person, you have to get votes, you are not a public figure where you are getting a lot of money, the amount spent on marriage is normal.  If you are a middle class human being, Musaddilal, if you are an office person, then brother, don't spend a lot on your children's marriage. Give them money so that they can get couple bonus and their parents' tax income is negative.  There is no tax on blood relations, there will be peace in their life, there will be no fights, you want your children to be happy, no fights, if the marriage becomes strong, then this will have to be done, do not spend at all, we are on 5 lakhs.  There is no need to do more than that, definitely take the rounds as per the customs, definitely give clothes to Pandit ji, wear your best photos, you can see in the wedding, open your albums and see who came to the wedding, that person was 15 years old, 20 years old.  Your first encounter was 25 years ago. How many times will you get to see her again? You will keep asking during the day - yours, mine, half of the photographs have people like this, let's make the last one assets thoughtfully and according to durability, make such mouths.  What are you feeling good today? Have you become fat today? What will you think of my relatives today? Will you tell me to meet the sir? Make everyone understand how many children they have, where will they live, what will they live with, and understand their thoughts as well, and not as a moral obligation.  But apply with your mind, you have the power to create an asset. The cycle is going like this. Even if the child is not employed or has just joined the job, what will he do? Your parents should also prepare something for him.  You must have left the family, if you did not leave it, then it means that you will not make it, that if you do not get anything then I will not do anything, I grind the mill and my child will also drink from there, then the country cannot grow and the society cannot grow.  can if someone like this  It is said that we made the wheel, someone did agriculture before that, someone started fire, so human beings are congratulating each other on the basis of what they have done, so high hope that you guys liked the video, all four are history.  Write down which of the following are you going to implement because the first one will not be implemented, will I do the second, third, fourth, or will I do all four? Well, such a creator will be at peace, the content creator is proud, I was able to give a few messages, I know the general thing, but by explaining it like this, let's discuss something on some platform here and it becomes a topic of discussion, please share it on WhatsApp group, family group, above.  If this family is written like this, then please discuss with that person that these four things are good, those who have spent the money will say no, this is useless, this is also a silo, one who gets married only once, who has spent every  He must have paid for education, he will feel that hey, this has to be done, only by doing it there is benefit. Many people are also sending their children to foreign countries for education, I don't know which recognized and nice one will stop and it will be fine.  I don't know what happens next, I just have enough money to go out, I have to do it, detailed videos will be made on that too, what all is wrong there, please share it with you guys, thank you very much.