Hello friends, you are sleeping at night and God should come and wake you up. Son and daughter, you will wake up. There are three problems in your life which were troubling you a lot. I have to solve them. Tell me in 15 seconds. Now this problem is not yours like this.  You can say, make me richer than Mukesh Ambani, he makes me race for awards, then get me married to him, that will be a contradictory thing, Akshar, what were you thinking that God knows all that, okay then what?  You will be able to react in 15 seconds. Are you prepared for the interesting video? It is going to be a must watch till the end in life because many people will understand the Punjabi driving in this type on holiday. What is this thing? Please answer anyone's question in the comment section.  If the situation is good then there are four types of people roaming in real estate, I will discuss four-five types and I see them every day and feel them every day, so tell me at what time and we will describe them.  I will tell you what type you are and what will happen towards it to create real estate awareness. There is also an announcement so you stay connected. Firstly, there are people who want to buy property, so I have made it simple that they have money, first they have to buy property.  So this one is like this, we will discuss these, the second is that the investor has many properties, many of them and buy them in this form, the investor is in China, he understands the end price of it, a little label of Idea Informed and above is two.  it  It is okay. Third, this tiffin is stranded as if it is a lover who has rejected and gone away. If my love sees my revenge after colliding there, then try to take revenge on social media with a relative or a builder. You should be stranded in Greater Noida.  The victims or the stranded people from somewhere else, the witnesses and the whole world should be proved innocent for them and then the grapes are sour or whatever Twitter has done to them in their life, they can no longer think rationally.  There was one place where there will be cheating, so it means that all these girls are cheating that I should not get married. Okay, so one and the fourth one is that recently you have taken some real estate, this is also under this lot, there are a lot of property owners, so you guys.  Have taken it, this is also interesting, I will dress them also that you have taken the property, what do you also have to do, they have also taken Rocky, now you do n't have any more money, you can make it on Windows 7, okay, we have taken it, take it out What is happening to you?  Okay, these are the people, on the other hand, I am very lazy, I have got mixed with these people, now what do you know, I have more money, so I will address them too, all this cutting and I will address this. First of all, I want to tell you that  He is taking the first property and is roaming around in the charity, he is not attended to, every time he receives a message or comes on a call, Adarsh ​​Bhai Saheb, this is my family property, become hard and his voice is mean, he is visible, so I ask.  You have got a job. Yes, there will be a marriage. Yes, the child has been hijacked. It was my first job. I thought it would be a scan. How will I get a job? I thought I had a job. I was also married. I had also thought that I would be looking for a job with my mother instead of my wife. How will she turn out to be a life partner, how will she be, will she cook at home, will she meet me or will North blow her away? When you get married, you only see a face, you see only a body, you see some sweet words, you don't know how the future will be.  had to take a lift  Otherwise, if there is no oath, promise, affidavit of reaction, if it is not there in the video, then it is okay, and if the diagnosis is also unfortunately, then the man above marries or someone in the family will be a driver, then this would stop some marriages in this family.  If you don't have then it would be better to get married then I said that you also had a child, you were wearing it, what happened in it when you are born in the form of delivery, on the day of those who have children at 9:00, sentiment, the first child becomes a baby, the baby pump comes. Vivi, who was your wife, starts getting a little strange. 9 You get used to it a bit. This is the first child and its modes and settings are different from those of the wife. So for the first time you saw that too, a natural process. Before this, you bought a shak for the first time.  If it happens for the first time, a lot of things happen in life. Firsts happen right from the childhood of a child, every time, speaking for the first time, walking for the first time, going to school for the first time, getting good marks in school for the first time, participating for the first time, failing for the first time, passing for the first time, doing well.  this first one felt a lot  It remains not to be afraid of this, I am buying the first house, getting the first marriage, the first child, having the first job, the first love, no, the first thing is to be afraid of it, this is such a thing that it can be understood, I will tell these people with a classic example.  Party decrees will also be all addressed Instantly Just and Shot Announcement I am launching a related course On the 10th of full moon I will raise awareness in many ways Platinum Membership Mandatory  I will do it only for them, okay, this time is coming, the time is coming, 15203, it is very good to learn things, whatever head of vegetables, the time will come, the fun in it is different, there is no time in summer tips, okay here Robbins Akshay Now I will choose, the first one which you will attend my class is real estate course which will start on 10th which I will discuss later also, so now I will take the example of first delivery, sir's wife is about to deliver, so what do you do, a good one.  You select the hospital whose brand is good. Mike, you select the doctor who has not been there or the one who will do the operation. Do regular checkups with the one who has a good reputation. If he does not check, then everything is in your hands right here. His regular checkups are in your hands.  Getting a checkup done, choosing a good brand, getting checked by a good doctor, taking care of it and generally Abhinav S U read here also, what happens in the first trimester of delivery, what happens in the second trimester, what happens in the third, what does the baby say to me?  Husband and Syed duty and woman's thoughts have been blurred, she does not have time to acquire the knowledge of learning so many words and nowadays even mothers used to give birth to children. In some other times, the food habits were different in that time, that was how Bhindi says that  Hey, we have done it like this, I don't know how these days, by keeping it so twisted, they did not disturb their husbands, this video will be made of that, it stops here, okay, only then I will sit down, there is a lot of content there.  but real  If you want to talk about estate then it is not the first time, it is nothing, you will get to learn and understand the list in it. Those who are very good investors have very good knowledge, they will teach you how to ride a bicycle by leaving your hands. Do you know how to ride a bicycle? We folded our hands, I am fine, I am good.  I thought, I will teach you how to drive with folded hands. Okay, you will become better next. If you understand things better then you can also join. Okay, you have a very good opportunity. I am the one who is stuck. Send them a message that there are not many options in life. In India, ads are five percent, four percent, tax is imposed on it, you get three percent, a share market, a real estate, you can take a little bit, the rest you are good to go, which bitcoins will you not take? It is not that I will recover my money from real estate and I will recover my money from Bitcoin, it will not be that much and you cannot take one crore in it nor can you get a loan, so I will tell you how to recover that thing.  Some people have taken the window from the gym and hand it over to them. Don't want to know the current president. Then the property has been decided especially in Gurgaon. I will make rest of the cities also on the example of Gurgaon. So if you are from Jaipur or from Lucknow or Chandigarh.  They are from Mohali, they are from Panchkula, they are from Nashik, they are from these cities which I am telling you, they are from Mumbai, they are from Pune, they are from Bengaluru, you can also add them to the real estate course because  This point which I have named will clear your doubts among the cities there, rest of the cities are also up to Meerut, you have your own Kota, you have your own Bhopal, okay Indore soldiers, the best one of the city is situated there, go to that city and you Kanpur Agra Can Also With One Okay, if you have open interest in all these shares then we will discuss half also. Okay, this is Rohtak and the rest is the GT Road belt, what is happening here, we will do it here also, Haryana.  We will do it for Shimla also, okay and this will happen for Shimla also, okay and which city is it, I mean, what I remember at all, is that we will take everyone with us, how is the plot, how to approach, what about the flight.  How to calculate, what is the book value of the property, how much is it, how much is the margin for the builder, will it do well in the future or not, is it important? Will no people cry there, will the airport do well in the future? What do you say, infrastructure has arrived there.  So it would be good to give really don't know real estate how your real estate increases 4000 5000 old history book how real estate even at the time of Chandragupta Maurya there must have been real estate there must have been fifty, that too must have been houses and something else What is that when From that level, you will learn that India's number one related clarity will come to you, then in future like this, I will not call it a law by calling it a stand and test it Swami Utarna India Ka Paste, how good it is.  It is very good but it is based so show me the batter food from it and I am making it. I am speaking. Well, I am speaking like this because I am so fond of giving it number two to education. This is the way I connect.  I am doing this, some people click on it a lot, I do it with this subscribe local, what is the difference between South India and North India, how are the rooms of South India made, how is the drawing room, the thinking of North Indians is like a pimple.  Be impressed by seeing the fun in the disco. South Indian style is a very small topic and a lot of interesting things. If you want to do a job in real estate then it will be very good for you tomorrow if you do it while sitting at home. You can do a job, you should be so intelligent, you should have all the knowledge inside, but I will give three classes on balcony only, balcony only. I will give a class on which floor you should buy a house on. Inside, then outside the lion, Singh was diamond. Which floor is it? how to choose  How to choose, how to understand the dry maintenance, whether it is good or bad to have friends over, how the property is sold, hospital, all the information on this side like how the food is prepared in the kitchen inside the hotel, how the food is prepared, what is the procedure.  What is the thought process, what is the further thought process, so much weight, it will be very fun, you people will understand in a structured way, you people are needed because I have to tell you this and press soil comes, I am not busy yet.  They will ask whether to buy a plot, to sell a plot, to buy a plot, when I return, I am not able to understand, till then these many more checks have been raised, now that number will not come, then the decision is to be made because it is clear what I have to take, I will give that clarity to all of you that Whenever those boxes will be this trick and you have understood this 666 I want to buy that stock which is Pizza 2017 ROC is also above this accused above 25 Debt to equity points less than five  The market cap is above ₹ 5000 and the company working in the same sector, acid screenr.com, will also talk to companies through filters, that is why they will bring this stock market information in real estate, I will tell you these methods so that whenever you get clear  I should have so much rental for this, if that thing like the address of the brand alarm goes into the decision that how will you be, otherwise you will keep thinking brother, you will keep thinking that the goods will go away, you will keep thinking that I am your love.  I don't know what happened, everything is fine, so that is the time of decision-making, seeing how the hits within the run are increasing, okay, and that is gradually, now what was earlier, it was building from central, gradually.  The water keeps adjusting its temperature from and to the temperature which you Google this Android, it was running till Android, now has that water also started getting a little hotter, end of the frog jumps and goes, because the frog is so fine, the frog is so  You go away, that is the signal that in the current market, no one has the time or energy to convey, forget to teach, brother, listen to me once, don't listen, there are so many standing in the queue, that time has come that sister 20 Friends, my sister is standing up, so now to explain to the NGO, Chotu or anyone sitting at the shop, I am showing him the font again and again that madam, this suit is looking like this to you and it is necessary to fold it like this. And from this only you can understand which color is it and if you want to buy it, then tell that now sister has developed the habit that she will stretch the suit completely, make it fit, touch it again with her hand, then apply it like this, then do it like this, then bargain and  Then they will buy it. Now they are being told that this is the suit, I will open the suit in The Master Test and I will tell you how such a suit is also selected, how, tell me one thing, the examples which are available somewhere in books, on YouTube, in newspapers.  It is heard only that the teacher who can explain with good examples is the one who has good knowledge and the Guru is the one who makes you realize the things at the level of answer to your mind that what is happening now is like folding a T-shirt.  I don't even know whether it is a corner one or a scared one and I have to select it and tell me brother, how to select it, I don't even know whether it is round neck or that one, so I will tell you, I will teach you, what do you want to learn?  You also want to become a master artist and want to become an interesting person because I want to tell you that you are considering yourself very simple. Answer in yes or no. I want this and nine comments. Okay weather you have understood as a great you. Will agree with fully, a middle class own, a sound, a middle class to a group B officer, this is of even more level, you know, then whose hello today, salary of lakh rupees, guess this.  Pollution, put 70-80 thousand, like it well and it will multiply further. Dead person is adjusted mother. Inflation adjusted. Witness of property worth Rs 100 crore in next 50 years. Hoggard transaction. I repeat again, if you are 75 years old then you will not be there because  Age girl, but if you are of real age and are above 40 then you have to do extra flat and intra flat, so I have given the formula by sectioning.  If today you are 25 years old, then in the next 50 years there will be transactions of property worth Rs. 100 crores directly in your immediate family, you will buy, you will sell, you will get inheritance, your brother-in-law will buy, your brother-in-law will buy, your parents will buy, you will sell, your father-in-law will buy.  Or in this system you will get properties, sometimes it will be agricultural land, sometimes you will sell the shop, you will buy it, the transaction of property is that you will buy it and then sell it, the turnover in the middle of the purchase.  It is said like in stocks, if you have 10 lakh rupees from the net then when you buy and sell it with ₹ 1000000 then it is best to buy and sell stocks worth 85 crores within a year at 370 paise and 10 lakhs.  You have it okay, but have you ever been restless? Have you ever become a Bigg Boss? Have you ever been a Bigg Boss? If you used to do trading then you call it turnover, then in the same way you people believe that your hundred  It may be close to Rs. 100 crores, if you don't have the knowledge about it now. Come, this is important from studies, this is important from job, this is important from everything, I will also study a little below marriage and relationship, otherwise such big things and this  By not following the teachings, decisions are being taken at the wrong place, instead of being created, the belt is being destroyed and is becoming fragrant because no one is understanding that destiny.  There are transactions worth Rs 100 crores. You had taken a plot worth Rs 50 lakhs from someone's father, when it became worth Rs 4 crores, you had made 50. The son is worth Rs 4 crores, so how much has been transacted? The victim is worth Rs 4.5 crores, now he is worth Rs 4 crores.  In between, you wanted some 11 crores and bought it like you did, that transaction is worth 60 crores of tension, then you kept them for 5 1015 whatever years, then you bought some  If you want then it is your own but if you have your own brother then add that also, you can influence him yourself, if the business director will listen to you then your children listen to you, your parents can also listen to you, your brothers and sisters can also listen to you.  You can understand that if you are intelligent and have knowledge, like if you know, if you become a doctor then there will be someone in the family to listen to the song and your circle of doctors will know that the disease is there, then you show it to the orthopedic, show the song that you can become.  those with children  If penetration is okay, then difference in diesel, family witness to certain, sick, alive house, do you know Isi Ji, do you know stunt, do you know stomach ache, do you have bone pain, do you know knowledge, then you go to a source of that.  You become influential and people immediately ask if there is a doctor in the house. Similarly, you want to become a real estate doctor, New Delhi Master Blaster because you can monetize this thing also. This is not the gold of a real estate consultant, people seem to insist on giving him a lot of money, and what will he tell me, which protein is on his side, I will give him, yes, you will spend three crore rupees, 30501 disease can be destroyed, RERA  Or not that hey, it is a registered error, it is not certified, there is a barrister certificate difference, all the differences are to be heard for free, by the way, do not ask which section will be covered, I am of law and how will it be covered with the doctor.  So if you do something fast, then this is telling, then tell this for free, every person is not understanding anything, due to that the doctor gets confused that the medicine he has written is solid, it is actually a problem inside you, it will fold like this, from there he should do this next thing.  10 minutes Next cuts the slip, if seen silently, the doctor is seen there, the school people are seen silently increasing the fees, no one asks the doctor, flower seller, oh friend, you are increasing the fees, there is such a passion in the child, if he gets into a government school,  If we do n't get a toxic job, we may not get a job here, but we are doing our duty, but you are increasing the fees so much, no one asks me anything, you give silently, you give everywhere, you protect us silently, we do n't even know about it. Money is being given everywhere, but people feel attached to their knowledge and in doing that, value the knowledge, when you will get the knowledge by giving money, then when someone will ask for the knowledge, it is not free, that should not be given even after taking all the money.  If you want to donate a little, I will help you. I donate 90 percent but to be able to donate 80 to 90 percent, I also charge 5 10 questions that if you donate 100 percent, then it is not worth it, and then it is your validity, not only that, it is delayed the whole time.  If there is no value then whatever real estate you want to join, you will have to take platinum membership, you will have to press the join button, Android people can see it, Apple people can see it, phone people can see it. Join is visible, if not then I will give you the link. You were not able to see it long ago, but nowadays you have changed the settings in YouTube. I don't have an Apple phone, so Iodine is fine, so if you have one then please let me know and join.  It is not only real estate, is there anyone who will join me in Platinum Berlin, Astrology too, if you have garlic, you have the whole package of share market in it, you will see 6-7 things, the one who understands, the wife understands astrology.  If your son understands the real estate stuff, if you understand the staff, then it is like a Netflix subscription which is in every corner, you can enjoy it comfortably, watch it without stress, there will be happiness in life, there will be control, it will be fun, you will learn very well. If you get that product weeks SIM mini people want a full moon can see digger class will be alive respect idol and sun tan free data is absolutely fine improvement intestine 5222 enroll which take  Membership Let me know on WhatsApp Abstract On platinum membership side Saint Toe Me on Telegram group Platinum members hair oil notification will come and end on membership page Also all notification welcomes you will get toe see recording Horlicks in this also you have missed it, it is not your time  So you will see the recording of Safar Aaj Tak, the videos for the platinum members were burnt and he bowed on his knees to all of them.  If you get to see it, it is not that even if you get it now, you will get to see the old ones, but the fun of getting involved in life is different. What happens in life, what happens in the recording, you get the knowledge that electricity is available in every life, this Guru element.  The difference is, okay, one, I, you get knowledge, we get knowledge in life, it is a game of energy, because everything is not told in the recording, whatever is said back and forth is also a recording, there is fun in that too and those who listen to me live, they know.  It's okay if it has a difference in life.  It is okay to add only those who are new people who will join the lines but for some reason got admission in the class. Reference of your class will speak. Okay Sudhir Rakh All Hundred Topics and Real Estate Witch Needs to be Understood Why People Should Be Worshiped and Decision  Making is not just something that you are good at, what to do, you know everything to do, treasure, you have to check the inventory, how to check by going to such sites, you will know that on the motor phone.  By checking the number you will get to know. By checking the CEO's phone number you will get to know. You will be informed about all the details in a comfortable manner. The questions which you have not even thought of will be answered and if your questions are answered then it is very good.  This is going to happen by interrupting and this is the energy of the coming five-six months, ur very quite difficult Holi setting, we were on 10th September for learning that it was true that 2022 is coming to an end, 2030 is coming that the time is very  If it is good then India lost the match to Sri Lanka, India took four hours, what did I get, I lost once again to Pakistan, my heart broke, I died, I was tired from the office, what did I get, those cricketers are rich, they even bought a flat worth Rs. 64 crores.  After removing this, it doesn't matter whether you win or lose, you are associated with them, delay and time were long years back in your World Cup used to be held in Australia and at 3 in the morning I wanted to wake up by setting the alarm, then Santa Banta, use the time of life.  But why do we do it because there was nothing else interesting to do, otherwise what to do? Similarly, it may happen in your life that perhaps you had something else interesting to do, so what to do, let's watch the match. So don't watch me, people tell me that no you have done that webinar then it is a match between India and Sri Lanka, then who won and who lost, you get complete freedom, if you see theirs now, then I have Arjuna Ranatunga, Aravinda D'Silva and  After Jayasuriya and Muttiah Muralitharan, I don't know the name of which of their players should go, ok and good work going on, look at Sri Lanka itself, without him, the country has become a big country, it's ok, I will make a video on cricket too, brother, should not?  Watch cricket match with rational, you will enjoy that what is the conspiracy of the British in the world chamber and who plays from the country, you see it is ok, this channel will get running, it will help in India and abroad which pick countries play and  Subcontinent video is famous and what is the conspiracy behind it? Okay, do you want a video? Okay, cricket's conspiracy, by doing it like this, okay, the dark truth of cricket that I feel like making a video out of nothing, how to make it like people make only one  If I get a million views, my volume is not even in use. This number of people with one million are not going to understand my point because they don't have that much attraction and patience. If you are still listening to me, then I request you that cricket.  But if you want, cricket too  Write it down so that you can please tell your children or yourself or your boss that if you see a woman who keeps on doing best from time to time, people do not know what else they can do with her, that is why they do it, then she will come back, then she will come again, it is okay.  So Will Utilize Time In Learning Hot [ __ ] Maximum Of You Thank You Are A