Hello friends, this is a very amazing and interesting topic and again I have brought not as an astrologer predictions, five trends which you will see in the coming time, you also have to think about how to benefit from them, I will give you some suggestions, these trends will keep coming but before that I will tell that  These are the five trends that I have predicted earlier and you people have been connected with me for a long time and you are the ones who write back that if you are right then I will discuss those four-five trends. Because I say that whatever I say starts getting published in newspapers and everywhere in six to nine months, so first of all we will discuss it. I had told many people that the propterist in Goa is going down, it is going down and you people have seen it.  However, whether the Goa government has done anything beyond that regarding the case or not, your data is from China, but the fact is that it is wrong for you to tell someone, if you had shown the correct one, I have not made a video on it yet. Let me come and express my opinion on it because I also wait. Let all the truth emerge but the fact is that a lot has already been made on this. If you do it now then everything has been made. But who told you earlier? Do you know when Akshay Srivastava  Ji used to promote it, I used to say, don't get trapped, go to Goa, eat, drink, enjoy, come, Goa has become very expensive, everything is very expensive there, they charge more there, instead people go to Bangkok, Thailand and other places.  If Pattaya is cheaper, then you can do that workout. Secondly, my prediction was correct. Secondly, I had told you before the results came and that you should not invest money in Ayodhya also. You should not invest money in Ayodhya, it is a tourist place, so do that workout. In the coming time, you will also see Dubai.  Already it is visible, you will hear the real story there, don't even want to mention Dubai, the middle class is shrinking. I had told this 3 years ago that the middle class is getting a fat base. The middle class is going down.  Today the boss of Nestle speaks and in the newspaper that the middle class is shrinking, when you are looking at the stock price of FMCG, I had told earlier about where the stock price is going and the job is also tight, I had told that brother in jobs.  There will be issues and I always used to make videos like that so this was my first one, today I have brought fresh five for you guys, in which fresh five, how much, what benefit is to be availed, how to avail it, you tell me and which one you can also see.  Which one are you surprised to see? And the fourth one and the fifth one will be very important. Anyway, the first trend coming for you is weddings. It seems that people are not doing it. This trend is visible but the trend is the actual trend. Marriages are happening but will be late, it is just that what a 25 year old is not doing now at 25, he will do at 32, 33, 27, a 28 year old will do at 35.  There will be but there will be less and late and there will be only one child instead of two or there will be no children. Okay, if this trend continues like this then it is a trend. Even if marriages are late, people will be mentally, physically and emotionally prepared but being late is bad. Well, we will not discuss it but what is its follow out, that is my second trend because every trend is linked to each other, because if one trend is happening then the second trend is linked to it, so the second trend is that  The demand for small houses will increase a lot in big cities. 500 carpets, 600 carpets, 700 450, these people will be alone, will be living in, are doing jobs, are not getting married, so now they will have to live separately, the girl is living somewhere of her own, the boy is living somewhere of his own.  Have been living in living-in temporarily, then today living-in with him, tomorrow living-in with him, there are many chances of increase in divorce, that too is a trend, so inside small houses.  The demand for small houses is going to increase a lot and the rental yield for the same will be high in many cities and it is a very good thing for investment, it is better than FD because FD which is 25 lakhs, FD gives ₹ lakhs, suppose you get only 12500.  If interest comes then if you eat that interest then next year the FD is worth 25 lakhs, then next year you eat it again and again it is worth 25 lakhs and if you ever thought about FD that  If it becomes Rs. 25 lakhs, if I do not pay interest this year, then I will not get interest that year. You will also get rental lead in real estate and there will be capital appreciation. The day the elderly people above 60 understand these basic things, their demand will increase further. Now Some Investors Are Required To Finance This Because It Is This Generation Will Never Be Able To Even Own Such Houses In The Coming Time Because these things which cost 50, 60, 70, 80 lakhs, which are coming now, will also become worth 1.25 crores in four and a half years and those who are not able to buy them today, 18, 19, 20 year old boys and girls are in college, they should earn that money.  If he goes to 25-26, he cannot book anything today, but he is getting ready, just like the house is getting ready, so think about this, today an 18-year-old How many children are there, how many are 19 year olds and they will go to big cities to get jobs, they will not get them, but the game will be in big cities. Third thing: Again, I am taking it from my old prediction but I am adding a new element to it. Jobs will continue to.  Become tight tight, you understand, like we heard Anna's case, Narayan Murthy ji's, some say 70 hours of work, some say 84 hours of work, some say 18 hours should be done, some say China.  This atmosphere of tightness is created behind this, recently there was a thing on reddit on which there are many such discussions, there too no one has told the name of the company but everyone said that the name and  Shame the company, he says that you are not allowed to be heard through the screen, shake your neck, you cannot talk to your colleague, the rule is that if you want to talk to your colleague even for office related work, then you have to do so through message or through Teams.  You will have to talk through that, you will have to talk by not taking much washroom breaks. You can't use phones, you ca n't have any conversation and you are getting pain in your eyes by looking at the screen like this, so if you try like this then try taking some breaks.  For this, you will become like this, that too is not made bonfire. He has written that everyone else told him that brother, tell me the name of the company and he is saying that brother, if you guys make videos beyond this, then this is also spreading a lot, which such company?  I do n't know my  I don't know directly what is the situation in such companies of yours, please tell me, but they will keep on sucking the blood, they will pay the salary of one person, they will have the intention to do the work of two because they have made sweat shops like those textile sweat shops in Bangladesh.  That's why those things were sold more in the market because the cost of labor was so low that the cost of the product gets reduced, then in America it is sold at a huge margin, so this is the same sweat in the IT industry.  The shop is open, pick it up, charge the next one, pay the client according to the hour, pay them per month and make them work on Saturday and Sunday also, make the working hours longer and pay salary accordingly, then this thing will happen now.  Had I predicted this a little earlier also, I told it a little better, now this will happen, gig economy will start some times, now the employee will release that I also have to do some more work, which is called Moon.  It is called lightning or something, if caught then it will be caught and everyone here is saying that brother, you have become 36, 37, 38, so start learning other things also, knowledge base income is very high, hair in people like me come and tell that yes brother. Learn some knowledge, give knowledge, become a consultant, real, many people need these things, I have a course on pre-marital consultation, what is the course, it is a recording of two and a half hours, some 700 some rupees.  There must be some discount on that too, right now, so brother, people are consulting for 55000 rupees for less than one pizza. Now, if I am wrong in this matter, then you may be cheated as much as you would lose on one pizza. Not with you because the amount is only this much but not just one but many people are asking those 30 questions, you have to ask how it will happen, all that has been explained in it, now 50 lakh marriages are to take place in November, okay ahead. In December and in India, no matter how few weddings are done, even that less is going to be worth lakhs. Okay, so in future, when we do these late weddings, it is very important to hire a pre-marital consultant. Pre-marital consultant is highly recommended.  I told you that it is okay, you will get a discount on it, there must be a code and after applying it, you will know what I am claiming, whether something can be done so cheaply, you will have to do it and till then  In the future, women will also do a lot of this work, it is okay, they are earning, now women will come into the gig economy, they are learning and there is a blue ocean opportunity, they have gone to big societies and done some clothes work, they have taken suits from here, they have taken them from there. Below Rs 40 lakh, there is no point in paying GST unless the sales are that high, if two people are doing it, then it is Rs 880 lakh. Okay, so a lot can be done, can be taught.  The fourth trend is that living in small cities will become hell. Right now big cities are being ridiculed. I am telling you this trend right now which means you will see it in a year. Right now there will be no opportunities in small cities, everything is big. What is the definition of a big city? Delhi is the only big city. This is not only the top seven but all the state capitals are also there but you should think that the minimum population is above 15 lakhs.  I am talking about the city, not the district, all the districts will come out, now that census has not been done yet, that is why I am waiting for the census. Whenever it happens, you can call it a good city where all the economic activities go well. You can think of this. Take the top 40 cities of India, don't even go till 40-50, all the state capitals will also be included in it and the rest of these top cities which are ours are also capitals like Bangalore Capital. Some day I will make a separate video on this, I will make a video of mine on real estate channel, I have a channel doing real estate, if you have not subscribed to it then please subscribe, the pollution used to be there, now no one will address in small cities and  Dirt, pollution and noise will increase there because people will keep coming from villages and if urbanization will happen from local villages, then those who were living there earlier as lot sahibs, we were thinking this.  If you are rich or have a lot of peace, then your peace will go away and give it. Now look, don't be too classist or have that racist type of feeling while talking about these things. I am telling them that a trend is coming and I am not going to stop it. This will definitely happen, won't you? Now I am not going to tell you about the trends like how and what we can do, but it is true that the kind of clothes that people wear inside the ship, the kind of intelligent people who walk there these days, how they used to walk 15 years ago, 30 years ago we used to wear suits and clothes.  There were such children in Air India, so today if you have to sit in a plane, today you have to get cutlery like this, there was a different feeling, so it is going on, now as if the railway station did not become an airport, but the airport started looking like a railway station.  Okay, so that is bound to happen but we have to see what is to happen from this. This is a good thing, is n't it, poor people from small villages to small towns are coming to the nearest district centre, but the district center which we know in these small town in front of big cities  We will say the same there if you were thinking that you will retire and live there and it will be like this, that is not going to happen there, there will be no private hospitals, good ones will come, there will be more on the government system and you will release that friend, how did this happen to me? How have I lived here, so what is the matter, you people will be set to buy some house in a big city, whoever has money and who will pay on time will buy it, otherwise then you will have to live in a small town in that city because today.  to me  The big problem seems to be that if a person living in a house in a small town rents out his house and sells half of his property, then he can hardly buy two in the middle in a big city and cannot buy anything bigger than that.  And since he can't take it, he thinks that after leaving such a big house, I will go there again for a small 2 BHK, but he also feels like it because his children live in a big city and the children live in a big city, but he  ca n't come because he  It remains small, that problem is genuine but what to do when there will be treatment and anything else is within the big cities, now Medanta is within Gurgaon, now within Haryana, if I talk, you live in Rohtak, you live in Jind. All of them live somewhere and get further treatment in Medanta. When one person raises his hand, then all those who go to the medical college in Rohtak or go to some government college, they are a different crowd.  I am that crowd, that crowd, I neither have an audience nor am I addressing them, I hope not, otherwise what happens sometimes is that everyone gets mixed and matched, so this will start my fifth trend, which will start from the fourth to the fifth.  I told that the concept of old age home will not be a home, it can actually be called old age housing in a way because as soon as we talk about old age home, it appears to us that there is a poor environment and everyone is old.  And their children have just mended it, no, I am not talking about it, this is a different concept, a posh area where you have a one and a half or two room house and husband and wife are living there and senior citizen living is the correct thing.  The word 'old age' sounds a bit bad to say, okay and the whole system is there, they are living in the middle of the city, it is not that pain has made them 50 kilometers away from the world, so how will their children meet them later? Nobody wants to be like, he actually does not want to go to Vanprastha or any ashram like earlier it was written in our scriptures that after this age you should go here, they would have told you to be a doctor on call but there is no hospital there, that is your only cough and cold.  The one who will heal is the doctor. You want to be in the middle of everything and this will be there. But the smart people today are the ones in their 50s who have booked themselves now. A builder has launched a project on this concept in Gurgaon, very good, good, that is, he is a very top builder and his hospital also does medical work and he is also a builder, by doing this it will become a trend and Nikhil Kamat Kamat Brothers C  I talk about many of their things like this in videos and after doing that, but I find them very intelligent people, where in the business they invest in, they follow them, they are visionaries and trend followers.  When Nikhil Kamat says something about marriage, I tell him something like this: Other wise, I have nothing more and less, our thoughts are similar, when it comes to business, it's fine and I follow him and he is one intelligent.  If I follow a person, then it is okay, then criticizing someone on some thing means that he is not that person, now if you don't like anything of mine, then it doesn't mean anything, rest do the right thing.  If I am living then leave that too, otherwise it is your loss, it is okay and no man's words will ever seem right, this is also a fact of life, okay, so Nikhil Kamat is investing in old age homes concept, they are investing in it.  Are Investing Few Other Things Someday I will make a separate video for them because they are also trend finders and trend setters The way they came and decided this brokerage with Jaroda  So they have some thing about this, so these were my five and these are the ones that you will play out. You will also play out the stocks linked to them, think about who will be the ones who will benefit from them. What is going to happen due to urbanization and concentration on these big cities? Here, jobs will emerge from job to job and they will attract more and you will feel like a loser living in a small town. Whenever I make a video, because even in a small town, people like videos.  When we see, they feel bad brother, look at the trend neither we can stop nor you can stop and idea whose time has come nobody can stop weather it is a good idea bad idea affects you positively and negatively nobody can stop this is going to happen Your Vikrams are the autos which cause pollution, they are like that when the crowd comes from the village, you cannot arrange airport taxi for them because the power is not that much, so it is not that much in those cities.  Pollution or if you will not be able to reach that level, then your Jind, Rohtak, Hisar, if I talk about Haryana or you go to your Uttar Pradesh, then in all the 80 districts of yours, things will not be able to reach that level, how huge will be the crowd.  Will become saturated because the buying capacity of people is less like that of Greater Noida because the entire crowd of Greater Noida is the retiree crowd.  It is completely gone and the rest of the urban people, the local people who are coming from there, the whole crowd inside the cities has become like this, they do not have much money left in their pockets, so that kind of environment cannot be created there, it is expensive, then all those people say that  The infrastructure here is good and the cost of living is very cheap. Yes, they are cheap for a region. Yes, Greater Nod is a cheap place. Now you have to decide whether you want to stay in a  Cheap Place and Expensive Place Gurgaon is Mighty Expensive and Will Remain One and Will Cross the Limit So for the one who does not earn money, it is a very bad city because that city makes him realize his poverty every day but the fact is that if  Your Jugaad is fit, it is correct, you have created assets, your rent is coming, many people are living there, many retirees also live in Gurgaon, they feel very good. About it because their children visit them, there is good place to eat and drink, there is entertainment and there is nothing else, but here there is pollution, oh pollution, now check Rohtak, check Jind, the stubble is burning.  More Potted Atlist The ability to buy an air purifier in Gurgaon is there, at least the concept is there, at least the noise is there, at least by doing grape norms.  There is something, at least some activity takes place, the Prime Minister also lives in Delhi NCR, all the Supreme Court judges live, ministers live, the whole world lives, they are doing something or the other and will do it sooner or later, small towns.  What will happen sir, the people of this city are so rich, if there is too much trouble then they take a plane and run away for two months, then when they get better, they go back, but the fact is that there are issues in the big city.  in small  The issues are those of the small city which are never going to be solved because by the time it becomes a big city, they will also go through this pain of 30 years whereas in the big city many things are getting sorted and are getting sorted very quickly.  The traffic issues are coming up, the infrastructure is coming up, recently in Delhi I will make a separate video, I have made the connectivity from South Delhi to Sona so good, so many flyovers and everything is being built. All the connectivity is getting good, then when it is done, then if you keep asking the rates of real estate, then even after selling a house of 500 kaj, you cannot get the price of two, today you can get the price of 500 kaj by selling it for 200 kaj. That is the message in the coming time so follow these trends see what is happening which city you are living in which city you want to go to your  Whatever big city you see within 200 km distance, wherever you live in India, within 200 km is 100, even better, try to fit some jugaad in that city, be it Pune, Nagpur, Mumbai, Kochi, Bangalore or Hyderabad.  Be it Chennai or Kolkata, Bhopal, State Capital Jaipur, Chandigarh or your Gurgaon, you live somewhere near Delhi, any of you, I am talking about 100 to 200 kilometers. You should  Always have a jugaad where there is an airport, there is air connectivity, basic things will be done, you have to go somewhere and come, have a vision, otherwise your children will never be able to visit, you will stay somewhere, you will be stuck in a medical facility, and this is not all, even in a small one, a lot is coming.  It is not coming brother, it is not that good because friend, tell me one thing, why would any kind of doctor work in a small hospital, why would he go to a place where the patient can pay the same amount of money, why would he not go to a big hospital, it is a simple thing.  No, if I am a good doctor and I want to work in a hospital, see, I have opened my own nursing home, it is okay but that nursing home cannot treat all the patients, so understand the good quality teachers, you tell me that this Look, I am explaining to this tent in a very sweet way that the coaching industry is our industry, why do you find good teachers in the Delhi NCR region, why don't you find them somewhere else. good one more trend  I forgot to praise my Kota also. I had told that the Kota shop has been closed and the reason behind this is that disillusionment is happening there and the reason is also that those famous teachers are  They also do not want to live in the small town of Kota. Classic example: We are thinking in this way that the interest of the children is going away, the children are certainly going away and should go to a far away place and study and do it or become a star artist.  It would be like if there is a film industry in Mumbai, then why doesn't the film industry go to Jhunjhunu, if it makes something there, then why does it want to live in Mumbai? It is so expensive to live there, people buy houses worth Rs. 100,000 crores, 360 degree West Over Ya.  From all this, I have made a topic on real estate, Mera Sango Real Estate. If you do subscribe then the reason is that nobody wants to anybody who will earn four paisa and will progress in life. Do not take it in a small town.  I can't eat there, I can't wear anything there, he says this is a fact of life, I do n't want to meet these people, I don't want to see them, this is the truth of life and this is the trend and India is progressing.  If you are doing this, then take your jump somewhere, small and big, you are feeling like this, you see a lot, the one who comes from a village to a small town will not feel like a loser because there was nothing in the village, otherwise in a small town, he will be the winner with a heel feel.  Brother who is in the city  He was born in a village, was not born, whose father was also in the city, but after working for 30-40 years in the government or private sector, he went to a small town and got stuck inside Ansel Home. So brother, what have you uprooted, some are in big cities.  Go yourself, whether you want to stay or not, I say that also buy some property in a big city so that when you have to shift, you have a chance, if you don't do it then it is okay, now a transition is taking place, Raita is spread in big cities.  It seems that small cities look better but I am saying that the trend has started, in 5 years you will see big cities better in every terms, every term. After 5 years, big cities will look good to you and the same relief will start spreading in small cities which was there in 20.  If the year continues then it is the time of transition, now get excited there and then come here, I am advising you to do your finances like this, now if you cannot buy at all, then brother, then the grapes are sour.  That's the thing, but you ca n't say this to him, no, my small city is always good, Shimla used to be a very good city, now it is garbage, go to Mussoorie and see it, go to Dehradun and see it, I too have been there, litter, litter, litter, wherever. You also call such small towns like big cities or of importance, wherever you see them, the world will go and make them like this and what is there there, you cannot fix many things in the mountains. Sewerage water, this type of system cannot be fixed geographically and then it is a permanent problem, so you should keep all these things in mind and I hope you got some benefit by following the trends first and you must have enjoyed it. Remember all these trends, brothers. After 8-10 months, when it comes in the newspaper, please return the link to me, then I will come again and try to praise myself and then tell the next five more. Okay, so this is my video every seven-eight months. Come in seven months, my brother, look ahead, look ahead, this is the trend, it will happen like this, take advantage of it, and when that happens, people have already eaten the cream. By the time those things are published in the newspaper, its fat will be there.  -Mota Anand, people have already invested and enjoyed it, so my job is to tell them to my subscribers first, like, subscribe to the channel and you can also take membership of the channel, it has a lot of amazing webinars, workshops, paid content.  Nice nugget, it will be fun, you will get money to eat, you will get money, thank you very much