Hello friends, this is a very important topic because the wedding season is coming and you have to share this video with everyone whose wedding is being planned or is going to happen and also keep in mind for future also, if there is no wedding this year, there is a wedding later.  So my take on this topic is that there are five benefits of doing day weddings. Many people consider marriage as a concept of night. Due to consumerism, I will tell you my five benefits. I will tell you the very best benefits. But the third benefit of mine will be like, you people will not even have any idea about it and as an astrologer I am also telling you, if you want to listen then first thing first of all, the expenses on day weddings will be less for In short shot day weddings, the expenses are less. If your lighting expenses are very high then they get reduced. Booking is easy because whatever banquet halls or gardens are there on that slot.  Warden, wherever you are doing, you will get it easily because not many people want to do it, so this is the first reason, second thing I will tell you, the most important thing is safety, safety is very important, after getting married at night, they say farewell under the shade of stars.  That shadow of stars is not a very safe thing. People come wearing ornaments. Many people have those issues. You leave somewhere in the morning and do the wedding before 11.  If your wedding starts at 4:00 and 11:00, if your wedding is at 11:00, then someone is coming from 50-100 kilometers, if a relative is coming from far away, then your wedding will start at 8:30, 9:00.  Will reach at 11:30, will attend for 2-3, will attend for 4 hours. Will leave at 3:30 and 4 o'clock. If he will reach on time, then this will give you more attendance, you will get more people, you will get this much.  There will be more benefit in safety; drinking is more prevalent in the night. Do you know that people do wrong things at night and the devil is awake for everyone? Do you know this thing during the day? It is well taken care of, it was important. Third.  The most important thing is that I told you that many people say no, I do n't want to save money, many like this, I have to do it like this, I don't care about safety, brother, third thing, listen, the times of the day are very good.  There is an auspicious time for marriage, if you go to Pandit ji, then the poor fellow will take it for the night too. It is okay, he will take it for the night too. I saw people taking rounds at 11:00 and 12 o'clock in the night. The public has gone after having dinner, such a disgusting thing. You have seen ours, we have a Sikh religion, we have Sikh brothers, it is fine, they marry during the day and mostly on Sundays and their marriages take place on the second hour, that is their default setting, the auspicious time is good.  And this is that while you don't associate in Sikhism, you must be going to the astrologer, Pandit ji's religion is different but all the sensible people have already decided that friend, I am telling you people on Sunday.  If more people come then it is a very good thing if there is no crowd, it is ok then this is the benefit of day wedding, there is benefit of safety, fourth thing I will tell you, people are able to enjoy more, there is no enjoyment in night wedding.  It is possible that I see women, you know that women wear clothes like that to show off and after doing all this, now who wears such a shawl, then nothing will be visible, is n't the dress that has to look beautiful in the winter at night?  Poor thing is happening like this and I speak like me, I said wear it, why are you feeling sad, man, the suit, boot pan, the gut gets tight, half the people get tight like that, man, do you know what?  if it's ok then  They are able to survive, ladies are in a lot of trouble, children are also in trouble, there should be a nice setting, children are running around, it is day time, everyone can see what I am eating, I am eating cheese, I am eating potatoes. If I am eating properly then it looks better. If not, if the enjoyment is more then you tell me because what have you done, right? If you go to a wedding, you will wake up in the morning, drink tea, then you eat something, then you have lunch and then  Will you like to get married? Like me, I go to weddings during the day. If I go somewhere, it's at night. Personally, I am a brother. I don't want to get stuck in the traffic. It's fine here, I live in Gurgaon, but I want to get married in Naroda.  Brother, there is peace, it is okay, put your Kanyadaan from a distance, the fact is Kullam Kulla, I am a foodie, keep a good place, if you want good food, we will go and eat during the day, other wise brother, who is trapped in that?  Same thing comes with safety in traffic jams, driving at night, no going on highways, then there are arrangements in the banquet hall, you don't need to make any arrangements, people come from wherever they want, reach at 11:00 or 4 o'clock.  Bye bye Tata, the time is over, it's great, they take great photos, there are great flower arrangements, there is equal beauty, you tell me, even Christians do this during the day only, in a foreign country there is a lack of a behind the wheel. We, Sardar Bhai, also do it during the day only. Okay, so these Hindus used to go to marriage processions only in Tantalum. How will marriages take place at night? How will you eat food? When there was no light, it was 200 years before the historical date.  Weddings used to take place during the day and at night. These dances used to take place throughout the day. So now they have come to keep mehendi decoration. Doli decoration songs can be sung during the day too. Brother, what is the problem, everyone?  Everyone looks good and then there are the ladies like I told you about. It's a sunny day most of the time, so you do n't even need to wear clothes like that, I mean, sorry, you can wear like that but it's cold.  If it doesn't look good then it is a better thing. Tell me how did you like it. Through this video, are you able to relate that first of all reduce the expenses in marriage, so many marriages  There are 50 lakh marriages to be held in November, save the money for the wedding and the money that is left, call the bride and groom and tell them that brother, this is so much money that will be saved, it will be given to you only, make the down payment of your flat, buy a car, anything.  Do it to them, save the couple, give them the saved money or tell them that you have lasted one year of marriage without any fuss, complain about each other, oh mummy doesn't do this or mummy does this, he does this complaining pony.  We should not create trouble for each other, in our hearts, the parents of the girl, the parents of the boy, then how will you get the reward, from where will you get the money saved for your marriage, which we did during the day instead of at night, it is okay for him.  You will get a gift on the first anniversary and then if you buy this gift in two years or three years, then why don't parents incentivize it like this? Yes, is it fun at night? Is it fun? So much cold, so much crowd, so much garbage, so much garbage.  But These are jammed everywhere, which is your NH, right? When they come from Delhi, from Mahipalpur to Gurgaon, and at some places, they are so built that the traffic gets so terrible at this time that you get stuck, you can barely get there.  Then we reached there, in many places there are three weddings in one place, many people give the envelope at the wrong place, this is also a comedy, it was my mother who had sent it, so I returned with it, yes, I returned with it, I do n't know to whom I gave it.  Okay, so brother, during the day, you get to know whom the man is seeing and to whom he is giving it to whom. Okay, so I want to run a campaign for daytime weddings. If you guys are interested, please write in the comment section and share this video.  You will do day marriage, day marriage, day marriage and before marriages, you should talk openly about your marriage. I have a course on pre-marital consultation from Sandhi to Samdhan, in which I have talked openly about this kind of things.  I have taught you how to do it, it is only Rs 700, beyond that there is some discount at Rs 25, you can buy it from him, people can become consultants themselves and can give knowledge and can also apply themselves, crores of rupees are spent on weddings otherwise.  The average wedding cost is said to be in lakhs. In India, it is Rs 12 lakh. For a poor country like India, the average is not a less. Here it is accepted that jewelery is also included in it.  It also has clothes, food and everything else, but inside Delhi, they are saying that weddings costing more than Rs 1 crore will be at least in thousands. Don't spend so much on anything above the current budget of Rs 1 crore, this is the  The message is that by spending more money on the wedding, the marriage lasts longer and goes better. There were weddings held during Covid where only 10, 15, 20 people came, at many places even five people came together, wouldn't those weddings go well if there was no expenditure beyond that? That marriage was not spent, but it is going better because they bought a flat with all the money that was left, brother, come on, Covid was going on, son, you had saved so much money, daughter and son, parents of both. We had to do this much, if Covid had not happened, then son, you take this, they thanked you like this, Papa and Mummy, now we are living comfortably in the house without any problems, it is okay because it is okay, it is okay to not pay too much, this much down payment.  Got it first, living comfortably  There is no trouble here, spend so much money in marriage, after that the expectation is such that if you have invested so much money, then you don't know what kind of diamond the son-in-law will turn out to be or what kind of diamond it will turn out to be, heroine or whatever diamond is fine, no one turns out like this.  You come out as you are, that's fine, so don't spend on the wedding, day wedding, day wedding, do day wedding, whoever is in your favor for day wedding, write in the comment section, the day is fine.  And those who say, brother, this night is fine, then write the night, brother, I will do it at night because I got married on Wednesday and if I get married during the day, I will not get leave from office because I am in a job.  I can go to a relative's wedding at night because it is not my day but there are such helpless people as well. According to me brother, keep the wedding during the day, keep it on Sunday, keep the auspicious time, the best one gets the auspicious time of the day and generally people are better.  Sometimes the day, sometimes even the entire 244 hours, becomes good. Like it is said, the days are open, do that now, that also becomes good, but in that also, if you are very, if this can be discussed in astrology, then the shape of the day is fine.  It is better, I say the same way, the beauty of the day is the truth, it is better than the night, if you want to do any work in life, then do it during the day, it is always better than at night, otherwise it is better to sleep, if you want to work, do anything, do it while you are awake.  if it is  It is best to do anything during the day, you have to go somewhere, you have to do something, day is always better than night, so please India, do the wedding during the day, even in South India, it happens during the day, it is very good, every good thing has meaning in every culture. This has been happening for a long time, I am not asking for a complete change these days, just write Tantalus and if you see that course in the comment section, then brother, take it too, it is a very good course, very good, you will get a recording of two and a half hours of cool 30 questions.  That Dhula Dhulan's parents and Dhula Dhulan should ask each other without shyness before getting married, through some consultant and who will be that consultant, you will be fine because you have taken that course, you will not be asked yourself.  You will feel ashamed, the consultant is sitting, yes, tell me what will you do, yes, yes, both of them are telling, it is a great thing and many people are using it and are getting a lot of profit, so it is recommended, recommended, much.