Hello friends, this is the topic of the job, this is the topic of the boss, if I tell you five points then I will bat on behalf of the boss. If you are a boss then definitely watch it and even if you are not a boss and you work easily then also watch it tomorrow.  If you can, then if people work under you, please look at it. Whether you are in a private job or a multi-national or a government job, it does not matter. It is a very interesting topic. The work of the plant is to provide clarity and bring peace in life.  If you want to give relaxation and fun, then I will tell you 5. You have to take care of all the five. You are very beautiful like this. First of all, see that if the employee below you looks useless to you and you see the juice of performance in him, then you should fight with him. And don't be angry. An employee came to me in a consultation. His boss used to harass him a lot and used to shout at him. He was very strict. I gave him an idea and it will strike you in the heart.  If he hurts you, then understand. I told him that P.N. boss's first of all don't think that it is my mistake, so you tell me instead of getting angry, what happened and how can I do it right, now plus it is my mistake so late, so you you  Why are you dying by shouting, making your mouth proud, why are you going towards heart attack by increasing your BP, I have committed a mistake and when you have to produce poison to get angry, look at this area, you have to increase acid inside the stomach.  Do n't know what all has to be done from inside. To comment South, that witch means your wife and child will not be affected. The boss flavor. Requested notice. Lover's tiff. Please write in the comment section. I will tell you as many 5 things as these, which make your eyes agree. Write peace.  Agree with first E Sacrifice and agree with chords Disagree younger brother Request I want feedback It doesn't seem to me that I even have dreams Cosmetic auspicious occasion Missions hai to bus ki  Tell it from the other side also, people will say that you are chatting on behalf of the boss, hey, I do it on behalf of Sansa, on behalf of the daughter-in-law, on behalf of the boys, on behalf of the girl, give me a balance perspective that brother, both the parties look at their own and life.  There is always a middle pass, there is a lot of peace, don't follow each other by force, then I will tell you as an example, I will tell you with scissors, you have to relax, why does this frustration come in life?  This is lots of control, it is a midlife crisis, even the wife does not listen, even the children do not listen, the mother-in-law, the father-in-law, like performing the Aarti, Madhuri is going through her own troubles, so when you go to the office, you want that somewhere, when you get control, there is no control in the sunlight.  You are not in control of your own body movements, whether you will go in the morning or in the afternoon, how many times you will go, I am telling you that this is practical 25 times, and people say that it is not the quantity but it is about it.  Those are the real issues, actually the work is shoes, you are messaging, smoking cigarettes, you are sitting in the office, drinking tea after tea, drinking coffee, and you don't know what you want to do, what you want to become, where you want to reach, the fifth point is very important.  If it remains then your eyes will open. You have to stay till the end of the video. Do you understand? Acting like shooting. Ask your heart. Are you so worried about your life that something of your own is going on? Have you got any yearning of your own?  Those who want to fulfill his responsibility by standing on his shoulders, he is allowing them to do so because the new generation has come very smart, this is the first mission of yours, where are you coming from, to say that to my moral science teachers.  They came to do this and the jewels in this are when to raise the flag, there is rice which is your government, do not ask him about the difference in privatization, ask the puck from your own heart, this is a joke, you are not able to do good for yourself. Why are you shouting in lots of control life because I tell many people, whatever you say to the government people, you do not work at all in a government job, enemy of the government, personal enmity, personal work is government, the government has come and asked you to do it for someone.  Who does n't know, the government is not visible, nor is the organization visible. I will tell you a live example of the private one. I will tell you a government example. I will tell you an example of the private one. You can add its clipping.  Will do, that will be my third point, third will be fourth point, you should understand it carefully, the third point is all just for this you have to relax, so he works under you, is n't his incentives very less in life, I was in yours by editing the target. Whatever he gets, he probably won't get it, so the fire inside him and Pushpa the fire is not as much as you have got yours installed. There are some medals on the back side and the one above the ones above is Komodo Ireland Distic. You will have to listen. Things Which Was Not Willing To Listen From Now You Will Have To Receive New Updates Find Out You Have Many People Below You But The Boss Laughs A Lot Sometimes It's The Big Boss Who You Have To Choose He Is Yours He Is Not Willing To Listen To  Day because your yearning is quenched, not about this brother or not about this sister, because hi youngsters are coming from such a family that policy eyes are wide open, it is said brother, do not talk politely.  Kari, I have done your work, like today's breath, you have done too much with your breath and your daughter-in-law does not do that training. Today's training is also with me. This is my channel, yes, it is a buffer but you can watch all the dots. Why is life so troublesome today? Because she is not ready to do as much as she did to her mother-in-law and cannot uproot her daughter-in-law, whereas if you feel like a boss, then maybe it is not you but life is wrong, perhaps you are the one who was suffering as much as you were suffering or now.  You are suffering, that is wrong because if you turn off the settings of these launchers, then you have taught illegitimacy, then my fourth point comes, I will tell you the government exam, I will tell you the private example, your boss takes the decision on the government exam, there is a couplet that gave the decision from the railways, you all know it.  Check how much BTC's super market cap has fallen due to this decision. Now, if there is a mistake of ₹ 100 due to ignorance, then it is okay to inquire about it.  This market cap has been removed by thousands of crores, now there is no answer in the system, I am not talking to anyone ma'am, no one is following this system, the other example is your Tomato Dhumal Toe Patrol, which was listed for Rs. 1 lakh 26 thousand crores, brother.  Sir, now on 379 caller, the public of 90000 court has been destroyed, now this Joe and Co Road also has employees in it because if you see the lion of a straight stitch on Play Store, then you can recognize in the comment section below.  On July 23, their chief promoters are not saying anything, it is okay that all their employees and all their shares can be sold. Let's do it amidst the cold winds. Look, the lion is tired, but it is definitely up to the cent per cent, so there and their employees are all on their motorcycles.  They keep doing it, then where is your validation going, till brother and boss, who is showing whose electronic form, I am not able to understand that in private jobs, in government jobs, still there is some level in it.  I will not go much, this kind of quality also, you are in private, what does it mean that you are getting your work done here, your company will not exist, I will be your boss, after selling it, you will be the same, someone else will come, then someone else will be taken here and then somewhere else. I will be merged, you are covering yours, now notice that Bigg Boss Kimberlite, the one below is smart, he knows that I will get 25,000, otherwise he will give this, otherwise he will stain, otherwise he will give, everyone will give and that is the same pool, you have a used one.  There is a saying that you don't fight with the tools you work with. Now you have seen the carpenter that if your stones are bad then take out the track. If the girls are bad then take them out. Fourth  The point is that if you feel that a toxic environment is being created in your office, in which you yourself are creating it, you are being forced to do so and on top of that, it is a net organization that is not working all day long. And don't do too much toxicity of one level because the toxicity that you will create has to be created from within you and you also know that the one below is less qualified than you.  And maybe it comes from the status below when he is ready to leave, then you can also give Adams us time set up call to the above and keep your alternative sources which when the message comes here to you like this  Bhim, don't do it like some Indians used to do during the time of British, if they do n't use batons then it was the Indians who beat the Indians. When did the British meet Indians and if they didn't beat them then it was lots off then Indians beat them with sticks, then you just behave like them. You are doing it for them for your personal gain. Android games will not come because you will have too much influence on what misdeeds you have done.  You can justify, this next generation is like this, it is like this, this SMS is simple even half, if I do this and set the hammer and this bit is not working and if the disorder does not get the proper effect and cannot be packed, then fix it. Do More Work This Year Don't Fight Nobody Fights With The Tools You Work With Otherwise You Changed To Refrain Changer To Take Good Work With The Above Seen Nobody Phase  Plumber Electrician Phase: This is not bad, very rarely, some do their work quietly, you have to take work from them, your work is to follow those below you, no matter how much you fight with them, they do not do the work, now important and last I had said my this point.  It will be very important, the biggest thing is that no matter how many boxes you have, you have reached here, do not ever think of yourself that you are a thirty-killer or you are very great, you are very intelligent, these are very things that if you were  So you were not working under anyone, brother, are you doing something of your own? Do this Reliance again? Your coverage should be human and not yourself, so you reached here, we are big to reach, so every day this is not late, your special. People accept it, they accept it in the government, there are heroic organizations, then the recruitment rally of Bhaiya Shop, people will keep joining them, people will keep going, people will flirt, this is what we give from Tom Dick and Harry Hate Story.  Country, nothing for great in next, just friend, if you reach there, then I test you on this thing, then in whatever organization you are the boss, if you are the last one, then people are curious, listen to your words okay and everyone likes the remedy.  There is an option to like, it is fine like YouTube and everyone agrees, there is no option to grease the dish, you keep that mask of yours somewhere and go in the place of a normal person and try to start a 15 day holiday period.  So that someone of yours listens to you, if there were so many of you then you would have started your own business long time ago because with government money, it is very easy to take decisions and ideas with the money of the organization, especially in government money, one does not have to invest one's own money.  If you take anything, you will drown, say good actor, the people at the top will also say good decision, all the people below will do well and will do it, otherwise you will waste their money, if you do your business then will you forcefully hire an assistant? Assistant and assistant and city printer, printer here, print here, tax box there, 72 resources, drive a car, drive petrol, take home like lots of, take this, stay personal, it will be a problem, otherwise, this has to be remembered for the previous governments also. Whenever I will contest on distance and even, if you are thinking of yourself as a ping, in this job game, you are thinking of the people below you as wind, then it is okay for you, remember a saying after the game.  Chess Working And Upon Go Back Into The Same Bisher You are understanding the Hindi of English, English is very easy, okay, so when the class is over, then the king and who both are locked in the box, that box has to be for everyone, don't think this.  Now for a year you have been working as a servant, brother, you are a servant in private, if you don't have the stamp of IT IS on your forehead, then in 45 years your juice has gone, you will get tired of sitting with the stamp of ITIM.  You are a little higher, you have some qualification, you have always been there, by doing this, your life gets increased, now P tag, in a big company, you can breathe a little more, but ultimately your juice is taken away anyway, so after 50, these people also become their own.  They are ready to do this also, they start thinking something on their left side, but this story has to play out like this. Please do the work that we do in India. Our work ethics is very poor. We will call anyone at any time like slaves on Saturday Sunday.  yes  You should immediately do this work in the country and see that Kabir of the country does everything immediately, so do the same, do not pick up the loot and find out other things that the registry of the person who is your junior should be kept in your name, the system has made him sit below you. Today the system has made him sit below you. If you are so great in guiding people and doing mentorship and you yourself are immersed in it, please check how your children are not doing. Please check.  They are still doing, I see 17 year old, 18 year old 20 year old children beating their father by throwing things on his face and the father is unable to do anything else and the same thing happens when he goes to the office because Bigg Boss has kicked him.  You are such a motivator, you are fearless, it should be visible in your personal life too, children do not listen to you, your own wife's aarti is also fine, life is not under your control.  Those controls of yours want to be done only in the office, then you have spread so much raita there, then someone's children are working there too, as if they will work for your children too, just like when your children kill the fact that the DNA has become a new generation.  That's it, now bread and clothes have risen above the house, India has risen above the bread and clothes. Today, whoever is going to do a job, he has to work in a bread and clothes factory, this is the fight for the house, but he has risen above the bread and clothes.  So when he is not helpless today  Ka Naya India Nayi Generation Tu Dhabbe Mute The Way You When You Will Only Have Not Changed Your Take You Will Have To Change The Way You Baby Tak You Will Have To Be Very Very Clear Main Meri Kushwaha Just Play If You Agree With That Then Write  See, it is important to get work done in the organization, you have responsibility but work according to the limits, every organization has rules and regulations.  They sleep, there is return counseling, don't be bad about it, whatever it is, forward the stomach, report, appraisal report, shooting, everything is a system, never do all the work, I will do whatever I break for someone, even for a minute, just read the team too.  I will take it and then keep it officially also. Don't do all the work. These are the tasks that are being done like firing someone, starting the process, then what is the need to become bad, even without becoming involved, it is possible that there is a need to be so involved in it.  With Vidya, do it in such a way that either you are okay with the elder brothers or you are the father, he is like the head of the family, father is the elder brother, no matter how much he misbehaves with his younger brother or the child, expelling him will not be enough for him. What else will you do for improvement, brother, you are doing all the work in the jobs, he is crazy, he will take green vegetables, if he is not fired from the job, then your meat will be used by him and those buttons are visible and you can build your tower like this yourself.  The movement was started by shouting and stimulating the employees that Bigg Boss misused which I covered earlier, you will have no power and respect, you will be completely silent operators, you will stop talking nonsense, if you did not give the work, if he did not give it again, then the process of your office. You can cut off that process, I am not telling you to forcefully end the nonsense, but do not burn your blood in the day and do not take so much ownership.  Take, the one who has not even been given by the owner, is a co-owner in the government too, is there any skill in the private too, give resolve1, I am very late, you are late, it is okay, the dissolved skin, even the one who is at the top, is not distracted by this much and plays his profit, then it is yours.  By- elections are being held that the owner of your company, whose house all the notes will go to, has a shoulder of 270 portions, he is not feeling sad and you people are destroying the share holders when they were, how many employed people are there?  My job is that of a shareholder, I was the owner, he also went down, so it is not your fault, many a times growth is forced by force and by taking numbers and numbers, any company, any organization, sir, keeps on doing it.  So brother, then all these trees should also touch the sky. Trees should also grow, otherwise they will grow to touch the sky. Keep giving water from your vagina, keep sending fertilizer too, keep doing many good works.  Even after doing all the good work, growth stops at a stage in every sector. You must have seen there are big business houses and intelligent people like Reliance, look at the sugar, first it was the oil business, then they did the phone work.  The telecom guy came, then the fiber went ahead and free Govt went over. Well, now they are doing retail, then they are doing something else, according to the people, both of them have said it, now this is where I am putting it and there I have been whipping everyone that the company  Grow I Hotspot, There are many such idiots who are not going anywhere else with their mind. A point will not be kept and if you properly understand what I have told then this organization will not go back to you all Dual End People.  Under You Will Observe And Will Want To Work Under Reviews And When You Go To Office And People Are Waiting For Your Guidance Behave With A Smile  Om Chehra The Great You Very Nicely 10 Good Morning Sir Good Morning Sir If there is happiness in your life then if you liked it with people by subscribing then please like and comment section. Thank you.