Hello friends, money, money, five things about money that you have not heard properly or five functions of money, we will talk about those things. Today is the first one which you people have always heard like this, how many people say that money does not make money.  You are happy, it is so common in Indian society that money does not make you happy but so does lack of money also does not make you happy. Having a lot of money may be your life is still miserable. Chances of your life being miserable is even more and let the one who has a lot of money have the right to speak, it's something like you are very weak, very weak and you say go, I have forgiven you, no, you don't have any choice.  You have to forgive people because of you, you are weak, you can't uproot anything from anyone, people talk like this, don't go, then a strong man who can harm you says, go. Have I forgiven you or are you such a strong man that you can do something only then it is accepted that similarly the same is true of money too? Mukesh Ambani ji has said that money does not make you happy. Whenever you see, a man with actual money will be like this.  He will not say things like this, he will never say anything, he will not even say that I am very happy with money and I am very happy and money is making me happy, he will not say it like that, but he will definitely not say that because of which  It is said that money does not make you happy. This is on a slightly different level. Those who have not received money, they speak on that level only. Then the second point about money is what is important than what is money. What good things does money do?  One thing that you should do quickly in life is increase your choices. Choices means every way. Whom to interact with, whom not to interact with, whom to meet, what work to do, definitely ownership of your time.  It gives, it reduces your compulsions in your life. If you have money, it reduces your compulsions. The compromises you have to make in life are reduced and the choices in your life increase. But that is again something which money does and you should understand how because if you do not understand how money works then this problem will remain ok third thing what  This is again money, we also teach in astrology that money also has an angle like Rahu, it is called Maya, by talking like that, I am not talking about wealth, I am talking about money only, money is an amplifier. Whoever you are will make you great. The person who is cunning and is into things by doing wrong things will do bigger wrong things. Whoever has hobbies will become more interested in those things. You are fond of bikes. You ride these bullets.  a lot of your money  If it comes, you will drive a Harley Davidson. You seem interested in doing religious work. If you feed 20 people, if you get a lot of money, you will feed two. Whatever you are, good or bad, money only makes you greater, so it is not so.  That someone becomes very good by getting money, it is not necessary that what he is is good or bad, the basic core is the same but it swells up like wind has come, it swells up, so if we  If we understand then we will get some good  If someone is working then he will do even better work and someone is busy in his own show, who is fond of showing cars, is fond of taking girls around, and vice versa, he will do such things at a higher level, that's it.  This money is just an amplifier we should basically know. I have done a very detailed class on financial clarity for all. In the comment section you will find that it was a very good session. Membership of the channel.  You can watch it or take a bite in the comment section, you will get one and a half to two hours of one of the best financial clarity you will ever get ever on. Let's think about it and we see that there are big influences like Varaku, Bha Coffee Bacha  Take SIP here, do it like this, do it like that, if you save, don't spend here and the British have made a saying that a penny saved is a penny earned, so is this  That 's right. Yes, that's right. Penny saved is a penny earned. Everybody always remember. A penny saved is a penny earned. But a penny earned is also still a penny. Only it dozen becomes a dollar. No, drop becomes ocean.  It is like drop by drop turning into an ocean; with time life also ends and we die; too much focus has been placed on savings and not on earnings.  It tells that because no saving is the easier thing, save Rs. 25 here, save there and this saving will also have its own detailed video in it, it keeps your mindset so stingy and poor that you save coffee in everything, money is spent on coffee.  There is more pleasure in doing it, there is happiness in the soul too, the biggest task is in the work of money, as it is said that one has to enjoy it and if you remain deprived then it will not come, this is also a fact but no one will tell you this. Because it is easy to come and make you, because a lot of people are stingy in this world, they want true influence to come, I saved like this, I drank like this, started wearing the same underwear with holes, did not buy them, did SIP for 90 years  It became Rs 0 crore in 2015 and by then the government may also increase the tax on it from 70 to 90 crore above one slab to Rs 50 crore.  From above it is known that Ty Ty Fish can be anything, so it should be known that one should not talk too much about Penny Vanio, one should do a little big thing, when you go to IM, you study well etc., it should be such that there is some big knowledge there.  There comes something very special, they just teach us to think a little bigger there, they talk in CR, they don't talk about pennies and money there, there are case studies, so a little horizon opens up, crores of crores start coming out of the mouth.  Due to this, a person grows up a little, so this thing has to be remembered and the fifth and last thing which I will tell you and this is very, very important, our Bollywood culture, our society and all these things have a very, very important point.  You all have to think, listen and understand that money has been shown in a very negative way, like songs have been made, 'Yeh paisa hi to apno se se door kar hai' ( Paisa does nothing by doing this, it is not right, Tu paisa paisa karti, Tu paisa does nothing by doing this) made songs  I think it's okay if I make it rain and the money becomes mine, I don't ask for gold or silver, I don't ask for diamonds and pearls, my heart gives me something in return, I don't ask for gold or silver, I'm not asking for a bungalow, car, meaning.  Dil dil ke hai na mango heera moti ek aur bhi hai yaar na mila pyaar kar le which song is that sona nahi silver nahi yaar to mila woh Anil Kapoor and Amrita Singh wala aise aise karke kuch sing 1983 to yaar to people  Na, this thing has been made like this, no one gets any friend in real life, no one wants some friend, some love, some love, money is very important, old songs, neither gold nor silver, did you break the wall of love, a rich man 's daughter broke the hem of wealth.  I have left it in the pictures that a rich man's daughter marries a poor man. In reality, a poor man's daughter also wants a rich man. This is the truth of life. Now, my tune has started changing a bit. To tell you, my last video was very good in the public market. Well, what I told you about girls, but there is no wrong in telling a little about what is going on in the society, so why what I am saying is again I will repeat, these are the issues regarding money, this money is taken away from loved ones. Lack of Clarity Lack of Financial Clarity Lack of the Skill of Dealing with Money Talking Money We should all be able to talk money at the dining table  Relax, that money was spent there, you give it, it's like this, no, don't talk about money, never talk about money, no one wants to talk about money, then who should they talk to, talk about Modi ji all the time, who will talk about religion? No, talk about something else, change the topic to talk about money. As it comes, change the topic. The families who talk about money in an environment where you know every buddy can contribute and talk about money with great ease are the same families.  Only those people become rich and those who immediately say no just do n't talk, get FD done, get a mutual fund done, buy a house, rent has come, now our syllabus is over, now do some good talking, you guys.  Some good things, good things like forcefully praising someone, how great you are, how much good work you have done, how well you have brought up, what a day it has been, you have made a lot of sacrifices, this relationship workshop is also coming in November after Diwali R whatsapp2  Which is given in one and a half to two hours and it is told that what should be done is very important but it is high time that we Indians start respecting, here Lakshmi ji is worshiped, Diwali is coming, why do we do it like this. Many of you must have heard Lakshmi Ji's Aarti Iam Shar, even if you do n't remember then you must have heard it. Those who are looking at me, there is a line in it. If you remember, this is what I do. Everything becomes possible, the mind does not get scared, this is what we need in life, everything becomes possible, everything is possible, so we want and the mind does not get scared, now why are we crying, what we want in the world is not possible and there are thousands of things to fear.  Will It Be Addicted Will I Run Out of Money in My Old Age What Will Happen Mind Set of Absence Instead of Mind Set of Absence So these are the things in our country people hesitate while talking, they are afraid but there is victory in front of fear. Go back to your old religion, go to your aartis, the way we live, it is very important that money should get its due all the time, this is the job you do, no, I don't do it for the money, then why do you do it brother?  That satisfactorily happy and I make them like money and I may improve their ability to make more money so richer is what I want to make people and happy first  You can decide whether you will become happy by becoming rich or whether you will become rich by becoming happy and that should be your focus should be like this Your content Kanjampatti Happiness can be taken from money but it should come and I will end with just one more old knowledge of money  Money has only three functions. The first function is enjoyment. Enjoy the money. The second function is donation. Whatever you are not able to enjoy, it is okay to donate it. You can donate it to anyone. Indian.  Contact doesn't have such a big heart that if you donate to the poor then you can donate to your children. If you don't enjoy the money then it is your own donation. It was the first task because of it, after a stage you are not able to enjoy it. This is also a  It is a fact and you have not done the second thing, that is charity so that my money can be useful to someone. Brother, if you cannot give it to the poor then it can be useful to the children and through them you can give happiness in life. You have not done the first one either, nor the second one either.  The third task is to destroy money.  It will destroy itself and go away, someone or the other will come and take it from you after listening to stories, someone or the other will take it by asking for OTP, no matter what happens, it will leave, it has to go, so those who are a little older will also be taken away.  I am telling you that try to keep your money not in money form, it may be in wealth form, it may be in asset form, money is very very fickle, Lakshmi ji is very very fickle and does not last as long as I did in the workshop. What formula did I tell in it and Pura has added it and you will enjoy it a lot, it is a highly recommended slice fee, that is, I think it is ₹ 1 and something else, okay, so please listen to it, that is why I priced it so low.  It is kept for you all to watch it otherwise you can consume it even by taking membership of the channel, it is a very good thing and you can make notes about it. Those who have attended it can do so in the comment section.  You can write about how you liked And Money. These were some of the points. I hope you guys liked it. I have been thinking about creating a new financial channel for a long time. If I get that much traction, please come in the comment section. It feels very strong for you.  When we reach the stop, you say no, let's start from here but no, I have added something from the stock market etc. But just like they say, in this shop where you are selling Chana Bhature, will you eat Dosa or Dosa?  A separate shop should be opened because it is necessary, so if you want to talk only about finance and have a good finance channel, then that is fine, because of the other people, I feel that a lot of YouTubers have occupied this space of 5000.  You will get so many in SIP and if you want so many then you should do so many SIPs. Apart from this, you are not making any content in my opinion and it is necessary because it is so bookish that if you put 00, you will get so many in so many years, so many returns and  If they also say and do wrong, then I want to tell and do those things too, but if you want, brothers and sisters, only that will happen, then please do write in the comment section. Thank you very much.