Hello friends, today's topic is pipe lesson, switch off should learn from Dehradun, I am taking the real estate example of Dehradun but it will be applicable to many other cities also, I will take the names of those cities also, we will get to learn five things if we are looking at investment.  Chaitra is the place where I live, I also have points, all the big needs are brought out, Dehradun is my favorite city, my son spent some years of my childhood there on Rajpura Road.  There is a school, soldiers redmi will do some classes from there, I will tell you a little bit about what he learned from the exam also in the interview. Now let us start with five things which I would like to tell, first of all to some people, if you tell the people there from the rate, Dehradun is expensive.  It seems that the local level people who live there are Gajre tow at 30 35000, the flag's 2BHK is available on Sada Road, yours is proper Clement Town and  At that place, if we consider Delhi-Gurgaon for a woman at the rate of Rs 35, then Rs 35,000 is not surprising, but according to that, the rates are higher for the public and that rate is higher for the people here too. I will also tell you the result in Almost One. I was going to do disinvestment, I am trying to tell you the things that I have done after doing complete research, it is okay that it took 24 months to understand, go and see, make notes, I am telling you the gist of it, I am not giving jobs to you. When you go there, half of the raw jobs are only government jobs, it is state capital, there are no other jobs, for the job where someone gets Rs. 15000, he earns Rs. 35 to 40 for the same job in places like Delhi-NCR. People and that is why they come here, it is hard to hide them, but in 3540 it is a matter of purchasing power factor, 15 A from there is equal to 25 from here, okay, but then  Even for 3540, they do not see any growth there, if the party is able to join then this is a big reason, then the rentals there are very low because there is no power of the people, there is no landing power or salaries.  There are more private jobs hijacked 3 lakh rupees 1.5 lakh 2 lakh lakh Chawla has no such job, this is one factor, the biggest factor is the real estate price, people keep asking about it.  Is the infrastructure ok? Yes, Bhang is the infrastructure in Greater Noida. Hey, what is the salary of the job? Will define the great list of prices? Please check Mumbai. The ability of the people to earn money and how much people want to go. And that is the second test and I tell you the same thing in many ways.  It is applicable in Mohali and Panchkula also. The second thing is the level of Education City. There is a label of Education City. Wherever Suncity labels are there, there is some tissue in the real estate.  Let me explain, like, is there any training here now? Those who go to the military, they must know that it is for SP because there are many government people here, who go to the office today, which is an option, otherwise there is an option to go to the local government. If you look at their choices till the bus stand, they are all government jobs and some people are able to go, those who go, they go and those who are not able to go, then are unable to do anything, then the label of Education City is very good.  Due to very good education, the real estate does not correct and some people may enjoy living there, there are schools, coaching etc., okay, there is no doubt in that, but where it is labeled only as an education city or not, nothing else happens.  Rohtak is also known as Education City. Rohtak is an Education City and here a child will be born and will pass out. This means that now no one knows Mumbai for education, no one knows Gurgaon for education either.  Wherever there is fire in real estate, there is no system of education, there are many questions on education even in such quotas, education is given only by the teacher as if he is a boy from Delhi, then he is taking education in the society of Delhi. But as soon as one comes out to start a startup, one goes to a place like Bengaluru or Gurgaon, this one goes to Pune, this one goes to Delhi, no one lives in Delhi, nor does honey turn interest in education.  You like it, you have to see in all this the underline principals and like hanging in Dehradun can relate to you but also from real estate that there is a feeling here like thing for me too I am telling you it feels very good but the wallet is good for someone.  At the time, it used to be felt that when you go there and see, a lot of catch-up will start, it does not happen by reminiscing about childhood or romantic spending, have you ever gone there in your youth because of the requirement of individuals that it is time change or third  It is mentioned in the thing that it is the government capital and this thing is applicable in Mohali also, which I forgot to cover at that time, it is the personality of Panchkula. It sounds a lot like this in speaking openly but the site is where government employees live, it is different.  It is okay and they increase the relative and buy local, so if it is from Punjab or Haryana, I will not tell much about it, people get worried, this is a website, it is not necessary to pick up eggnog.  Will we do it in Nicobar or in a well? That program is also done by the public but there is a natural desire to do something. Because of that also the rates are high. Increase the underline principal rate. Rental yield is not there. Ranks of rates ranks of real property price of speculative always.  Remembered as a teacher and saw three to four at the cent of midnight misses a beat and the price does not mean three and a half to four percent is not even coming where played at one and a half percent You are going to check, the printer is written in Rohtak, check, you are in Mohali, check, if you are in Dehradun, then this Jhajjar is labeled as Education City, where you have medical colleges, where you get training, where you have universities, then after hearing that.  It feels good but brother, those children do not have money, they have to do some planning from there and go somewhere else, that city is not able to grow like that, then the fourth fast entry, people say that I will come of age, you will see Dehradun from there. Youngsters are more in age, hence jobs are coming out. People who are older in age, like older people live in Mohali, also live in Panchkula, in Greater Noida too, money is not spent despite having pending power. This is what  Will not ride the metro, will not eat outside, will not blow hair, will not spend a lot, then the eco system SS mobile effect will not be there, where youngsters go, it will cost less than Rs. 30,000. Stuff will cost you Rs 25 and after one age, if your budget is even Rs 70, then you will not spend more than Rs 20,000. While cooking the zucchini lockheed in your evening, you will add the whistle of the pressure cooker to the moong dal. Tadka pan of this district.  Button is yours and Domino's Pizza Hut is yours, you are going to eat from the same two, models are coming somewhere, this work is not working, I am telling you this one thing as an example, rest come again in your clothes.  Come on, no one is buying this lens of yours, when the games are being added to Flipkart, your shoes are not changed, and within 3-6 months, you get haircut, I have a system with you, you go, this hairstyle is not your different method.  You are showing that you are not going to the beauty parlor. If the crowd is young, you see how much difference it makes. If the person is between 20 to 40 years of age, then she is bearing all the expenses. I am telling you as some examples.  But he can't be noble, there will be less barber shops, there will be less salons, if there are barber shops then there will be people too * But ₹ 50 is only a great, that won't be your 150 228 hair cut, first the head, then both of them should start, then the hair will stand up.  Do it and then he will do something. If there will be no such system, then that Nike earring is also less, then he will also spend less in future. That too is that system. At night, when I went around the whole thing, made notes and looked carefully, then I related it.  This is the same thing for me, in the city, the people look so nice, this great happiness and peace, of course you have happiness and peace, but we have to see it according to the real estate, okay, so happiness and peace are such that it I was called for a consultation 15 to 20 kilometers away, there is old age home work. If you want a video on this, I will make action holiday home from developed York. Cons. Oldest Muzaffarnagar Difficult Senior Citizen assistant  Living is fine, I know there will be rich rich people there, it is not that the children have left it, it is not a work of type people, it is okay that people in India are daily, so if you have videos on that too, then please write, you need it for your parents. Secondly, I will also make you aware of the preparation in this, it is very important to be an expert and no Indian will be graduating. 2% is fine, what is going on in The Best Society is nice, not necessary but and fine, basically there in the fort.  Okay, so I was checking all this in between or whatever I did with my friend. Okay, so the thing is that when the gentry goes above one level, you don't spend money, that means the maid who comes will have to eat.  If you won't make ghee for one time, then you won't pay for three times. Okay, then that expense gets reduced. And this thing attracts many people and whom does it attract? The old thing attracts this one. As I have seen people, there are servants on the group, they are in some province, I would say bad, I like it, it is a diet, those who belong to Bihar or those who do not want to go there, in their original district, they say that you can, those people are fine.  So those who come from such a place where their originals either come from humble background or from such cities or from the original place they are more expensive than you Rs. 95 Deshnok Sudhir can suck please ok please they have no such  That people living in Dhar, Dehradun is very popular among friends, so if he tells me one thing which will be my fifth point that even for such people, children will not come, you will have 210 seats, you will live for happiness and peace, you are retired from 5458 2.  Whosoever the judge may be, depending on whether you have retired and settled there and you like it, have you ever been posted there?  It seems possible to you, the weather seems fine, this third very important lion, on top of that, this 6272 time recipe also had to be cut, wherever you live, but the children can no longer go there, neither do they have any jobs, they can turn off, it seems very certain.  All these highways will be built in 2-3 hours from Delhi to Dehradun, but brother, there is no current in it, there is no vibrancy, okay, and in such a situation, when there is a lot of acting, people are finding it expensive and some  Keep doing what I told you, I had given a hand to you people, okay, so I personally tell him that like my judge who was the thought process regarding Dehradun, who was my total CR of Kumar, to me he was an old world charm here.  The volume has gone away, but for many people, if you look at the same thing from any angle 10, 15, 20 years, 25 years ago, something changes, something changes, the place changes, then the same thing, if you  Aaj decision- making let's sugar and 3050 spoil yours and later is so you will release what ever basis you are doing dost basis only change be a dost basis only changed when it is not very fruitful decision to put money they are  Same thing, the rest of the people are going to live as much as they live, the way they live, Dodiyan Nautiyal  After all, those who are friends and acquaintances in my circle are fine, those people who live there like Rawat Pei are very close to my acquaintance, then those people are as if they have achieved this position in life and  If their children and co-workers go to the super, then after going there, that time does not pass, because if you tell me, I will go to the garden, I am the biggest fool in my vegetables and pulses, time does not pass like this, at such a time, maybe 90  In Brother, it would have been 1617 times to make you very happy in life. I understand Nil Bate Sannata as Nil Bate Sannata ji, I don't think it is a special issue, I don't think it is ok, so advisors, invest money in such a place to live, but this is my request, before investing the money, I said 24  People come here because once you have invested the money then you will have to like it tremendously. Take a leave in between and go and see it once and roam around because the facilities that a big city offers.  As soon as you make a call, it is like in Gurgaon, if you think of any auspicious thing, it comes to your house in 20 minutes, some food or drink and no need to go in the daily queue because people will no longer be old, this will pass the time by going to the chemist's shop. But I will bring the medicine and then I will drink it no matter what. This pakoda here looks like a bull. It is very rubbish. It is not that it is exactly the same people who lived and wrote Ruskin Bond's book. Don't do that one on the front side. Dehradun Mussoorie people were of today, they should not know the world by reading their books. There in the bakery, in front of Tika, I used to remember all the memories of me and all the patties and pastries and everything they used to make for it.  The shops are still there, they look equally tasty, but brother, you have to connect to reach there, you can't park your phone or watch, you ca n't park the small streets, now what has happened, after doing this, it looks like the end, it starts becoming better than those in big cities.  The thing about exams is that gradually their people too, who are their next generation, like I went and met some of the people in whom they had grown up there, okay, so there seems to be a lot of nostalgia, a realization comes, you say that their  With indifference written in the eyes, if you ask what happened, where are the children, then not only the children are theirs, they also have children in the future, but Bani has also left the same thing which was his father's, he is running in big cities, he is making more money, so now I have closed his shop.  yes  If you become like that, then you took that old world skin with you in that city, you became something else either because that thing was going on, then the child is also living and that is and now he is like eating that kind of thing.  People were saying that the price point cannot be higher then when I saw that the things which are available here in Gurgaon at the rate of 514 rupees are ok in the single tasty but better in price but that pricing is not the same, now somebody has to get the taste of this with the bill. For this, I want that, you keep that cartoon of yours, this is you can take a call, it can be a medical facility, a note, a cigarette, celery is fine, and in this way, you have to see that you are from the point, and now Meera, my request is two months left, see.  Lo then buy Lord of people and don't be livres especially in small towns when you have installed property and don't buy any more on us this debit which I will never suggest if you have in system properties buy something first  If you have kept the Bhagwat of the country, then after not selling the thing, the state capitals generally do electricity, okay, they are doing well in that state. It is possible that people will want to come back. First of all, the one from Pauri Garhwal, the one from Kumaon Hills, does not go directly to Delhi.  First of all comes to Dehradun because for this the next step is that a person living in Dehradun for a long time can go out, ok then go to the special How To Replace but where it helps you in investment.  If you want to see it logically then gentry the apps dependent power thermal power makes no difference to earn enough power if the spending power will come from that then now jhal sa subscribe English description Subsistence is ok you forgot I am ok basically if you are just making a living  Okay, by saving Rs 50,000 in the pension of Rs 70,000, leaving only Rs 20,000, what were the things that the match and the city thought of doing?  It happens, I don't write off the entire city, you should n't feel bad but the fact is that you have these underlying principles, you took its example and saw what is happening in your city, sister ji brought bathua, how many times did you spoil the celebration?  I always give this example, when the thought process is ₹ 10 or 8, where entertainment is yours, then that city will not be doing extremely well in the long term. Spices can come in between in some way, I told you about its fine now, but the underline principle is that this unsatisfied wealth creation and without this, an investment has to be a process, not the best result, now like this study on Yamuna Expressway.  Can I send you Bigg Boss past its people under the line and they are nothing there and you are going to be so gray as the rates have gone but people's argument says brother surprise then the price has increased.  So brother, even if you have Bitcoin, you sell your house and earn money from there and you should be processless. In investment, there is investing in stock market and investing in set class and investing in any subject class with benefits but in real estate.  You should know that end process can do that who would like to digit make sense Shaukat friends, friends' chart is done but it came out among us, did you take it at what rate?  Who will take the ultimatum? Just like in Gurgaon, even in the commercial area, people would make noise and say that the rates have increased, everyone 's answer is the same, but at a tax-rich time, some are starving body or skinned bill devotees. If it is okay, then you also know about the metro.  Where was it listed? What is going on now? What else is there? If you know about Paytm, then people have taken it and earned money. Many people have bought their shares as children and the public, so ultimately, the middle and  Friends, you will earn money, it also seems to be increasing, this is the list of some people engaged in the stock market which will show you daily and there is nothing else happening in Wipro, it is the time when people have blurred ultimate account, fool people for a long time.  Time you can fool All the people Few times you can fool Some people should attend fast food And the people all the time If you understand Shahrukh 's fool, you can't fool all the time Some people are old so they can always fool  And we can make some time for everyone, but not all the time is available for everyone, so they discover, so whenever you approach a city, go with an open mind and try a new practice, remove old liking and disliking. Edit Statement List I did not like that city but Now something good is happening, I can see that vibrancy, you will see physically people, you will see young people or two, you do not need to have such an account, generally you have to roam around, you will see more people above 60 years of age.  They are above 70 years of age, they are below 20 years of age, they are below 30, all of them you are seeing are just reading and running away after reading, so you will not see anyone of 28 years. You will see that the students who are studying are those who are below the age of 24 and then there is a meeting in between, after that when the government people and this you will see in general, then it will seem right that till the end the talk about investment is true. Things player rolled back role in the long-term, rest of the local regulations which you all should be aware of, there is a different thing which is seen in its advantages and disadvantages that the more meter the road is, the wider the road is then FIR.  Pricing according to that means like if the road is wide then it is a spiral, what is the mode and where there is a road, then when can you build a house, then please do not know this basic thing, it is based on yards.  The rate will be requested, not only he does not know, I can make less here, that's why I am getting this idea, everyone's pick is clear, things like this are there whether it means you or a particular place, so whenever you go to invest somewhere, then there  If you know all the local routes regulations, then you will deal with them otherwise there is no one here to teach and tell you that the middleman was in the deep plot, tell me, it is okay if that is the kind of thing you like.  very much A means by asking, asking, asking or do you know that I have to ask something, only then someone will tell you, okay, then as I told you, you guys will be surprised that how does this happen in Gurgaon in Haryana, you are ready to do the birding.  Have some fun, you are fine, it has nothing to do with the road, it is fine but here it has to do with the road, so 3000 1000 something witch another learning that fakir jar.  For Neem, I went to Dehradun for my tablet, but it is up to you as you wish. If you go to Rajasthan, you will get Virol cheese, you will not get free fruits. Okay, in Noida, you will get freehold and you will get time and travel. Don't give it by making the recipe of S The [ __ ] of [ __ ]. You can go to many places. Okay, so you should remember all these things. Green chilli and if you like pics and message templates, I will keep bringing learning. Absolutely or do not write off. I tell the cities.  Youth, if you want to consume 35 Shakti from paste, if you want to find old kind of things like Ruskin Bond, then you will get that too, you will get lots of old world but it is vanishing at a very fast rate, it is okay and comfort zone problems are okay.  Big cities have their own problems which are becoming spiritual at a very fast pace and such cities which had good old world skin are having new problems.  So every city goes by bicycle for 10-20 years, at one place the problem is being recorded, at one place it is not coming, these will also be rolled but it will take time, everyone is on their cycle, some behind and some in front, Agyeya has given a big bell like this in the next  About which city do you want to know a little more? Please write in the comment section. I will tell you about it. Thank you.