Hello friends, I will tell you about these four-five things in your kitchen. If there is a wrong scam going on, then address it. This is a very interesting topic. It is very good for all the men. This topic is good to give to your wives because they are in you from morning to evening.  Even when courts come out, if this is happening in your situation then please correct the class monitor as I also know otherwise, it is women's duty to point out mistakes. It is ok so women are listening so silently correct your problem. I am speaking and all the men and boys who are married are listening and even if you are not married, can anyone tell me about mom? Okay then check, mistakes are happening in your kitchen, first we read, give the fridge to the fridge.  I will tell you the things, is it your fridge or not, is the fridge ok? So watch this video as soon as the fridge is gone. Hit the top of the fridge and see how far it is. Okay, I do Vaastu and I have 100% faith in it.  that this thing is in everything Wrongs are happening in many houses, and what wrongs were happening in your houses, please write in the comment area, first fourth and fifth like this or first third fifth or jo five or say I am on top, anything.  Not wrong, in my house my wife is an IT topper in Home Science, okay, so first of all, there is a lot of dirt on the fridge, people's fridge is very uncomfortable touching the wall, keep it away, okay, a little 4 inches away.  Keep it and the dirt above it will have to be cleaned every second day. People do this, perhaps everything else should be cleaned in a month. This is the slab, all that is cleaned. Ask the broom, everything is below, do that. This is the second biggest mistake people are making.  What is happening in your house? Tell me, the front portion of the fridge is not there but it is seen in big places. Many people stick it like this. If it is happening in your house then tell me, it adds stress. It has not happened. Video standard. Take a look at your house  If it is like this then these two things came to the third and then let's move ahead. Okay, the breads that are distributed in your house, she is doing them by distributing them on the gas that she is holding like this and by distributing the gas like this. That is not right, she is making it for you in a hurry, or it is your wife who is making it, what is the reason, she cooks bread like this from above, she is a flower like this, she remains raw from inside and she is doing such things to the digestive system. make too much bread  It will take time, just as it was divided in the olden times, it is a cloth, it is called different words in different speeches, what is called your 'I', please write in the comment section, ' Depends on India' is not removed with tongs in the house. Now the rock is being cooked like this, your lady will never know that the real roti is that the jackfruit is raw from inside. You will know only when you cook it like this and cook it for an extra 30 seconds. Only so many people will come to know about what they are doing, these in the hotel and these at other places, those who eat here with enthusiasm and these poor people can't do anything but look like this, there are three-four in the house.  He is a man of milk, he will not eat 10-12 rotis, please add 6 minutes extra for that or the cook who comes in the media, please teach him that these are all small things but it is very important. Next point is the donor, okay this is the fourth point. In the fourth point, there are spices and a spoon in the masala donor. The spices are mixed like this. Like I have told you earlier too, you can keep them at different places, that masala goes to everything.  And they have an energy which is mixed and mixed with each other. Like I tell you, you have a kind of spices whose frequency is high or low. Now, the bay leaves that you put in the pulao and whatever items you have.  Do you know  Ladies would know, men would know, okay, big cardamom and the one which makes biryani, some rice, pulao is divided, that should be kept separately and the one which is your gram masala and this, red chilli and salt, should be completely different, salt. I have seen people say that whenever I do something like this, there is chilli and turmeric in the salt, two items are added in it, it never turns white, go and check yourself, check, do nothing.  If you could then brother  Men will have to do it, we feel like that tap polish, where does that paint come out, it seems to be a remover, right girl, whatever it is, it comes out by doing it like this, it doesn't come out like this, it doesn't come out well, then why is it necessary to apply it again? If the tap polish does n't come out then ask why they have to do it, this is a mess, you will fix it, it's okay to eat food, which is a science, since earlier there were no fridges for free Jains, it's okay, whatever thing is there to eat, people of Taseer.  Take this one for freshness and it lasts for 90 minutes. Any fresh food can be prepared within 90 minutes which we Indians make. And this whole vegetable dish can be done in 19 minutes by putting it in the fridge and then taking it out again and then microwaving it like this.  Things are not right and the more utensils are changed, the worse is the taste of the food. Remember, like those who live in hostels, first put it in the bigger one, the food will be cooked, then put it in the smaller one and then put it in the smaller one.  Will send it in the tiffin, then it will come back from the tiffin, then you will take your plate, put it in the plate, your five utensils are changed every time, these utensils are being changed, is there one more thing happening in it which I want to tell you, if this point is correct then it is fine.  Not only this, there should not be so many utensils changed, it should come straight from the one in which it was cooked, the program should be straight and simple in between meals, that is fine, the digestion power remains good, try it, okay, one last point is that many of us have been using soap.  I have received your check from him, right?  Do whatever is your June, go and see its condition, what is it, you will go there, there are more germs in your kitchen, in the bathroom during people's day, if someone from outside, call a biologist or major and go away, whatever you are, with whom you have to wash the utensils. Please go and see its condition. My video of the dishwasher is being mixed by the maid. It is not visible to you. You can hear it. If you want to sleep, you cannot see it and sometimes you can even see it. Very quickly, the maid is giving the utensils. Next room, next.  kothi next  Koti Next Kothi because now their supply is very less, demand is now very high, as the ladies below start reducing, first of all they earn money, then they will reduce, won't they? Asked the broom, if the utensils are that then this is Washing utensils is against the evening. What used to happen earlier? What did the ladies do? They were not allowed to enter the house. The cleaners used to go from outside only. They used to keep the outside altar for cleaning. Coming inside the house happened like this gradually. What happened then?  not of  Come on, come inside the house, otherwise this is just the drawing room and we will take care of the rest of this debt inside, okay then come to the kitchen, I was a sister, she will not come to the kitchen, what's the matter, the vegetables are being sold, so let's do this and cook some as well.  Okay, this is how Gunja comes, well, if Gundari comes, then go ahead and make roti, okay, so this is the deterrence that has happened in our country, women do very less, okay, the figure is less than 9%, 91% do not do it within the middle class.  Indian average 19%  It's okay but yes, 9% women in the middle class do less and those who don't do 91, what is happening in their homes? Hey, at least I belong to you. Don't do this to me. I don't belong to any woman. I asked the broom and utensils.  If you get it done properly, it will be done properly, if not, it will take time, then you have to go to the next house, then what are we doing to increase the money, then the good one will come in two and a half days, you will learn respect, I am telling you, I am monitoring the men. women caused corruption  There is something in the food, hey, you drink so much tea, your wife will tell anyway, she won't tell anything else, what is happening is not against women, it is your department to make women aware, if you can't do it, then tell me.  The husband can do one more thing because it has to be insured, whatever things are insured in big kitchens, which are cleaned with a cloth, in which they say, please give a dirty cloth to clean because it is very expensive.  There are such products which I myself suggest and after trying them myself, I tell them to two people, they come in such good quality, they get cleaned very well, they are made by big software, which means if tea puri spills, if you hit it with a cloth like this, it gets cleaned in one go and  Its cleaning program is also very good, so keep this thing, please don't ask for a dirty cloth and if you have to clean it, the dirty cloth is the one that people clean on the slab in their kitchen. It is a clear relief that in many cases the slap is  on you  You beat someone and I don't do this to make someone look disgusting and not to look down on them. I am talking about the good ones, the rich houses, the poor, the poor cities are getting worse, this is how it feels to me, I think it is okay.  Because perhaps I also have more sensitivity than butter. Broom asked density. Start making from bed, you will put small things in it. Video can become very long, such things are dead to me, I know what do you want to hear inside the house, different videos.  For example, if I make seven-eight things here, will it not seem that I am harassing women? And what about women? Friend, she is sold to me, women are all men, you also have a role, you also have a house, someone like this.  So it must be said that the woman has taken the contract but yes, if the woman who lives at home says that I am going to run the house, then it will be your appraisal for running the house, there is no pressure from the husband, there is no pressure every year, neither the husband got promotion nor the husband got it.  good [ __ ] doesn't  It's just that Pistachio doesn't listen to women too, so who would be the one to audit? Women do n't know what I do. Yes, actually men don't know what women do. Maybe if they find out, then either give them something less or you.  How much Netflix do you watch, how much do you talk to your mother, how much do you gossip, on holidays you just take her for a ride with this, she brought this with you, you do n't even know what is happening from behind, the last woman, life is mixed in the rules.  There is no pier in  Isn't it Man Ghat, Mahila Ghat, everything has to be done, there are 50 people who are going to evaluate it, so tell me how did you like the video, share it, enjoy and don't take stress, if anyone liked it, it was not meant to be big, it was not for my own sake.  Do you worry a little about so many children at home, and all that energy is being spent on improving your children? If you have a son or a daughter, then the clothes on top of your relationships should be clean and you will become bread. Separate the spices in the masala bowl and grind them fresh.  this which  On the road side, let me tell you one more secret. Okay, why is the food at home not being eaten by the people which they used to like earlier and for that people go out and all the videos they make on YouTube are small lions.  KG Pandit Jat Bhandar is the only one there, what taste does it have? There is no taste, there are ground spices, there is nothing else but taste. I am such a big foodie, I do n't know how to cook food that much, but I will describe the food like a complete critic. This is what is included in it. is in it is put in it  It is the old one that is lacking, yours is bad, this ginger is bad, okay, my confidence is of that level, I would have some idea that yes, he sings a lot and talks about drinking, okay, so he is nothing, he has those old spices, his father would have told him too.  While making tadka, it is just a game of a little bit of spices, so sir, the game is lis in de masala and in an average kitchen, where there is no fun in eating, only these spices are kept properly and are not going to get old, they remain open.  are and they live because  Aroma: Along with the aroma, there is a medicine inside it. If you research them properly, most of them come in the medicinal category of Ayurveda, then it is like a medicine. All of them have an expiry date or a way to store them.  It happens that that head is wrong. If that head is wrong, then that test will never come. You will never see this when you ever go out to eat like this, he or she keeps the boxes separately, he or she, not that, like this, keep all the boxes in one place, concentrate. see from  Taking things will not take them from here to there, but they will feel good inside the house, there is no dust, the spices on the fridge are fine, the utensils are fine, the bread is being cooked properly, the stomach is feeling fine, there is no hunger in the life, there is enough food in the stomach.  And the stomach becomes clean, this is 60% of the success and one of the 6570 people I talk to, it is 100% of the success, these three are reduced, just saving the feeling of hunger and getting programmed, this is the success, so give it a fox, you do this also.  No, you have given everything else to Fox, thank you very much.