Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting. Five things will tell which will increase the productivity and happiness of a middle class man. I will tell you 5 things. This is one of those videos which says send 20 people to your group, now it will be good in the friend circle.  At the very beginning there is a request that if you like it then please spread the word to maximum people and share the video. This is a development for the middle class man. You are not creating any kind of content. In this group too, mostly you think. If no one is telling them about the 30 to 50-60 people in this group, then I will tell you 5 things. Only 5 have equities. It is quite easy to do 5 according to me.  If you don't feel easy then don't do it. If you do all five then you will get hundred percent result. If you do four, you will get 80 percent. If you do three, then you will do 602. Then you will get 40. If you do only one, then you will get 20. Please do it.  Write in the comment section whether it is 1234 or 2030, whether it is 2345, whether it is 345 or write already, then it is going to be very interesting, first I will explain the logic of each in the date of posting. All the middle class men and their wives.  You should outsource maximum work in the house and if you are not doing it then please tell me. Question: A woman does not sweep, mop or do utensils. No, start getting them done, I am telling you what to do, so women should keep their abstinence to a minimum, it is okay to use these cooking oils, so now they do not do that much physical work, but the work of a man, the accused source did not focus on him.  Because what is the first thing you have to do, you have to hire a driver, it is 12 to 14 thousand rupees, keep it for 3 months, if you do not have a prawn lala life in your life, then do not keep it, after that it is 35 thousand rupees for 3 months. Your money will be wasted in me itself, which you could have saved and could have become a tycoon, so I am stopping you from becoming a tycoon, this is a 14000 wedding worth 12,13 thousand rupees, there were drivers at these places, now I have nowhere to go, this is me, I am on my own.  How can you drive the car yourself? If your wife becomes a driver, more than half of her time will increase. Your productivity will increase on Saturdays and Sundays. Then you will take the driver with you in the car or any household work will be done. A relative is coming, father is coming.  Mom is coming, she needs to be taken somewhere, something has to be done, get your driver beautiful including vegetables and other things, if you hold the list, then whatever work you do at home apart from your job, you can get it done by him, you can't get it done.  Tell me 3 Write in Hindi and come and your wife has to go to meet her relative, your sister or any close relative, you do not feel like meeting her, your wife does not feel like introducing you to her at all, she herself feels like meeting but Madam  had to take you  Take a car to those women who don't know how to drive, but even where a car is available, then you only see, today parking is a true monk, this is you get down and subsidies reduced, imposed 10 minutes shifting and taking off the car, acidity and constipation district.  If someone among you finds the budget too high, then you can also share it with someone close to you, be it a [ __ ], your friend, your relative in the society, and you will have to coordinate your vote on a sharing basis at a time.  For you people, this was my first tip, my second take is very simple, gender can also be determined through astrology, you will see a little but middle class is not doing this, I talk about six vests and sauces that now only a few people  Left has become right, friend, it's not fun. Listen, do whatever you feel like. There will be percentage growth, this will be more happiness, production will increase, productivity will increase, peace of mind will increase. This vest of Shyam will be worn by many people. Values ​​are there are torn also, the shirt on top would be very good, there is no shortage of such, but one thing is that whether you have a vest or not, you keep searching for these raw people like this, now you people keep the data of yours, yes now.  I am also a Vaastu consultant, so when I do my consultation, I do this basic chatting, open the wardrobe, show people's cut like this, I don't want to tell but the fact is that you have to buy a new vest, if possible buy new clothes. Wear white on Monday. On Tuesday, take a redicoat. On Wednesday, take a grill pan. On Thursday, take this first. Don't get arrested on Friday. Do n't wear black on Saturday and neither on Sunday. You can change this idea every six months, no, I don't know, this has not happened now, no, if you change it in six months in seven months, then I will stop you from becoming a tax tycoon.  If you do n't change then you will become a typing person and the merchant has also done the same thing, he is a madman with a very important hobby, searching for the above saying is it torn or it has opened like this, it is okay, it means that if you had come to know about them, even after a limit.  If you take it out then keep these three things, then they will start demanding from inside, let me tell you one thing, how do you feel from inside, the day or a new one, but a little people are feeling that this is the third massage massage parlor.  My job is to give massage to someone in massage parlors. If you are classed then there is quality in big cities. There are good boys who do massage. It is very good. It is peak in Gurgaon so testing is very nice. Even in big cities, fitting Rafi 80. You will get a massage worth Rs. 1000 once a week. What will happen is that your monthly expenses will be Rs. 3000 till now. In the first one which I told you, the expense was a little more in this one also.  It is expensive, but I want to tell people that it is a matter of commitment. The person who smokes alcohol or cigarettes does not have a commitment to smoke cigarettes. There is some benefit in it, there is some benefit in it, some are not, and even daughters do not stop smoking, why don't they stop smoking cigarettes?  Find out if you have done this much, then when you do these things, then show this video to your wife also. This video is not talking to you people, this video is not talking to you people, you people should also share this video through video and others who were listening should also share it with you.  to husbands  Please tell me otherwise because by getting that massage, your life increased by 4 to 5 years and a disease was about to come, Meena, you got delayed that when you massage your body, the blood circulation will go, the traffic minutes will be kept, that will be the liquidity for the whole week. You and your body will grow. It is not necessary to go to the hospital only when the body is bad. Preventive maintenance is also something like the oil and water of the car and all that gets checked. It is not necessary to take it only if the body is bad.  I want to know, we will pay tax on the car, we will give insurance, we will buy it from the cars whose annual insurance is Rs. 10 lakhs so that the car does not get lost, if it does break down, then we are ready to give this much if we do not lose money from the pocket, for this body of ours.  People used to get their life service done for three crores, then three crores, 2 crores, 2.5 crores, 1 crores, four jaggery, they used to get a little bit of Falguni, they polish it, so what is there to do with the body, well, now is the time for that skin to be dry.  I am getting more good oil, I have found good oil on Amazon, you have bought all the good oil for Rs. 400, I am not going to take names, I am a sponsored video, if you like these things, then the option of thanks has come on my channel, that is why I have done it from YouTube.  If you like the things, then thanks will come, isn't that money related thanks? By saying a little, a little, very expensive, I am telling you about the happy things in the monkey form and consultation, so send it to all of you.  Show that you understand this thank you because I am increasing your productivity, that's too much, you have to get your massage done once a week for 3 months, 12 weeks. On my saying, how much does eight nine ten thousand rupees cost or F-35 friend?  I have increased the driver's allowance till 45, then the underwear and vest will cost Rs 3000, so till 2017 it is fine, till now it is fine, after this, if you come, then the fourth very important point is this.  You should get your bud done tomorrow morning itself, if it is like battle of etc. type, come tomorrow morning, whoever is watching the video, whenever he is watching the video, get the Vitamin B12 Vitamin D test done the next day. 99.99% answer is that your [ __ ] will come out and then  Start taking supplements, if you do n't have time to be a doctor, start it, it's ok, but you should get the test done. Profits from this, you will get the result which I said is 19049 deficiency.  Get it done, and as soon as it comes out, go and see a doctor, he will prescribe you for 3 months that those Ali eaters come with apps and videos, their people also come with videos, then you see, things will open up in your life like this, you will open up, you will get energy.  What happened to the end, friend, don't tell me this sign, will you tell the doctor, anyone will tell this, more articles keep coming, but the normal middle class will not share among themselves by making noise because one of the stress is fatigue, all the work I told you, I had to hire a driver. Greasing productivity, not going as a driver yourself, doing all the things properly, now the last thing I am telling you is the fifth most important thing, taking out time to learn something new in your life, instead of going somewhere like a driver on Saturday and Sunday, spend some more time in your mind.  To waste the function of me like webinar this someone else this someone else this anything and something new learning Saturday Sunday Birthday Jam Conductive Vinayak Even Friday will also be doing for  Astrology time shot a little, eight and a half children of this class, those of you who want to become platinum members can do it or you will not learn anything, a sense of empowerment comes, new meaning, do practical work like this video, whatever I told you, Doobal  It is on the strength of class, it is practical, it is motivation, there is no where to go, to climb the mountain, to gain knowledge, in the amount of knowledge, I can do this and try this, this is your leg 40  After spending Rs 50,000, I paid for three to four months, but if you look at it, what will happen if you stay with me and then you will continue, your body will get better and your running capacity can increase a lot, the time you waste in commuting-  In getting irritable while driving one's own car while going and in getting irritable and showing an irritable expression inside the house, it leads to the irritable hand of the wife and all this irritable hand is then passed on to the children.  If he goes out and travels, studies the environment, prostitutes and children, and whether he could have become something else or not, we will never know its benefits, we will feel some of its benefits, but if you do second third fourth 6 total thinking, then it has many benefits.  And I have seen that the people who have the capacity to do so, those who are completely middle class, do not keep all their feet dry etc., that I also know, it is okay that she will wear the kachcha-baniyaan for herself. If you can't make her work on Friday, then brother.  Get it done once, if you can't get it done four times in a month then get it done twice. This test of Vitamin B12 digit will be less than 1000 2000 3000 and this is not something to be done every month. Get it done once in 6 months or once in a year.  Get it done again, okay then this is also not such a thing nor is it a thing to be learned, the ability is on you because as soon as you learn something new in life, you are sure to achieve great things in life with happiness. You are on one thing.  You will come because we have a commitment. When we have to spend money on movies, we have to do it. We go on a tour for three days. Our Rs. 70,000 is spent on taking photos. In that amount, you get the driver's salary for 6 minutes. Fire him and take the driver too. If you want to go for a walk, then I will see you. Like an alternate, people are spending their resources and money in different places. People have kept the subscription of six rotis on Amazon.  We will see primary, we will also watch Netflix, we will also watch that web series, parchiyan song, that too, subscribe, do this too, that the public has liked it a lot, sir, nowadays it is such that China is ours, the husband, on his own behalf, has kept his children above crores on his mobile.  You are running your own family and your children have gone to school. Look, there is more here than that. Look, brother, if you are spending 3 to 4 to 5 lakhs for your child's education in a normal school, then are you spending money on your child?  on 10  Can't spend 12 thousand years, now tell me, I have got a job to study, brother, this is always fun learning process, life is always fun learning process, please write to me in the comment section, I request you all to know how many of these five you would like to do.  Which one did you like more? How many are you already doing and how many would you like to do further and how many will you try and please watch this video at least in your 20 30  40 So there is a friend circle, there are friends, send them also the cost, when everyone starts doing it, then you are doing this to the Nehru man as if you will massage for the wife and with him, tell me about the massage every day, whether the massage is being done or the wife.  So she also goes to the beauty parlor, so take care of her daughter, witch got it, I am not refusing, this is the spread monitoring, someone got this, someone got this, I also bought clothes for someone, you spend so much. So the body also belongs to the man, he is fixing it from inside, the woman is fixing it from outside, someone should cut it from outside, I am judgmental and for ladies, ladies also have a budget of two, three, four, five, 10,000, okay cutting.  One more last advice to the men and women, do not blacken your hair even while leaving, get a massage instead, there is expense in that also, why should you not blacken your hair, if you want to make a video on this then it is a great thing.  If you want to know and it is right for me to tell you why you should not dye your hair black, whether it is a man or a woman, then there is excellent content on it. If you want, I will definitely make a video on it. You have to write.  If you have black hair, you will write hair black, I know that I should not do that, I will understand further, you are BL and black cut ego bye, sorry, okay wash your hair, I will understand, I am fine if the hair is black, then the video will come. How did you like this one? tell share with people  thank you a