Hello friends, today's topic is in two parts, the first part is about Delhi's maximum do the earth moving towards Gurgaon and free from Gurgaon and Noida, so I will tell those factors in the second part in this video that the people in Gurgaon are buying today. Any kind of property, it is a human being, where is the justice, I will take a breakdown of it, it is going to be a very interesting video, but let's start with the people of Delhi.  Baby likes Gurgaon, Baby likes Base, Delhiites like Gurgaon, What is not like this in Noida, What is like this in Gurgaon, What is the technology, that Gurgaon was our infrastructure from 50,000 videos of Noida, Its good, It is good, Mother is in the fuel cycle of liquor bottle.  I will not go, that childish work will be done, okay, people from Delhi come to Gurgaon first, proximity is actual and President, both things because India runs on training.  It works on feeling, it works on emotion, it is okay, it does not work on relative. In democracy, it is not necessary for the most meritorious person to become MP, MLA or even hold any big post. People should feel that this is the best and the best.  Okay, now the people of Delhi are the first to say that someone else wins in the Assembly and someone else wins in the Lok Sabha and how many districts are there, you can see how many MPs and MPs are elected by one party. Birthday in Haryana.  They say election protection, it is ok, they used to say that nowadays if everyone is educated then everybody knows that MP election would have been different and one would get benefits, Delhiites warn others and voters, both of these parts are the devotee's, that is limited, but a lot. He is a big floating voter who sometimes goes here and sometimes goes here. I will not call him a bottomless loon at all. But with great pleasure he is a very intelligent person from Delhi.  The average person is very sensible and intelligent, he is good about himself, good about the country, good for whom, he knows everything very well, that is why I am discussing only in broad terms, what is he feeling like this in Gurgaon, so the first thing is the proxy.  Peeling is right that Dwarka and Dwarka Expressway sound exactly the same, G will stay in Dwarka Express, G will remain in 19 Sector Witch, okay then Dwarka is also the same but on Dwarka Expressway, that is because of proximity.  Psychological factors are the proximity of South Delhi to DLF Phase-1 Festival, you know it a lot but what is the surprise that the brother from Patparganj is also coming to Gurgaon, if he gets the same surprise then he can go now, that brother is also coming.  Okay, then there are other factors that are not playing out only this factor Proximity with a citizen, right? You have to write on all the lines, not more than five ribbons.  I will tell you the first design, you write after first agree, reduce every third strongly agree, fourth not agree, doing this will be interactive, you will have to participate a bit and I am such a teacher, I am ready to get my copy checked. Such a teacher, if all the vaccines are available in India, then you will become your  If you are ready to check what you have taught, then the level of education also increases a lot. Vikas comes from north-east, comes from the confidence of the teacher is a festival.  You can check it and tell me, it cannot be wrong, because if I know what is the sentiment in India, then I am telling you, then when you come to the comment section, we will also know every inch what I told.  That seems right to you, Proximities Second, many children of Delhi people work in Gurgaon because the zeal of Noida plus Greater Noida is the total population, the figure of Beans will also come to two and a half times three times that. Population of Guna Gurgaon and Top 5 Days Find IT Companies in Gurgaon is more in Noida of vegetation, so when jobs are created for their children, the children will also say that let's go to Gurgaon because the children will be inclined towards it and today the children will meet the girls from whom  If you want to get married, that too is mostly working, so that too is mostly coming out anyway. Well, this is also a tractor so that the children can be taken care of by you. The third important thing is Noida.  There is no registry of builders in India. Lease hold system is possible. It is possible for the people in India to give us some pain or some pain by inheritance in India. However, it is its own and Noida then ₹ 90 in it, I am absolutely not a few people.  That no one is doing that in Gurgaon, I think it should not make any difference, but it still happens because you cannot register people there, this is the third issue. Region is fourth season Noida infrastructure is good Greater Noida very good Pari Chowk wide good but builder marking is not there Amrapali JP Green Unitech's stranded project is going to come at 3808 position Who is building the embassy The system of food and money has been made by the government So  If the winters are not good then the end products are not that much marking. Wherever you live, whatever is the name of the builders, who used to be the top builder there, whose A  The name used to start with Gurgaon's seventh number builder, he was also a bankrupt, do you know that the one at that time, the Dwarka Expressway project, has been declared by the bank, so that one is mostly bank based builders, that one too and so much more.  Mara that one of them Maya Godrej garlic project, how many hydrates, what leaps and bounds did they take? Do you all know that when Godrej was booked in the month of September, the share price was high at Rs 500,600 because it  Police in 45 days, write the name of the old enthusiasm project, if it doesn't happen, then there is a huge thirst in Noida. These days, why are the big players not going to the big places to top, I myself am not able to understand, according to me, Shapoorji Shobha. And Godrej Mahindra all these big names should develop should go to do but bhai yaar dene not doing what is the research 133 Nazar Thi Fourth question comes that there is a lot of casteism  I will put it in this but still it has to be mentioned that the surname was Sahana, where the communities were identified, there are dedicated Haryana businesses. Many of the people who came from Haryana and settled in Delhi and those who did good in Delhi, are probably inclined towards Haryana or the UP people in UP.  R Kings of UP should invest in Noida. If you are not from UP then the default setting is Noida calling you, why UP train number is UP exit poll but Noida.  Most of the people from UP are going here. Fifth thing: Last, I will tell some items which I found in number five. I think maybe this is the second thing because it is a matter of feeling. Is telling the drain a thing of password number or not?  That Gurgaon is Nirupam and then there is so much for free in Noida. The type of properties in Greater Noida are limited. If you look in Gurgaon, then affordable housing is there.  There is a plot of Deendayal, then there are floors of Deendayal, everywhere of happy size, 2.5 BHK and 3.5 BHK appointed, the payment plan of celebrity builders, after that, then different projects, then on the next plot, as soon as it became yours, it became that. Something different is in the favor of big builders, still you go there and you know that they are bringing the plot, that in every way, whatever their system is, whatever you have is fine here, so people think it is cosmopolitan.  So this was a dishonor, now I am coming to the second part of the video that Roy in Gurgaon, the video is of 8 minutes 50 seconds, I will make part-2 of it, you guys have to write in the comment section that if you bought 10 properties in Gurgaon. If you want to know, then you can write to me in it, Demography Demography or DB, then I will understand that it is a different demography and this Wants to know if there is property for sale in Gurgaon and who is buying it and he is a human being, he will be profiled, what kind of person he is, what he is like, then he will become interested in himself, I would have created a problem in this too, I have just taken this Ghanshyam from the videos. And you all have to tell me that on Dual Day, because of the pattern, catch a particular thing and do it properly within 10 minutes.  If you have any questions about the five things that I have told you, in this you get 500 rupees and toe agri, you do free mode of agri and you do toe and toe agri, whatever amount you agri, please do write in the comment section, those who are not subscribing to the channel. Please subscribe to the channel, two real estate courses on for platinum members, one of my courses on please, you can subscribe to that also, thank you very.  mech