Hello friends, today's topic is 5 reasons due to which issue can arise in home loan and after that I will discuss a little more on home loan, you will get clarity on it, many questions were coming on this, first example of Gurgaon, I will give opposition from here itself. You were getting a lot of questions, whatever is being sold in Sushant Lok, in DLF, in Hooda, in Hansal Problem, in Builder Fruits, if you want to take more loan on this, then go for this campaign.  You gave the property papers, you saw, everything seemed fine to you, but when the bank has many papers, now the generation comes that the second floor is the first, it is cornflour, it is so much made on paper, so much is made in actual and so on.  That is mismatch, this happens when he comes to the value, he comes to see from the bank's side, this is becoming a big reason for not getting the loan and then he gets stuck on the deal page, there are too many issues in it, its already there.  Delhi You have to do only one thing for such customers that when you go physically and buy it, you have to match the flight builder floor which has been made by him and the one which he has taken on paper, otherwise you will not get the loan.  Your earnest money will die and you will get trapped in legality. There are many of them. The concept of this builder floor is of these Chunnu-Munnu ji builders, which means they take their own plots and build them in all the areas. Only a particular kind of people are taking it in Delhi. He brought some of this and caught them here and adopted them, it is okay for him to cut some of his check, give him some of that, it is okay for him that if any normal man wants to take it, he will not be able to take it, this is the first.  Okay, second thing, a married daughter cannot take a loan along with her father, even if her salary is Rs 2 lakh 4 lakh. Now all the people who are feminists and who raise such issues, this is an issue of equality.  There is equality everywhere. A working boy can easily take a loan with his father and mother along with his mother. Isn't it a nuisance? No one told me that a married woman cannot take a loan with her mother or father, not with her sister.  You can take it, but a son can take it along with his second elder or younger brother. Is this a male-dominated thing? You people should raise your voice on this. Two of the sisters are married and cannot take it among themselves as both of them are unmarried and work.  So you will still get it but one brother has issues with his married system. For loan from the bank, husband and wife are considered to be the best. For joint loan, the boy comes second and father comes third.  The boy comes in the fourth place, the mother and the two brothers, after them there is nothing much, the third and fourth, this was the reason for not meeting and in this, many people think that I will take his salary with my friend, get my salary.  Will do, not possible, can't take it, then many people think of not getting this loan five times because our salary is Rs 3 lakh, I also want to get a loan, but if your age is 56 years, then your retirement is in the employee's year, then you cannot get the loan. If you are taking a huge amount, then you go to the bank with more than 65% of your income, it will take into account your statements, if you do not want banking, then if you are a girl, then you can contact some applicator of your mother-in-law and father-in-law.  Can't make blood relation is required and anyone has any query regarding loan, any doubt, you can WhatsApp me by giving loan, anyone want to transfer loan, want to take fresh, he can tell me, it will help you and how much loan will be  There is a plate on how much leverage should be taken, that too can be done because in the current market condition, it is time to take leverage. Interest rate Narayan is all time low at 6.5 cents.  It is close to many banks, if your civil is good, if the video is simple, 65 points are very common, then this is the time, instead of investing more of your money, if you can comfortably invest your money in 15 years, you can grow in quiet 98% then at that time Put your minimum to take pair and take advantage of maximum loan because if you have to do a leveraged play list for long term then this is the best along with these next things.  I want to tell you that there is another problem in this, the correction that was not being done in affordable housing and the demand for loan was coming, that was the problem. Now the construction has been linked in the government, the demand for payment for it will come only when there is construction.  This problem will not arise in such projects and we will understand that if you have a project of Rs 75 lakh and the payment plan in it is like this: 3038  If it is like this, then you have to add 20% to it. You have to take a loan at 80%. Everyone understands how much you get, but it does not necessarily mean that you have to give that 20% only because the initial amount is  Whatever element is there, it will go in the same amount. It will be a little technical. Let me explain it on the basis of an example. Suppose you are buying things worth Rs 80 lakh. If the total is fine, then 16 will go from your side and 64 lakh will go from your side.  If you can take a loan then within the portion available to you, if you have given ₹ 1500000 late then it is not necessary that the initial 15 lakhs will be converted into 15 lakhs, in that too you can use my apt special amount of  It's 10-11-12 acts and it can be 4-5 lakh loan, it varies back to back, a good advisor and Good friend, whatever happens to you, Dell will get you the best in this foldable, people are facing a lot of difficulty in taking loan because very few people are doing the loan work, very lightly, some incentives are not right, it is more but  Social Work: Anyone facing difficulty in taking loan? Want to take loan; Take loan guarantee; List of Income Tax Rebates in WhatsApp Loan to be - If anyone has any doubts, when will it be available, how will it be available?  Will help in that, without getting the full name of the property in your name, you cannot take income tax rebate in it, you are taking the property in the name of mother, you yourself are an applicant in the bank for a home loan and you are paying the load but your name is in the property.  If not, then you will not get the income tax rebate. To get the income tax rebate, you will have to be the owner in the property. You should know that it is in these conditions and is giving loan in these conditions. You will also get the same income tax benefit by adding the amount of active interest during the period of under construction and five times after the period of corruption. When we create it, its file bay is spread out, you can click on it. If it is the interest you are paying to the banks during the under construction period, income tax rebate can also be taken on it. The maximum subject within this is obscene.  If you have two leg piece income tax rebate then your tax will be reduced by Rs. 60,000. If you are in the slide on Fati and if you have applied three or four percent area on it, then now the savings is approximately Rs. 62000 and 62000, where husband and wife both work.  One workshop too, savings worth Rs. 1.25 lakh which brings 1000 pieces, now at birth time, his ride to buy property. Property has to be righteous, you have nice property and if you get it quickly, it is so much better, it will climb on rent. Last I will finish playlist, one more thing for that there are many people in it, that the plots in India are big in the year, like getting a plot where I am. Want to buy a plot, its money is most welcome but one thing I want to tell you is that if you have a plot worth Rs 2 crore then its circle rate is around Rs 1 crore 1 crore 1 crore 10 1 crore 20  If you have a loan then you will get it then you will get only 70 cents in the case of loan plot. Some banks also give 65 cents which is very good means your civil everything is good and the location is big, everything is good so 70 cents.  If you get it, you will get only Rs 70 as loan. So, is there any jugaad of your own worth Rs 1 crore 30 lakh? Somehow, that note of Rs 2 crore will be used tomorrow to regret the thing which cannot be bought again.  There is no need because this thing should be known. We feel that we will take a loan because the plot is less than Rs. 1.5 crore, so I will take a loan of Rs. 1.25 crore. Even Rs. 1 crore are robbers and we cannot return the flat if we get a loan for Rs. 1.5 crore.  If you are getting a plot of Rs. 12000000 then you can take a loan of Rs. 12000000 but if you are getting a plot worth Rs. 1.5 crore then the circle rate will be Rs. 80 lakhs, you will get a note of Rs. 56 lakhs, even then very clear no.  Four lives will be brought from this place, he will buy a plot worth Rs. 1.5 crore and on top of that, he will also give you the registration and brokerage money. If you have to bring ₹ 1 then it has been very clear revenue. Right when you are Excise Singh and 24 on paper, it has been very clearly that.  This Bissau real world will appear later. With the basic information given to you, decision-making should become very clear.  There is a lot more on loan to discuss, I will share some videos in the future as well. How did you like this one? Please share this video with Lord of the People also in your circles, Dhandhe Raviaye Se Improve and Watch Question Galti Ho Tera Property Select. You will be saved from doing this, otherwise it seemed that I have a salary and a loan will be given, due to which the loan is not given, I have covered it, thank you.