Hello friends, today's topic is five reasons why parents should not stay with son-daughter-in-law. Son-daughter-in-law should choose with your five reasons. If you reduce these five reliance further, then please start living together, then what should I do ultimately? I will tell you that you should not live together under one roof, what should be done in the best possible way, I will also tell you after seeing the clarity of the name of the channel, to unite the families or separate them.  After listening to this video, don't think like this, don't run away, many women who grew up in one, would have run away when it was made clear that the person who invested in us will destroy us, listen, he will not do it once, a song that tells good things, there are 5 reasons, the first reason is  Yes, whatever the daughter-in-law comes, she is a girl, a woman, a girl's home, home is one's first region, one has the right to play in one's own home since childhood, you must have seen those who have daughters and as many small girls as they can because they are in every home.  let's play this is my tea Patti la my house, my baby, mine, this is mine, that is mine, he has the right to an individual house, one BHK, 22 for rent, two separate houses, how will all that copper be there, please request full video, you will get the answer, I will tell you all this logic, what is it whenever a marriage takes place?  If the child smells like a boy then the parents are in their early fifties, impose this late fee and when will they actually need their period in the future, what should the parents do with their children?  And who is that Jyoti, we will know on that. The second most important thing is privacy issues. A young couple is new, they have honeymoon in time and there is an old couple, father-in-law lives in Baig's place, drinking tea in India, thoughts keep roaming in the park.  She is not tall, she is a daughter-in-law, she can't roam around wearing a nightie, she can't roam around wearing summer clothes, she needs fat because she has a border, friend, then she keeps her door closed, then she has some complaints, she keeps her courage captive, you  So there is something basic, this is why nine children are laborers. Look, I am not ashamed of bringing such things but I feel a little cheap. You are talking like this. When my introduction to school happens or not, then you tell me whether you and  If it is not like this, then if you do not do it from the first point, then you have to discuss this thing and I will tell you the solution to the problem, so you have to watch this video, enjoy, relax the problem, subscribe and  You have to listen to the solution, you have to understand it, otherwise you are going to get pleasure, okay and everything is fine, she ca n't live with him, if someone is elderly and blames him, if the father-in-law works slowly, which he does a lot.  And they do it in such a terrible way that some of their own wives cannot sleep with them and that woman of theirs means it will affect them after waking up in the morning because you have not slept and then there will be a change only the next day and that room is not found separate.  because the son of the daughter-in-law  The affair has started by grinding and people don't want to run like this, but that too, the electricity bill of two, three, four thousand rupees is more, the husband is also running it, the wife is also running it, but this fat is for the elderly people.  Look, we only need two rooms. Nowadays, in every family, the fee that Kapil has gone to is not normal, 700 rupees, why are you able to snore the old man and let the wife watch some of her channels, the husband has to watch his own, this is everyone's own living.  Is there space or bathroom?  If you ca n't tolerate then this region becomes the third largest region when students have space pace issues, how can they take any ocean because they go to me because of the concentration of the house, it seems small because it seems small or to live with you. Now the program has been prepared, now the younger ones, today I will tell you what you have to do, you are feeling small, for this you should be younger in a husband, nothing is small for them, so in the coming time, we will focus on this in this way. Require more rooms and make this small in size Vikas Bhi thinking All rooms for couple point of view Your thinking A man said its ok to put the charge on his face Till then the room is looking fine He is not thinking because 117 to 27 years  It's a boy and a girl who is not getting married. He lives with you. She stays alone and sleeps in the room. She wants guava. If you have bought a bigger one then it seems like a waste to her. She, I, want privacy.  There are a lot of fancy suits because what will happen tomorrow when the child comes, the baby will come, the grandson will come, it is okay when someone stitches my Jyoti, Jyoti is also set up at your house, grandfather, grandson, granddaughter, this cricket girl's parents live mostly in North India.  In India, the song Chhotu Chhotu is just this much, but brother, its decision is too much, okay, more help, Chhota means one thing, the pitch will be there for 24 hours and subscribe this, home is stitching that these factors can be done today.  Days 50 to 60 65 This model is different This model is the one before 1978 Sixty 1956 model is antiseptic This model has a different system The work should be done quickly 10:00 Everything should be set Must conceive It wo n't look good  There are toys with the small child, he had to lie down, it is good that his parents are the ones who are just changing the small baby, Kabir, but now your house is such that things can break there. That things can get spoiled, you have bought expensive fennel, painting, this trick of breaking the child, he will drop it, he will do something and etc., things that hurt are normal, those who become new parents, they should keep their house clean.  He will keep his thing exactly in such a way that the child does not break his head anywhere, by spreading the broom comfortably, first it represents different space development, now it is used, this is the beginning of the fuss, it looks very cute.  The granddaughter seems very sweet to the grandparents and to the grandfather. She is clean and fragrant for a quarter of an hour during the day. She smells good. If you give her 45 minutes, he will feed her. It doesn't seem to be true for 24 hours. Guys, we need the truth because the child is at night.  He will cry at 1 o'clock, he will also play at 2.30 in the night, now his parents have a problem, he should wake up while sleeping in the morning, now grandparents should give him some sleep, you tell me, a child is being born and it is summer in winter time.  I still keep going like this, turn off your sleep, it is useful, but just imagine, the month of October to March is yours, granddaughter Aubrey is going, that child is okay, your sleep is disturbed, you are making an accurate judgement, marriage is a  There are adjustments between the couple, theirs is the same nifty, on top of that, you are also adjusting, this girl is also adjusting, that girl is also adjusting, she is also not happy, you too are nothing brother, the last of both is now one  And moving ahead to the vision, kinship is indicative of kinship: you live together, daughter-in-law, son and you together. So, those who are relatives of mother-in-law and father-in-law, those relatives have forced you to do so, that is your thing, these are the relatives of the daughter-in-law, her parents, her brothers.  -There are sisters who will now become relatives of the boy. You have to see what the boy's year is called brother in law i.e. brother-in-law, then he is called brother in law, now the brother of the boy's wife is closer to the boy or  The boy has mother's brother, mother is intoxicated by the people, mother and father's relatives are not important at all, okay, he wants Bigg Boss, okay, but now Shri Ram has come to the house, in 3BHK, will the girl's parents look for 123?  Can we live comfortably? You tell me, doesn't a girl have the right to spend 245 hours throughout the year depending on Teej-Festival Question Functions?  Hari-Illness Help Support Death Anniversary of any Situation 5 6 2 days Total 10 days in a year Do the girl's family members not have the right to live with her? Brothers and sisters, when they are with the boy for 365 days, then how will they live for 10 days? How will they live there?  Then what happens at the age of 24, when the girl comes to know that I am the first one to come, then will your relatives i.e. the blood relatives come, will she perform an aarti asking them to come and welcome her?  Won't you give us such a feeling, she also works with such a face, nowadays girls are fine, that too Rex, its coming, today we will have lunch in the mall, we will go at 11:00, so that these people keep roaming around with so many qualities.  If you want to be selected, then Suji serves it at home. Okay, this is also a big reason. Relatives become uncomfortable. You are together, you are a father-in-law, you are a parent, you are an elder, you subscribe.  It may be a daughter or a son-daughter combination. Naked girls keep coming and then they start becoming different, then you can add that too. On August 15, there is a system that can fulfill our needs. You have to see that of the next generation, which I have included in this.  The friend circle did not even talk about the fact that those who come and do liquor party, there is a system for the meeting held in their group and you all know what they can do, then you will burden everything, India's expenses are very high, friend, right.  There is not much that can be done in this, but as a man, how can some people come to their home and celebrate a child's birthday with this? Is it such an activity? Now if you invite someone for your activity, then you invite more of yours. There are too many utensils in the kitchen.  She is gone and you are everything now, it's your anniversary Meena, this is her birthday, 113th birthday too, this is a little one's birthday, you add beauty to this purse, you go to worship it, you take it to the cowshed, get money, that's it, this is like this  If your heart wants a child's birthday, then you will start posting there. I am also crazy about how to make one's own. This is their problem. Your director is losing all your money and your house doesn't seem to survive. If you don't give them the right to live, then why?  Because you have a real estate problem because you have expanded your house and I will not call you useless but that sailor guy who keeps his wife with his parents does it to save money but that brother  The master should know that his intention is to save money, he is digging a huge pit, which he will come to know later in life, he will think that he will get food cooked at home and vegetables will be brought to him, it will commit a great cost to your peace of mind.  The mind is remembered, it thinks that the child will get trapped, nothing will happen to me, I will do this in my job, my uncle and my wife will deal with it, now people will fry it many times, if you live alone, then I am the girl's father.  If he is alone, then call the girl's father also because he is alone, his time does not pass. After a month, the boy's mother Ajay has this logic of combination. You listen, what is the next reaction, which is better and the last five sujis should not stay together. Solution.  Also tell me, even if the video is long, you should watch it because the biggest thing in your life is to remove the troubles or do that thing of talking. How many web series do you watch? You guys can also definitely watch this, the fifth reason, food relationship, food, it is a home.  What three food items will be made in me? Break password dinner, two kinds of made by the incoming one, check breath, make secretary, the region is made, while if one drop is the second senior citizen of the party, now they will write luck, then they will keep it and even if Tinde runs away, the youngsters will be kept.  Tosham Rajma is also not eaten even if chickpeas are to be eaten. There is no preparation left, so how does it happen? So brother, who should celebrate the holidays, how many utensils are required to eat one person, but this is the same thing.  If you have to eat freshener at 6:00, you have prepared it in the kitchen and eat it at 6:00. Addition is that the person who is coming from work at 7-8 o'clock cannot come at 6:00, that kitchen will remain empty again, if it will not remain hidden then that picture.  The breath which should remain should remain clear from inside. He cannot know that he will come at seven or eight o'clock, he will eat all the sticks at o'clock, but he will come inside the thing, it is complete with the carotid. giving light  I am giving light to a daughter-in-law, I can give even a little to my father-in-law. Seeing all this, you cannot make any other arrangement and the biggest one, friends, the weakest link in the whole situation here is the boy who is taking his wife for granted.  I came to live with my parents. Write any story or solution. If you want to buy a new house, then buy two. Password, if you can't buy 22, then you will buy one and rent it. Okay, parents, make yours smaller and give more money to your child. Give the money and in that he will take a loan and say, Pushkar, it is true and one more important thing, what do we do, most of the people or in India say that if you get married, then I will take care of the expenses of the child, any wish of your coming out child.  It is not possible to have all the relatives in his marriage. This is the kinship of the child. I told you an example. Now, if a boy is not married to a girl, then the boy is not related to her. Yes, this is the world through which all yours and mine are no longer his, no.  Independence kinship is the accused, you understand that we were inquired about this and we will forget everything, we will spend 35 lakhs, 40 lakhs, 50 lakhs, hey brother, spend less, you had to spend 40 rupees in marriage, spend 10 rupees, give 30 rupees to that boy for protection, give it to the girl, even boys with girls.  Give them 60 lakhs, the limit will not go, they will take something worth one crore 1520, you keep them safe, took a loan of 20 lakhs, they wanted one last month.  There should be one house for every person separately and only with the parents, there should be a state for life and in that, if you follow the examples that I am telling you, that this cannot continue, then the five reasons that I have mentioned, this is very much.  There are big reasons, these five cannot be overcome, why should anyone eat zucchini vegetable because you eat it and why should you eat kidney beans, if you can take them out yourself, then why are you compromising and those who have breath 50 52 53 54 Till the age of 6570, a lot of service has to be done, daughter-in-law, even if it is Rocky and Express Station, there is a lot of need, parents come to take their children for practice, they hit 70, talk till 70, when their good tractor starts malfunctioning and  Rest of the things are needed only then, there is no obscene need before that, when there is a need, we keep it together and do it with great effort, then it is needed, then it is of no use or it will keep on making its own meaning, water well, water way, then that 15  For the whole 18 years, people like this kept looking at the beat hanging on the other group, what is the meaning of that, only I don't know united, I have not heard this my Haryanvi song, listen to DK Hum Havi Gujarat me kam badhao butt me so called sadhu exam, what happens in the butt, then related.  New types of Ireland Number typing is such a big compulsion It's okay from the side Roadways Writing something is that So we are looking at each other Husband and wife need separate rooms 70 of you have turned 65 years old and you tell June, look at the camera, I have been in theirs but want separate bathrooms, the wife wants separate ones, one man on the bed at night, four tigers and the man snores, this one that this  The year requires fruit and out of that, if you like 60-70 of them, you would kill them, that means nothing can happen with them and any woman who sleeps with them, they will add such poison to your life that they will not let you live the next day because no man can sleep at night.  Yes, and every night it is the same program, now she has left her husband at home, this karate of ours can go to Mangal's room and in winters, what is peace, the doors are closed a lot in winters, we still listen to them, but this is our summer.  If I am going on like this, then by closing the door, you also reduce it a little, but sir, I cannot sleep but the generator is running, tomorrow I can think of the cords next to the center, in your work, by doing a lot of this, he will walk.  So this is for practice  In the morning, mother-in-law and father-in-law need two rooms because I talk about middle class audience, even if you say this, you have worked all your life, earned money, do n't know what all you have done in your life, one room is okay, a little slow, you need this much earning. Family Property Commercial Hello There Commercial Uttam Sister Take Your Room Someone You Mukesh Ambani Also Become Happy Bald No Man Can Have More Than One Room At One Time There Must Be One Room This Must Be Must Be Brothers  Sisters, please tell me if I called you correctly and gave you tips, if not then you tell us, we are in multiple passes, wear and tear, all due to kill, all around me, my daughter will also come, my son, we will clean, we are together, is this the sun rising or not a movie? Life gets enhanced by the movie Hum Aapke Koun, there was no breath in that also, remember Hum Aapke Hain Koun was a very hit movie, the partner in it was Alok Nath ji and that movie was America's Madhuri Renu Question hai Jo Salman Khan Don't know old women  I must watch it, okay three-three-four-four times, there was no Shastri in it, but in life, the breath of wishing like this disappears, then we are yours, we are together, we make you laugh, we are your Buddhists, it works like that. Okay, so ice cream stick, you guys did not hurt anyone, I pressed the commission okay, till the latest video for rent in, I am saying this brother, don't do this in such a life, you have to register, get out of the house at the time of the car, the car.  walked  You are adjusting, you go out here where I fall here, there is water here, I will go like that, you are insulting life, adjust marriage, you know till then keep another Kapil after that, whether it is son, mother-in-law, father-in-law, edit that too.  They are adjusting among themselves, do it with you too, if people adjust to this channel, then I am all for a day, brother, if you have taken a lot, then take that bread, look at yours, brother, take 2BHK, around 4 BHK have become there, still Wanted a 3BHK instead of writing, well then I hopped, you guys understood the drive, how did you like it, please share it with people and if you feel bad then write 30 in the comment section, if you feel bad then I will feel yes in action.  I felt that I feel bad about my words, very few people feel that there is a personality trait in it, very few people feel that it is okay because they know and this old one might be watching the video for the first time and it may seem old to him that he has seen.  ok then thank you very much