Hello friends, five things where the middle class needs to spend this Diwali, Punch on such things where you should not spend money, it is time to spend money, many people will spend money on many things, I will not call it investment much, I will tell about the expenditure.  I will tell you how much you are ready to pay, how much you have paid, how much you have paid, where you want to spend your money, I did not take the rich class because  Probably they have already been bought, even the entire upper class is not talking because the budget will not suit them, then for the middle class, punch cheese is the first thing to buy for the grandiose.  Why do I have to buy all this stuff and what are the benefits? I will also tell you that you have to buy a chimney which is on top of the gas. It is worth taking obeisance because the kind of food we cook has a lot of grease and all that. goes to the kitchen  The exhaust fan gets stuck. Right now, when you are watching this video, go to your kitchen. If you are at home and are not looking at home, if you are looking outside, then go to your home and see how is the condition of your kitchen. Paint gets spoiled, everyone would have done it every year. How many need to be done? Look at the condition of the fans. When I am looking at the things in your house, I look at people for consultation. I do this. This is the biggest issue. that art is  Whatever suit is available, I will not go everywhere at all, I will go practical, it is good for health, it is good for hygiene, it is good for cleanliness, do not buy the good one, buy the noiseless one, what have people mostly done, what have you heard about chimaniyon, women? Hey, they make a lot of noise, so in the process of making noise, the sound of an exhaust fan comes, they also make a lot, so they say, man, we don't do that only, now the latest one is going silent, simply.  I am not taking names of ghosts, I will not do affiliate marketing, I am here brother, I have given the link here, it is not an affair, okay, do your own hard work, who will tell anyone, okay, a good chimney is coming, I will definitely tell my people this much.  It costs 27 to 30000 rupees. A very good chimney will be available for 27 to 30 thousand rupees, so this is the first thing you have to buy. The second thing you have to buy again inside the kitchen can be all household items.  Don't take it but keep this punch in your mind that I am telling you on Diwali, take it in November, December or January when you have money but you will have to make a commitment. Another important thing perhaps is that you need dish wash because you are eating soap. It doesn't wash well and it doesn't look good. It does n't work any less than it looks. Many people are eating soap and it is having health effects. There are a lot of chemicals in it. The way it quickly spreads to millions of people in Gurgaon.  It is said that the Kothi is in such a hurry these days, brother, it is not happening much, yet its system is not so hygienic, now if you call the maid, then you can pay Rs 2000 whatever from the litter of her utensils.  The money you are giving will also have to be put in the dishwasher, it will not save money because it has to go there, it will dry and then it will have to come down, all the system will be fine but brother, the whole system will run with the steam and water inside it, that machine will last for 2 hours.  It costs 35-40 thousand rupees. Do research on any brand. Again, I am doing affiliate marketing. This video is not there, if you give that link also then it becomes a big money earner. Some people understand it, some people do not take it.  The writing team is fine, I am very satisfied with the rest, I have come here just to give you the knowledge that brother, you have to take this and you will eat in those utensils, let me tell you the worst thing in the kitchen, if you  we will go to ours, right?  And most of all, what I will make now on this thing is that most of the ladies become very fan because men do not enter inside. Tell the ladies today who is this man who knows all these things. Okay, let's check according to the thing.  There is knowledge, there is a sieve in which the tea spoon is slapped, Hari, go to this movement of yours, I am telling the leaves in your kitchen, the wives already know, okay, how are you, look at your sieve brother, you will not drink tea, write now I  I am going to write in the comment section that I went, my chhadni was looking very good, it does not come in the dish wash, it does not come like a cheat, it will become like that, a lot of particles stick to it, my brother, do it with me by doing like this.  It goes like this and then we are drinking tea in the same. Drink tea in the same. This is poison which is going into our body. You are going to spend a lot of money. To show the world in Diwali, I am telling you the thing which is harmful to the body and  to the soul Will give happiness to your body and soul because money is called the gem, not by happiness, many people say, I say everything is related, I am telling you now you will buy a dishwasher and then you have to see how it does not come completely fresh, its soul gets dusted.  The soul of the vessel will be dusted. Yes, in a very big pan, there will be someone writing in it. It does not say that 90% 95% of the utensils that you use in it will dust. Such a big pan in which you can taste mine to 50 people.  Should I make halwa, not that one, it is okay to make her cry with me. Never make butter. Any best enemy and collect that thing. If that thing is happening, then you have to buy this dishwasher. Those who have a utility balcony, they will keep it. Modification is okay for those who don't have one too. Someone like this would come in place.  No problem, if the kitchen is a bit big then it is kept in the corner. Third thing, I will tell you the link in this. Right now the cleaning is going on. Painting is being done outside the house. The gate is being painted. Let me tell you one place where I can find a good thing from India. Which is in a very dirty condition and you have to go and check the one in your kitchen that washes the utensils, open the door of the scene below it and see, tell me how it is, if there is no smell coming from there, it is completely clean and dry and  It's a good date, let it happen, this is what people say, this is not happening in life, brother, Guru ji, tell me, fix it, I say fix it, how is your gym, it is in a bad condition, you too will be in a bad condition, okay, I will repeat this thing again and again.  and I thing  I am telling you that I will stop at this to buy. Coming to the third thing, you have to keep the temperature and weather control of your house as much as you can. Now everyone has installed it like this. Now winter is coming. Okay, winter is not so much in November but in December and January spine.  It can also cause pain when it comes to a good one, it is a good one, you can buy an oil heater, it is fine, it is from a very good company, the very good ones come in the price of eight to ₹ 10,000 and if you follow all the things I am telling, all these people also.  so that means a lot  There is no expense, that is, it will be settled below lakhs of rupees. What I told you means a chimney of Rs. 25000, a dish wash of Rs. 25000 and an oil heater of Rs. 60000. Even if you buy two, it is Rs. 1888, which means it is not a huge expense. The family can buy all, if not, then half.  Buy some, you probably already have it with you. Okay, so buying this oil heater reduces irritability. What happens to you, there comes a time when winter comes and he does n't understand.  That bedsheet which is in the middle of the pillow, whether it is raw, dry, wet or cold, then I don't understand what is going on when you say that what is an oil heater, it does not produce fumes, it does not cause headache, it does not even cut off the oxygen too much, it is fine.  If you have it, then even your hands do not get burnt, that is, it is a very good thing, so when you do it, you will not feel any heat, neither will the warmth of your body keep you in efficiency, nor will it matter before taking bath. Even if you put a raw vest on it for 30 seconds and wear it, you people will get very good warmth, otherwise, after studying the same class, you will not understand what it is like to wear something cold and wear a kilt, you will get SSC with all your heart.  You come from the bathroom after taking a bath with hot water and then it takes a breath of life to wear those clothes. Okay, so brother, control your temperature as much as you want. Now let one room be such that you have kept it well heated, it may not be all hot. Water will cost more, okay, so a room has also been made like this, it is fun there, sit with the family and enjoy it, so this was my point of the third one, you can also do this, the fourth thing that I want, now it depends on you guys. Does it on Shraddha also? How much money and how much knowledge? And I would like to make a video on this. Platinum members may watch it. I have made it but I will tell you. If you people are interested in art, buy 8 real 8 Indian arts with this money.  Don't buy Chinese items. Do n't buy Chinese every time on Diwali. It becomes a fight. Don't buy. Do this. We buy such small useless things. All the channels are also Chinese. There is no reason to buy Chinese either. Come on, you are the enemy.  The one with that feeling, that is the right feeling, I also agree, don't buy theirs, if you don't want to buy then boycott boy, but there is something in me, it is also a cot, brother, it is not good, laughing at him is useless. Do not buy artificial flowers, buy real flowers, they will not work nearby, they are expensive, new ones will last for 200-300 rupees, but after that, buy them every day, they last for 5 days, after that, pluck its leaves and apply its juice on your body.  I am going to give some kind of practical tips. Okay, Rahul has collected all the plastic stuff and kept it from China. These are some small things, now they will go on Diwali. I see people buying small things.  We will take a lot of things and all that kind of rubbish, buy a good, clean, fine Indian art, it is also valuable and I will tell you how valuable it is, what is the benefit, how to buy it, what are the eight values, there are more, I do anything.  Gradually, if your subscriptions are increasing, then you will have to tell a little about your other talents too. I will not limit myself, whatever I am doing, I will tell you because of this Diwali.  I promise income after Diwali, where will there be more things in this channel? Okay, so the search is still there, subscribers are also joining, you guys are giving a lot of good comments and a lot of minerals, this is the fourth thing that I am making an application to give to you guys.  I told you that do not buy this cheap stuff, useless stuff, it is not necessary to have an alternative in the house, I told you that 8 paintings are of a good gold, it can be a better thing than a necklace, which can be because you can also see it, you have seen me.  You might have seen some of my videos and then you will see the paintings again. If you have seen it, then because of the painting I will be teaching something about it. Well, the value increases in the paintings. You get to see them every day. What other servants are there lying in the gold, you can't see them every day. Nowadays, if you all feel like this even while going out wearing it, then the valuation of gold increases according to gold, but painting has to increase. Today, India will become a rich country in the next 20-30 years.  Those who increase the valuation of everything and create it will disappear, if they are already done then I will teach you well samjhaunga ok last important thing is you should not spend money, you do not tell while spending it is ok and you have to do it this Diwali means Diwali Generally, what you have to do now is to learn something new in your life, what to learn, I have got a job, how am I, I am a housewife, learning means doing a course and getting a stamp on it.  You have to get a job after getting a diploma degree, that is already happening, if you don't do that then you are not learning anything, do n't you become an interesting person, don't you do decision making, do n't you arrange for children on your own, don't you advise your sales. Don't give advice to your sister-in-law. When brother-in-law gives advice to your sister-in-law, there is neither the pleasure nor the intelligence of it. When your wife's family members ask you about things, there is no peace in life that a man gets.  Do you get any dialogue, all the digging, on one side Joru's brother, on the other side she could also be Joru's sister, we won't put her in gender and why all those things are created, but do you want to be an intelligent brother-in-law or maternal uncle or uncle?  This uncle ji, you uncle ji, because if all these relationships were ours, then brother, you will have to invest in learning something new. Towards this, you can take platinum membership or see my free ones, the minarets or the tree ones.  You can take it, but if you have any four things - a person who understands knowledge, who actually works in life and does good to others, then only you will become an interesting person. You said, what are the flags and mattresses in life? There is no point in nobody's interest rate. No, who are you? Well, what is there in our India? This former's concert goes on very far. MLA bhoothur sarpanch, former sarpanch's friend, former country. Keep roaming around asking so many people, invest today, there is middle class, upper and lower, all the people are connected, I was telling you people because those who are rich, I see them always upgrading, learning things, I always see it ok. This whole thing is middle class, which is very much in the comfort zone and they feel that what to do, they do n't have any certificate or job or want to learn according to that, which means it's okay, so many people cook.  You have got the certificate, if the food is good then it makes it good, your maid comes, she has done a house pin course somewhere, you see the certificate, you mean, there are many skills like this, she comes, it means she comes for herself, if you learn something then it will do you good.  It will do good to your family and the fee for learning all this was just Rs 100, it is not true that someone is making you do a course worth lakhs, it is not true that it is Rs 200, 400, 500.  1000-2000, there are many cases up to this limit, so whatever thing you can learn from, please learn as per your interest, I also do some of these things, if four-five-six are interesting, then you want to learn that too.  Real Estate Courses on Astrology Courses and Happiness Course will come soon. I am first telling your subscribers who will be interested in the Happiness Course in the comment section below.  Pay for happiness, okay, happiness is probably better than anyone till date, so I am making a happiness course, okay and happiness course, you will also do the same, okay, and it is not so easy to see a ball like this in a camera like this. You people say happiness, you will get the vision of such happiness, what all has to be done for it, people are searching outside, you have to search within, okay then it will be the course which you people are interested in, join, there will be live classes as well as recording classes.  There will be fun and in life, as I say, there should be fun in everything, every day of life should be such that whatever you do, you should enjoy it. If you don't enjoy this, then it is a compulsion. Okay, so like and share the channel.  Punch, what all are you going to do? Five or three, four punches or two and four or one more punch. Whichever you understand better. Okay, then I will think how to put it. I mean people will tell here, buy this one and that one. Buy Diwali, see the kitchen, see the exhaust fan.  Look, see the utensils under the kitchen, see if those utensils are dirty, go and see if everything is fine, then please fix these four things, then there is a lot of gap in the kitchen, I am such a hit in your life, please see closed.  I will tell you more details in the Happiness Course. Half of the troubles of your life are in your kitchen. I am giving a hint. I am fine. Whatever is happening now in your office or is happening anywhere as per your wish, more than half of the troubles are in your kitchen and that is us.  will learn  Thank you very much for your happiness course