Hello friends, five things which D school should teach D kids are very important, parents, they need you to discuss this owner WhatsApp group, they need you take up with D school, Moti is paying fees, Moti fish should be done in government schools also, but in private, we will implement it quickly.  Can discuss, I am bringing five important things which are very important, I will tell you one by one, which of the five do you agree with?  The first thing to tell is sex education, sex education 20 30 40 50 years ago, like you told me about caste, brother, listen to that, tell me about reproductive organs, even the teacher in 8th class biology is not in the teacher's control.  Do n't tell him success education, now his time has passed, masturbation of a small thing is fine, man is not going to give knowledge, proper sexologist and Tell that in a good manner, so date children know about their body, they know about think, there is a cut off ahead, there is power that after this class, they have to be given exposure like this, 8th class, ninth class, 10th, 11th, 12th, by doing this like this, but from  D Right People, I am just telling you this example on the topic of masturbation, if you want it yourself because the public is listening then I will give you clarity on youth.  I will also make another detailed video on that in my channel. If you want it from me, please write in the comment section. Sex education is extremely important. The beginning of the menstrual cycle of those girls, the change in their body is fine, it is  It is still being seen through the eyes of the children and the children are sharing some knowledge among each other, they are not telling the parents, they are shy, there should be no discussion, it is very important to know inside the houses.  This should be explained properly in the formal setting of the school and a serious professional should come and explain it. Teachers are capable of imparting sex education. Late date sex education is less than D sexual of which brother is his master doctor where you can see if he has issues later in life.  So you know that this is Doctor Saheb, this disease can be detected early because date bill will be most authentic, rest everyone can do something by doing their own thing, this was the first thing and second. Things I want: Cooking will be taught in school today. Everything is there. If you want to learn, you have power. Nothing is being taught at home. Boys should also have one period and girls should have two periods. Saree class should be able to cut fruits. Hands should be fine in 8th or 10th.  -It's okay, these poor children are on the boxes and these Chotu and these are cuties, I am not asking them to do child labor from morning to evening, I am asking them to learn skills, everyone has their own.  You should know how to peel mangoes, you should know how to cut onions, you should know how to cut tomatoes, brothers and sisters, everyone should know that you will bring tomatoes, today this vegetable will be made, today potato and pea vegetable will be made, this is how the goon gets the proper skills, then after that he should get baking skills which  After every 8th, when the child turns 8th and after 9th, when the children are above 12, 13, 14 years, this tax year is very important because today the biggest reason for unhappiness is poor health.  This is because the children have not learned how to cook, no one has taught them, whatever is learned, they do it very easily, whatever the children learn, they are busy with a mobile phone all day by pressing the buttons of the computer, no, whatever comes, comes.  It's true that once you learn to drive, you have learned it. Once again you do n't have to be dependent. Marriages break because you don't know how to cook. There are girls, boys know zero and girls know so much that they don't get food within two hours. The man says that  Friend, she could do this with peas because if you order on the metro, she will deliver the food quickly at home. Instead of the girls of today, the old ones are fine and the revision told them, son, study something to change, you definitely don't need to learn this.  If there is a need to learn then it is very important. Cooking skill according to me should be in 9, 10, 11 and 12th and unless you give marks to all these things like sex education and cooking skills.  You will also study, there will be a paper so that you can go to the lake, brother, I have 68 out of 100 in cooking in my army board, show it to the wedding tomorrow, then when the weddings take place, I will bring this unique history, I have to send this video to you, all these are on Dharma Param.  Those things which keep sending good morning messages in the morning and protect them, do this, apart from this, these can also be less, do a little bit of these also, it would be good because no one is making this video nor is anyone giving the idea.  Brother, you ask this, how many marks did you get in 10th, how many marks did you get in 12th, it will be the number of cooking skill in 12th, you will have to make a dish and your practical exam will be theory also, there is power in it brother, you will come to know. Sister-in-law, did the girl's family and or the boy's family also have skills till 12th? At least you will know the orientation. Is there any such 19 out of 100?  If he sits in the lake then he must have learned a basic defending on Where are you in India and what kind of food is there? A basic thing: Making roti comes from his ass, he knows how to knead roti, making a dal, tempering a dal, cutting salad, raita in curd.  You have to make a basic thing and what is your problem with it. What kind of idea did you like? First tell me, sex education is done. Cooking skill will be the third thing. Communication skill is the only thing that we debate about. Then  This is how our debate happens brother, this note comes from communications, confidence comes from you, parents, who are listening to me, no one has heard you till date, 500 people, 1%, in some such situations, you will have to bribe, you will have to speak, you will never get this stage communication, you have  B one one communication, everyone has to do that. D debate on who I am. Dowry is a very bad thing. This is how [music] is going on. How come you find things interesting.  Have to maintain it, the next person is interested, his value addition is visible to him, he is interested, tells other things everywhere, talks about communication skills, good national, do n't know how much the world has been fooled, oh brother, if I become a good listener, then I will help you.  How to tell a good listener but communication skills because of the other person feels happy. What does this mean? I am fine, I have become a good listener, I listened to everything he said and he was very happy.  It's done and this is my big communication skill which is good, it's not like I will give you the number, then you shared the knowledge with me, I shared the knowledge with you, before anything you said, very nice, very intelligent, very attentive listening, attentive listening and then  You are my subordinate or I am the principal or I am a professor or something else I will give you the number. This communication is being listened to by one and he is not talking at all because he said good listener.  Someone has told you this good lister so that you listen to everyone, everyone can influence you and see, I am such an influencer today and a cricketer, I am only telling the inside story, no one has told you all these things, now everyone will tell this good lister because he is a good listener.  If you go, you will not ask questions, you will not engage in arguments, your confidence level will not increase, everything that will be told to you will either be bought by your mother or people will do that and you will be in control.  The best way is to be a good listener, God has given us only one mouth and two ears, which means we need to listen more and rest of the brothers and sisters, take out whatever you hear, do it as much as possible and put it on here, what less is everyone's saree.  Vomiting is teaching communication skills that I would teach these things to parents if you can want you to learn and let you teach them to your kids because of school if you don't want to but I am six that you so  Motif you pay fees to the school and when you go to the parent teacher meeting or you connect with the teachers, you connect with the school, there are organizations of parents, nowadays WhatsApp groups are formed for parents, so brother, whatever I am telling you, do it or say whatever you want.  C ho d kids are performing, I am not interested in such debates, they give a line to each child, they come and something happens, everyone says something to him and he goes and stands on the stage. 150 children are standing there singing, they are experiencing great personal development, nothing is happening, your child is not going to get the stage, first prepare for a date on us, if we meet later, then we pick him up and put him on the stage in the annual meet.  Hey brother sir, the artist has come, I mean, you understand how I am doing this, let's move ahead, the fourth point, the fifth one is also very important, the fourth point should be learned in the social media on WhatsApp.  They are on Facebook, they know how to use Insta, they waste time, you have to learn in school, children have to learn to be consumers, consuming social media can also turn them into creators, one thing should be understood in a formal way, the second thing is this.  It should be understood that artificial intelligence is also dangerous. Social media is also dangerous. A child 's story has become a video studio, so telling him about something is a very normal thing. You should note, fool, yes, what is he doing? Because children have been bribed with Idli in all their grandchildren, so we have to make them understand that you should not do this wrong thing, do not do this with mobile phones in 14 15 16 18 years because once the video of the person was made, he would delete the story and then he would do something.  If you want to tell me about this thing, then first of all, look at the record button, don't try to impress me, don't keep acting like this, but brother.  It happened in childhood, even adults indulge in stupidity, that's why all this is going on [music] on such a wrong website, then tell him also, if this has happened, what is called yours is called a scandal, then brother, enjoy, say, say.  It's done, sorry, it's so much, it's not necessary to flower from inside, it's done, now they will say [music] It's not necessary to do Idli, but give them strength, another vice, then something  If children do wrong things, then this should come from the school that brother, don't do this, you should not do this, you should garden against it, like we say that one should not have an accident, one should drive the car properly, one should wear seat belt, one should drive slowly where one should drive slowly.  The rules should be followed, the brake should come, the clutch should be pressed, when, where, what to do, but brother, if an accident happens and life is lost, then now he has met with an accident, the car broke down on him.  It will cost 20-50 thousand rupees, but he did not give life to it, caste date, message it to parents and school, and if it has to be learned then do n't do it now that you do n't know if you go into depression, you will make fun of someone who has an accident. Ladies driver, who did it? What happened? Ladies driver, if that man interrupts, then no one is more insulted because the man may be under stress. Poor lady, may something happen from the story. Ladies driver, this.  Everyone has to learn this from the children and tell them that brother, this is a society, all these things have to be paid for and if you cannot run away from the consequences, you do not have that much strength, then why are you taking interest in doing stupid things, Idli, then you have to tell first, don't do it.  But what is this? They are children, they will do the acts unknowingly, they will do it knowingly, they will do it under peer pressure, or they were not doing it, or they were doing it in privacy, and if someone comes and does it, then what can he do now?  I mean, in a picture like this, if you remember the scene one in it, a boy and a girl had gone to the camp, just thought, she changed her clothes, that donkey had made a video of it, then vice city would have been light in black, take an example and tell me.  I am of you help changing it can happen anywhere and today artificial intelligence has become less like this, brother, anything can be done to anyone anyway, so be aware of this thing, okay brother, I was changing clothes.  The video was made, then what happened to it, it keeps roaming in the middle of the country in an instant, the public keeps roaming like that in the middle of the country, so what happened to them, you have to understand this thing in an easy way and tell it to your children because someone made the video, then ask you my. What is his mistake? What is your mistake? Come, first of all tell your father, first of all tell your mother that my brother-in-law is an idiot and it can happen. I am not saying that there is nothing wrong with boys.  It happens with boys also, something can happen with boys too, someone else can do it, another boy can do it, someone older can do it, so the first thing is to tell you that if there is any story inside the school, something is going wrong.  Have to be out tomorrow, children are being suppressed too much, controlled too much and this thing is not being told, less thing is not being told, no one is telling the fifth most important thing, it is your geography project, every teacher has to tell it.  of what I am teaching  If there is any monetization of it in real life or not, then he said, read it with pleasure, if not tell me, Shakti, the teacher himself, do not tell Shakti, ask the Geography teacher, I am going, Madam, you are teaching this Paris, you are teaching that, you are studying Argentina.  Are you teaching there? What is the benefit of this? It is asked in the paper that they are talking. It is asked for the exam, but I don't have to give the exam, so why should you study? How to monetize, I will know a lot, children will know first, what has money and what has same, then they will not teach anything like this, brother, let them decide, how much to study and how much is there in which thing, the questions are of profit discount.  The question is for girls, for boys, simple interest, compound interest is very important, it is important in everything in life, how to tighten it, what is the benefit of Tita Sun Tita, Akbar's elder.  I have read everything but Akbar killed in 1605 by using loose motion. Now it has become an interesting fact. Don't know what is there, it is not necessary to write in history. You should know that even kings used to die due to dysentery. At times, even Maharajas, Shahenshah, Azim, O Shaan, Shahenshah.  Diet because of loose motions history: What is the use of your subject in real life? If you have fed yourself and fed someone else, if you have wife insurance then your husband has to pay.  One should not know how to cook food or from outside because this semolina tomato system will also end someday because it will become so expensive, money is not working so much, now this is the new generation which is yours, now Jain has become Alpha, Jain was born after 2010. Even to talk about S, we will have to band together. Channel Alpha is in seventh and class. No, from where in Ujjain do they have the ability to earn so much money that they will order so much food at the press of a button. Eating outside every day is not good and is very expensive.  So, how did you guys like these five things? Please share, I really want to share this video. Whoever has liked this video so far, please like one. If you like it, then it will be promoted on YouTube. It is okay to write on the comment area also and whats  Tops you from having a smile on your face friend, you will not be able to find out, you will not be able to talk, these things are very good but if you have discussed suicide then start it friend, absolutely friend, this thing is absolutely right.  So it should definitely be there, sex education will have to be done in school, they will have to be heard, they have to go to school by bus, after that the world will come, they will be given anything to awaken their conscious conscience, they will be given anything, this is happiness, leave it dirty, less.  Who is this, is it okay to watch porn? Someone, same, should this be told in unstructured manner, same note from the sexologist's mouth, why are you ashamed because and then when other people say, they would have made them dirty flowers, would n't they? Sex  If sex is dirty then how can it be dirty then how were we born and how will this 800 crore world be born, meaning is it like the one who does not eat in the serial went to eat and said Namaste like this, a child was born, do you know what I am discussing?  I am not born like this, so why tell me when it is not there, it is the lack of knowledge, it is a dirty situation, it is the big problem, it is not being discussed properly and it is a big problem in India.  This is the reason for the frustration of many people in job, in life and in everything because your performance will happen only when there is coaching, someone will explain to you about something, tell you what is right and what is wrong, how can this thing happen, son, through his hiten trial.  So you have to learn yourself through hits and trials, no one talks like this, we are cultured people, we are cultured people, there is no learning here in Khajuraho, then who has taught Kama Sutra, where is it written, which country?  It is written in which year, when and what has been written, what has been told, this country has written and explained, sir, where all the things come from, which energy cycles are there, what is the basic flow cycle, how is the system, what should be done?  No, because everything should be made free by taking small knowledge, make it all there, then there should not be anything there, there should be no dance of anything, how many nerves can be there, where can it be, when and when can something happen, tell me clearly, everything is black and white.  I don't care, nothing, keep going here  It is okay in the larger part of the movement body that the Indian Institute discusses these parents were school d in the society, the rest of the discussion will be done, those who do it, our life is being affected, brother, here we are saying that make the school good, many people have made the school good.  They say, don't you know that you have fixed the third toilet? You do n't know anything about cleanliness. An 18 year old kid who has completed 12th is not worthy of earning ₹2. He doesn't even know what I have studied. What can I do with it in college?  Magic will happen that in 3 years you will be able to study a lot, even then it will not happen, then someone will say, come now after post graduation, now come for coaching, then they will come again and say, and if nothing else happens, then only experience will be there, ok.  There are many people who say that if nothing else will work then keep practicing, I have been preparing and tasting UPSC for 32 years, I was a 3 year old but Apple was Shikha, now even a 32 year old is learning.  Haldighati took place on 20th June 1576. Between Maharana Pratap and Sa, this story won everything. Till date, even in the history, you do not know who won in Haldighati. Everyone has their own claim. Everyone has their own version. It is okay, but in the exam.  Will come then what happened then, that learning public is sitting but started from 3 years by doing Apple, studied for 32 years, only learning is happening for 29 years and no work.  You have been reading this for 29 years. You don't know how to make your own dal, roti or rice. The government still gives it for two-three- four-five rupees. It should not be so expensive. You should know how to make it. If you don't know how to make it, Zomato, I hope you get the essence of the essence. Please share.  I have to speak with a little force, it's ok to be passionate at times, you have to repeat it a few times with a lot of force, but push me friend, push me, discuss it, the school will implement it because if.  If the parents would like and such a high fee is being charged, then it is not necessary that these unnecessary things which are being done can be reduced and these things can also be included like 'Can't you have one period and 2 periods of diseases'.  They get list on things, there is a school of five-six days, you have 40 one period and in the 40 trees, why can't these five periods be adjusted by doing these things as I told. You can't do it but you will see a real difference happening in your child. There is a lot more history that should be taught. If you want, I can tell you more and schools can conduct workshops where all this Discuss things, I have the power, I also do those workshops, okay, and got this done in school, yes, because in school, teachers also have to learn a lot, brother, teachers, we have thought of such a band, I don't know, teachers know everything. Brother, he knows every chapter of his subject, nothing else, if he knew so much then he would be very happy there right now, teacher, okay, I know everything and he is making a lot of money, is n't he as good as the teacher? Neither am I putting him down, nor am I pointing at the teacher, but I am also not telling him that brother, I am sitting here, he is the one who knows Math, the one from Math has learned Math, the one from Science has learned Science, the one from Physics. get the application midway  It is divided like in government schools, brother, give education there, how is it divided, involve them also, don't involve the children of second, third and fourth, but the children of ninth, tenth and eleventh can be involved. How is the food distributed?  I am telling the government that in a private school it can be made like a private setting, clothes can be made in a nice way, and when these children go home and help their mother in making things, then how much the parents will also like the school.  I don't know, those who don't learn idli at home can learn it at home, but in school, children look at each other, I have to learn, there is a feeling of competition, a little feeling comes that I made butter from it and cheese in it quickly.  Sakhi is a caste and then you also analyze things according to numbers, yours is 83, yours is 63, yours is 53. All this knowledge of things is not measured by numbers, it is like that measurement.  If we talk about subject etc. then if that thing will not count then it should be done now itself because here all the eight skills of the child will be taken out after 12th class and then he will feel right to go in the line if his Performance of 8th class, 10th class, 11th class, 12th class, story in these ways, if one is good in something, if the understanding is good, then he can go in the direction of this thing. I hope you guys will share the video with everyone.  thank you very match