Hello friends, I will cover five things which the middle class needs to buy this Diwali one by one. I will also tell you the logic of buying them. It is possible that you have already bought some of them and you can buy some even if you have not bought all the five which I will tell you.  So their cost is less than the one that comes with it. If you have to buy all of them combined, then let's start this Diwali. The first thing that the middle class should buy if you do not have it.  The benefits of buying a chimney for your kitchen are that there is pollution inside the house as well. Whatever is there outside, there is pollution inside the kitchen as well. Now when you watch this video, after this you have to check two things immediately.  To buy this, see the condition of the kitchen exhaust fan. What is its condition? See the condition of the kitchen exhaust fan. It starts dripping oil. Cleaning it is not only difficult but it becomes possible. Silent chimney.  They come in good quality brand names, I am not promoting them but you can do your research and buy the 90 cm one. I will definitely tell you, don't buy the 60 cm one. The 90 cm one is completely proper. Its suction cross is good. The main thing is suction. You have to clean the house a lot during Diwali, but you may have cleaned the exhaust fan with difficulty, but right now you are doing this.  At a moment, go to your fridge, put some tools on the fridge and stand on top and check the roof of the fridge, which is on the top, and whoever checked it and found it to be very dirty, tell me, the fans are bad, due to this, a lot of dust gets accumulated on it.  It looks sticky, like painting the wall above your kitchen, it is done quickly and in Indian cooking, oil starts getting stuck after frying the parotta, so it is a very good investment. Chimney is very good in cleaning the house and it is  Nowadays, it is so easy to wash the ones, whenever you take out a particular one after 10-15 days and put it under hot water, it is very easy, so the first recommendation and reasoning I told you is that it is number one is to buy a chimney, the second thing is that I told you first.  I had also told this but I will still tell you in short, if you have not bought it then many times people write about the dishwasher before buying it, what is the use, it takes full effort to keep it in, then take it out and that's it.  Keep it, keep it like this, it is said that the dish washer is not a replacement of the maid with utensils. If the maid with utensils will take you Rs. 000, she takes the responsibility of washing the utensils. I am telling this as an example in a family of four people, from city to city and from place to place.  She might also be paying rate, but suppose she charges Rs 2000, she charges Rs 00, then if you install a dishwasher, she will still charge the same amount, but only she will install it. And it will also be fun. It will be fun because it has to be applied and then removed later or you can do the work of removing it. Utensils used in Indian cooking these days come in today's dish washers and some  Those who don't come one, two, three or four, the big ones can wash the maid and go, but in any case, everyday cooking is not like that, steam is used very well, many people tell the theory in that too, not about the washer, but someone made a video.  Is it related to any chemical?  Brother, there is nothing left in the maid who washes the utensils quickly, after doing the next crore crore crores, they say quickly, they are eating so much soap, you people don't know what is happening after going into the intestines, all the soap is in the dish washer.  Things are cleaned well. It is a process of one and a half to two and a half hours. No, it will require electricity and then there will be expenses. Yes, to be happy in life and to save health, expenses have to be made, otherwise it will go to another stage.  Doctor Come pay money to the dishwasher, I had also made a video last time, there is a lot of positive feedback, you have to take it, how much benefit it will be for the eclipse, the chimney is also beneficial for them, the duodenum will not remain irritable, so will the man and the whole family.  It is not that I am telling only about female centric things, the second thing that you have to buy this time is a dishwasher. Coming to the third thing, it is a very good air purifier if you are living in a big city. Or is there complete pollution even in small cities? If stubble is burnt, there will be no less pollution in Jind, there will be no less pollution in Rohtak, there will be no reduction in Fatehabad, in Hisar, farmers have burnt it, no farmer has come to Gurgaon, no one is burning the crop, no one is burning the crop inside Delhi. But all that smoke comes, the reports are more here because the meters to measure QI are installed here and on top of that this is a rich place, so if it feels good to say something like this here then it is not so. That there is no need of air purifier, there is a need of abusing that this is not right, no, that is fine, that is, we will keep giving it, brother, the government should do something, pollution stubble fine, all this will keep going on, but brother, install an air purifier sometime.  Some of you have ever been to five star hotels, it is okay in life, you have been to good ones, you do n't go to their lobby, this is how oxygen comes, brother, believe me, it is not only yours, he will become a QI from Switzerland, he comes at 30. No, you are talking about expensive work, where should this poor man go? Videos are not being made for the poor, but these days even the poor man is roaming around in E-Pay Housing, Bajaj Housing Finance, this is their ME, with phones worth Rs. 1 lakh.  Many people are roaming around, I am saying this, stop buying these phones right now, switch off the expensive ones, use the cheap ones, it is affecting your health in a positive way, if you install an air purifier of 700 square feet.  They cover up to 100 m area, take one as per your wish and try it. I am writing about its effectiveness. You get very good sleep at night. I suggested it to the people who used to sleep with snoring and used to struggle.  When you install an air purifier in the room at night, you get a very sweet sleep, the quality of your sleep gets better because you take too much oxygen at night. I am not telling you any name, you all go spend your money and this Diwali, you  want to buy  Fourth thing: You will not need it immediately in the month of November but you will get a lot of work in December and January. If you can take it then this fourth thing is oil heater. People have installed these with rods. This gives headache to the oxygen.  I turn it off, I use it because I have classes etc. My workshops and courses etc. are in the evening so it is very cold and you cannot do it by hiding under the quilt every time, okay so sometimes you have to  You have to sit and then you ca n't even sit like that, okay, when the temperature becomes right, there is warmth in the house, there is a lot of peace in the house, I am telling you a practical thing, because of the oil heater.  There is no headache, it does not burn oxygen like that, it does not make any sound, it does not sound like this and it is a very nice and sleek thing and nowadays oil filter heats like this have come in different brands. also check  Do it at a reasonable rate, it is a promise that all the mentioned things will be kept below your phone's price, so oil heater, now which one of these I am giving advice will you buy, then please write in the comment section which one you have bought.  Which brand have you bought and if you have good feedback then write in the comment section so that the subscribers also get the feedback, otherwise what will happen to all the famous ones, if I come and make you famous.  It is a different matter whether I can do it like this but who all have got the silent chimney? Chimney is the chimney, so I told the specification of 90 cm oil heater also, you have to buy the one with nine fins, there are nine fins, there are six, there are also nine.  You have to take the one of nine, there is no taste in the six, nor does it heat as much. Take the chimney of the right size. I told you that the one of 90 cm is placed on the top. You have to take the dish washer of a good brand.  You can buy air purifiers of any brand and I told you that air purifiers have become very sleek and good looking, they seem like a decorative piece in themselves, nowadays they are so good, a complete QI will tell you about the filter, its year.  There is a change in one and a half years, there is not so much maintenance, there is not so much expense, your health will get better and the last important thing is that I would like everyone to take it and this is done by using these four items mentioned so far.  It will be very cheap and will help you a lot, that is, I have already done some courses, the courses are very cheap, beyond that, I am giving discount to you guys for Diwali, there is 33 discount code. If you go inside the comment section, you will get the list of courses, one is Astrology.  The one with simple astrology is one of the best. The course with simplest astrology is one you can learn easily. The price is very cheap already and after the discount it will become even cheaper. The happiness course is one.  There is course two, both have different content, both can be bought, after that more cheap things will come, out of decision making already, I think it is a thing of Rs. 00, beyond that also the discount is fine, then I have a workshop on pre-marital consultation, it is amazing, that is probably Rs. 00  There was some discount and there will be discount beyond that and people are earning a lot of money by taking that, they are earning a lot of money, so here I am, I am also promoting myself, so Art of Decision Making.  It is very good, one of my Financial Clarity for All is of two hours, it is amazing, that is, it is only Rs 50 and beyond that also there is a discount, okay, if you take all of them and if you take a discount beyond that, then your life will be very good.  If I become Jhingalala, then I have given these four-five names. Depending on these, you have to have financial clarity for all, so according to Diwali, it is a great thing for investments, so you can take it.  If you want to take membership of the channel then you can do so and in the courses you have to enter the code, you will get the content recorded and for those who are coming, there is another code and that will also be mentioned, so wishing you every buddy.  Happy Dhanteras and in the coming time, Happy Diwali after two days and may Lakshmi ji bring lot of prosperity and happiness in your life and Lakshmi ji with Saraswati ji and Lord Ganesha, you are fine God.  Don't forget Ganesha, Lakshmi ji cannot survive without him, I told you about Saraswati ji through my courses that you can acquire that too, you should always keep your patience, you should keep a smile, there is nothing bigger than health by spending money.  If you make your environment good then it is very good, it is a small house, only one air purifier will do the job, it will work fine and it will look very good and it is definitely there, now if you can change it, whether someone is burning stubble or something, the above system should be like this.  It is said that air does not blow in November and December. Look, we carry out polluting work only for 2400 hours. In winter, apart from stubble, something extra gets produced, but now if the atmosphere becomes such that air does not come, then now brother. How many diseases will the government make, don't make noise, what are you doing, what are you doing, then you do your own thing because now they say no, otherwise if you go out then what, hey brother, listen, you are sleeping for eight hours at home. And  Every man, no matter what he is, spends 12 hours at home. The women and children of the house spend 16 hours. Women and children spend 151 hours. So if I spend 24 hours at home, then even the Prime Minister will not decide the environment. If you can, then there are enough of them, so do as many hours as you can, then which of these things are you going to buy? Please tell me. Number five is my my stall, it's okay, fair on Diwali.  There are many stalls, the fifth one is my stall, it is like taking it, people are taking it, the price is less than a phone, I hope every buddy will enjoy this Diwali by buying these items, only then it is fun, that is a lot of dry fruits.  Buy this, buy this, give it there, give it there, all this becomes a breeze, these days even a small packet comes for Rs 2000, if it does not come for less than that, then here are the things which are good for the body even after Diwali. If you want to type live on May 31st during day time then please write 'Ask Me Anything', there was some demand in it. If you want then you can do it during day time. Thank you.  Very Much