Hello friends, very interesting topic five things same in five years middle class will not be able to afford Indian middle class, here I am addressing the middle class living in top big cities and maybe the same story will play out in small  City 2-3 years later 5 years This will happen in 5 years What is good or bad in this Now you taunt and wonder how much will it pinch you or will it not happen in 5 years  Will you agree with all the five? Which number do you agree with? Write down the number and which one will scare you the most and it will hurt you that brother, don't do this one, Guruji, please tell me and send this video to everyone, middle class.  My audience is the first thing that the middle class will not be able to do in 5 years, this second child, the second child, they will say that it is not happening even now, it was not happening earlier also, yes yes, that will not happen, inflation will increase so much in schools.  The fees will become so high that the expenses will be paltry. It will become a norm to have a second child. What is the choice now? There is a choice, I don't want to do it. Many people are not even getting married right now.  That trend is also going on, don't get married, don't get married, don't have a child, they keep saying dinks etc. then after that, if you have a child, then do one, that is already going on, it has reached a percentage but this trend has started.  Already, this trend will become extremely common, meaning if there are 100 couples who have children, there will be 70, 75, 80 who have only one and only 20 who have two. You will see that this is bound to happen in 5 years. Okay, many people will think yes.  So what, many people will think that no, I can't work and I can't. My personal opinion is that we should work to have a second child because you have the second child.  Not for yourself for the first child you are having. When you original parent leaves then there should be a sibling. The reason is that marriages do not last and if marriages do not last then it is okay if it is the original sibling then life is cut off otherwise D is for depression.  People enter into this question, do they love their first child? How can they deny their second child? Well, it was an advertisement for a pressure cooker, but I am telling you that this is the first thing which is not.  Will you be able to afford the second thing - maids, broom, mop, utensils, the cook, the middle class will not be able to afford it these days, madam, if she gets a job, she is a cook, in many big cities, this one is a horrifying condition of the broom and mop seller.  It will be alternate days, their salary will increase so much, I am telling you that they will not be able to afford it in 5 years, you have to pay taxes, they do n't have to pay any taxes, right, if it is 10  They also work in brothels and they are earning money from each one, so if they earn in cash, then this is another thing. If you do agriculture then tell me, this is another thing which you will not be able to afford. Okay, middle class cannot afford.  The third thing that the middle class will be able to do, which the middle class will not be able to afford in big cities, is to take care of the parents. To take care of the parents sounds like a bad word but it is late and there is no better word. It is okay, taking care of the parents literally means giving them money.  Keep them in mind that the boy passed in IIT, this is how it happened, he has poor parents, lives in Uttarakhand, it will not be possible after 5 years, and if it happens, it will be at a cost, if you do not want to have a second child, then this is more to do.  If you want to raise, then don't do it first. If you want to do too much, then don't marry. This trend has already started. Boys tell girls that these are our girls, they are not ready to get married, they are the ones who have to be brought up, they are poor. Middle class looking men are not getting married to the children of their parents because actually they are from poor families. Middle class children from poor families. You understand what I am saying, this is another point of life which is very important. This is very important.  If is an important point because in this you will run after doing one thing and the other will be left out. You people have understood this very well. Agreeing is a matter of pain, you will be able to help, you will not be able to take everything.  You will find father saying, Son, give money for the roof, give money for the loan, then you will say, stay ahead with us, stay here on rent, no son, there is a function to be held there, today it is coming on the request of parents, programs are done, see poverty among the poor.  What happens in different classes also, it is different that in poverty, getting food and treatment is one it has two, this is a video material of 20 minutes, how much should be given, where should it end.  Should you drive a desire and father should go in Creta? Yes, my father, why brother, father was poor all his life, he barely lived on a scooter, so now how can you give him a bigger car than you, that will be a big video someday, so this will be  These ones will not be able to happen. Yes, they will not be able to happen. It will not happen in 5 years. Okay, nothing happens with wishes. Okay, if you have to support your parents, then don't marry. That one will not happen. Okay, fourth thing, that middle class cannot afford.  She will be able to write and this is going to hurt many people. The luxury of having a housewife will go away. Having a housewife is a luxury. I am not against the concept of housewife. I am against a concept of where the female is not earning and wanting to. Earn just because they have children and she is raising them because children live up to 80 years.  As time passes, you will not have the luxury of being a housewife, just as the lower class does not have the luxury of having a maid come to your house. Those who have maids in their homes have children, do jobs and also manage the house.  If I raise them, then their children do not grow up well, then see how your children will grow up. Yes, we will not do it. Yes, I had already said that only one child will do it, that child will grow up, someday he will grow up, do another one.  If you are no longer okay then that  When the elder child turns six-seventh, your wife cannot work, he has gone to school, he will come at 7:00-7:30 in the morning, then work can be done, if you do not have the choice, then prepare now, otherwise you will be forced to.  It hurts a lot when one has to work, because if the woman does not do it, even after hearing the luxury of being a housewife, she will have to sweep and wash the utensils and the husband will say why should I do it or you have been doing all the work in the house.  Child, you did not do another one because because whatever reasons there were, child, you did one of many, even if you are not doing even one, what are you doing here, what will you bring to the table, nowadays I have made this dialogue quite famous and  Many people are reading my pictures on this. In the society, those who know me and those women who know that nowadays husbands have started saying too much what are you bringing to the table, husband has to bring food.  Food has to be brought to the table but the woman has to maintain that system, so husbands have to do it. Not the husband can wake up in the morning and say, Not today boss, I have got a headache. The wife can say, Not tonight darling, I have a headache, but.  Husband can't speak. Poor husband will abuse his boss and make a presentation, will get hit in buses too, will keep hitting clutch, brake and accelerator in car too. Further, all the people of Delhi get stuck for one and a half hour every day, it is fine in Gurgaon, he cannot refuse all these tasks, the poor guy will say that he is very lucky, now you will have to do it, then five years is fine, five years, I am telling all the women.  I wonder what will you put on the seat of the chair, fasten the seat belt, fasten the seat belt, fasten the belt of the chair, the weather is going to deteriorate, because this has happened, this has happened, this is what the budget has come this time, it is only a woman, Nirmala ji. they  Getting all the women to work, Nirmala has done to the middle class people what Yashwant Sinha could never do, Chidambaram could not do, and all our Jaswant Singhs, our old Finance Ministers, Manmohan Singh, Madhu Dhan Bhate.  Or even before that, the name was Pranab Daab, all were finance ministers, the work that they could not do was done by our Nirmala ji, Madam Nirmala ji, which is very good, all the women, come, you do the work.  Don't do it, we ca n't even survive in America, neither will we be able to survive here either, we were surviving till now, we wo n't be able to do so in future, okay and the fifth thing which middle class cannot afford is not working on yourself and not upgrading your skills and talent on a constant basis.  You will not have to spend money to learn things, otherwise those people have gone to school, done college, got a job, you are sitting comfortably, father is coming, please prepare food for them, they are theirs.  Keep the towel, do it like this, and father, what is he, he is a clerk in a government bank, he is getting full respect and he spent 3035 years with great pleasure, father used to come with an umbrella like this, on such a middle class scooter, and he did not get full respect.  You will have to upgrade yourself. You will have to upgrade yourself. You will have to learn something to survive on the job. To leave the job to make side income. Constantly Constantly You will have to learn things. Your Saturday and Sunday will become. You will have to take out time to learn something. If you don't take it out, brothers and sisters, then you will become poor in the middle class, because poor people are coming like this, tuk tuk tuk tuk.  Rhyme and middle class, things are going on like this, life is moving forward slowly, wife does not work, husband is at the mercy of parents and children.  Ka wife's and wife's wife, in this too, wife and mother take out time, it is okay to complain, and what should that poor man solve, Nirmala Sitharaman ji is a very good well wisher of every man, remember, you will give blessings to her in such a situation.  If you did it otherwise it was never going to happen, she did it. I am telling you that in the future, when history will be written, Indian men are not calling Nirmala ji sarcastic at all. People are feeling like this, not at all, very true.  They will say that brother, you have encouraged our women to come out because now the reproductive system has come to support them, till now there was a choice that girls used to marry boys and girls, yes, we have taught you, if you want to get the work done then you can do it.  People should decide, marriages used to be done like this, now marriages will be done like this. If you want to marry a Lagi Laga, then those who have not been married, you have to marry only a money-earning cook. Hey, this is sex today, boy.  To  One should also know how to cook food. A separate video will be made on this. A separate video has to be made on food. I have not included it in this thing, otherwise this is the trend in it also. Okay, so five things, according to me, these have to be done, five out of five.  According to me, there is some degree of difficulty and it is painful, so if I am telling you this in the middle class, then those who are in the middle middle class or upper middle class today will be able to afford it. Class  Also, there are different types, so according to me, one should have a second child, according to me, the parents should also be raised, so I will not use the word, but they should help as much as possible because they should also be catered for, it is okay for the parents.  You should also have a second child. You don't have a choice to grow by spending on yourself, otherwise you will not have income generating capacity. What value you bring to the market. You will get paid at that age. If you don't increase this value over a period of time your salaries will not increase you will lose your jobs this is what will happen ok and meds to bhaiya women, which one should you tie your thong cover to, that is ok the weather is definitely going to get worse jhadu pocha  Utensil because husband will say why should I do it, I earn money even after going out, I will also do the sweeping and utensils at home, you will do it.  What do you do, brother, if you have to afford the meds, then a woman cannot stay at home. In the sense, she can earn even by staying at home. If she wants to earn, but she will have to earn money. So I hope this is something I can do because. I am a social observer and reformer of the middle class. People of the middle class have asked me to do that but what did I tell them? They will come and go, copy it, finish it and put it somewhere else or go away. I will always stay here because I am  I am taking you from one place to another, I am taking you across the river and the sea and the ocean of life, so there is no need to be afraid, this is going to happen, it can be handled from now on because the middle class has taken these things for granted.  Foreign country, big car, vacation, things that you have taken for granted that it is a poor country, she will come. Kamala Vimla, I don't say such names, they are for maids, but just to tell that if someone is fine, then she will come.  If she comes, it's okay, brother, she will also keep coming to your house, you will have to work hard for that. Don't take it for granted that we will help the parents so much. Children are born anyway, and the wife is at home like this only.  I will keep telling stories, I like my wife at home, so that when I come back home, I will get my cup of tea and Guruji, I don't want any trouble, so brother, I will have to earn money. Okay, so this is possible.  If not, then think a little, it is okay from now on, there will be more compromise, otherwise it is okay. Do write in the comment section which of the five should not be there, which one will give you the most trouble, on which will you focus most or not?  It is as if the women's focus will be that brother, if I don't have to do it, I will start doing SIP now, then this is a practical video, it is going to happen, all my past predictions have been correct, you people who have been associated with me for many years have seen that  I say that it is published in the newspaper after six months. It is published after six months. Before it becomes a trend and before it becomes visible. Before it becomes a trend, how can I say that even before it becomes a trend, I will not see it, but as soon as a trend is created, I will come to know about it. I make further predictions about it, first in a closed circle and then publicly and then that trend becomes visible to you people, then it gets published in the newspaper and then you send my subscribers to it so that you can see it getting published.  Went After six months this is happening so this is the trend which is happening you need to be a little bit wise but by doing this little hard work you can always afford all these five things these are very five very very middle class things these five things which I told  This is a very middle class thing, you don't have to spend Rs 25 lakh to upgrade your skills, keep learning a little bit, keep learning something.  5000 2000 500 300 800 1500 There is not much value in this Webinar Workshop Workshop Webinar Gather Curry If you agree, then how do we conduct, how do we earn money, next, what is he saying, what story is he telling, learn something, learn something, I will be lunching.  On my website also very soon and beyond that also you can attend these things and see them.  Links etc. will also be found in the comment section and I will be conducting a lot of true workshops in the month of August which will tell you how to actually go about it. My work here is not to fear mongering, to be nervous is not to scare, hold hands too, hold hands too.  Have to do and say, money can be earned, money can be earned, so I hope you liked, share, thank you very much.  mech