Hello friends, today I have brought a very interesting topic, sometimes there are such topics after seeing which I feel very good about myself and my relatives, these are the topics of mine, you will not find them anywhere on YouTube, you will not find them even by Google, they are very fresh.  I bring a pack of real issues of life which we all know about but still due to shyness neither they are talked about nor are they discussed much in the society. The channel is small and the things are coming back very soft to me.  Is  It is interesting to me that the feedback is positive that by forwarding your videos to our relatives, friends, boss, juniors, we are able to forget those things which we might say directly if we are allowed, then it is my best compliment when people say this to me.  There may be loot in this video, senior citizens may get a little angry with my words, as always we have to give clarity, we do not want to offend anyone, those who have not subscribed to the channel, this is a request  Subscribe and put the bell notification on all my subscribes because the data that comes to me is that many people have not pressed the mail notification due to which people do not know when a new video comes and those who have not subscribed are watching such forwards.  There is a request to them, please subscribe, then here we go, today's topic is I will discuss six speed and connect them with each other, the first is Paris, that money, property, progress and peace, money from Paris and  If we talk about property and bring it together so that there is progress in the family so that everyone gets peace, then we will discuss about those who were born in 1958, their parents and their children. Those born in 37 should separate their lives because of this, they lost their jobs by moving around.  Let's separate one from this, their life story, play mute, this video is for all the parents, now we are for those who share it among themselves in all the groups, no problem is coming, those who were born in 1978 and the next  The people of 2018 are in pimples, their parents do not listen to men much and their children also cannot do much and they are not going to get as much fear as the skin paste got due to the change of jobs in the society.  What is happening is that the system is a middle class audience, according to you, my audience is in between, I will talk about them only, so they are in a hot previous situation, the parents here cannot miss this, very soon, my brother.  Children should go away and we will make our own life. It is a big misconception that children will go away and will not do anything but go somewhere, then we can easily give our likes and it is like this, it is not going to be equal, okay, then this is the way to remove this thing.  Now I will talk about some touch points which we should discuss in our family in the society. The first good point is to discuss the property with the parents. Paris, now some are sitting with their property, some live on their own, some are theirs and sleep on acid and many are mine.  for consultation  People come to them in different ways whenever I speak, whenever I talk about educating, I am very fond of advertising, I don't even talk to them from 10:00, I don't give money to my parents, I own property through my profession. I don't care, it's theirs, it's theirs, it's in People Take Unnecessary Friday that if I don't have an eye on my father's money, it's pure, then whose city does my father want or who should have an eye, and someone else has this eye  He said a little that if she is bad then she should be there and she can also be protective. The one who is a security guard keeps an eye, he keeps an eye on the fourth action, so why shouldn't you keep an eye on everything of your elders.  It is up to you to think about whether they fool their partner or fool yourself and I want to tell this to the parents and I also tell those who take concentration from me that I made a little joke again and again but that's the point.  I have a lot of strength, even though I am a parent, we still live here. Don't talk about my property. I want to tell you that technology has come now so that it can be continued after you are gone. The matter is not there yet, it is just technology, the matter is yet to be, is n't it?  Friend, she may not have it while living, but she may not have it, and you did not talk about yourself while living, the whole matter will remain, this is a true topic, I have not done just one today, I will also discuss it in detail, you will see one in the videos in the future.  This point was another one syndrome  Everyone has got GPS. Anything in the centers should be normal. When you come to the most state, tell your friend to add this control to it. Okay brother, I will take you, we will go after seeing you this much, we will see this, now there is a syndrome in this.  What is it, I am the parent, I also have parents, okay, so I am very conscious and very serious from both sides, I do not want to tell this to the society that if you think or say such things then stop because  This thing is spoken in so much English that making a virtual kiss and then no one leaves the recipe. Take it and that graph meshing is such a profession, everyone in the society knows it and I will not convert whatever your importance is. Till which channel will this match get plotted, not many people have done it, let us forget all ours here and then hey, you also know, right?  They were like, Namaste, who will do it, then this also needs to be the truth of life and you do not know the other thing, besides, how many people do not know, at the age of P60, they do not know that even matriculation can be done, that is why people do not know this.  Chetan comes to know about the fact that he unfortunately comes to Terminal In East, Imran returns and his body becomes like this, anyway the expenses are spent, so this statement of Fact of Like is not true, which is what we all have to do.  We create this property for our self-esteem. If there is a bit of flat run for the children, then the house next door gets demolished. They speak matter language. There is a network advantage in this. You have created your property just for the children.  If not for self-esteem, then the society thanks them, why don't they make their jobs work so much? If the children ask, then we are wrapped in our equity, we make things according to our needs, our respect, our status, in this we never give this thing to the children. It is my request not to say that we have arrested for you, just as dialogues are presented in houses, unity in those houses gets reduced and the aim of the channel is to increase unity, increase happiness, create property, progress is seen because I believe that if the family is happy.  And if this is sour then the country will progress. The country is nothing but a family of 20 crores and the biggest family is only 10 crores in which all the grandparents can come and the breath will drop and touch them if they meet.  If you have a family of Rs 5 crore then you should concentrate on your family. This is the third thing that I tell you, till the time the contact starts hitting you, it is not the society that sells your pension products which has given a very obscene switch off switch.  Of mutual fund one yourself, don't go into this real SS, who will handle it and tagged, I have to tell you that after going to 36, many people think that I will settle in three-four times, friend, I have started a project in some new product.  If I put it in the position in four years, then till then no one is going to fall, okay, you have to go till 9 inches in the code, then the chances of having a witchcraft road are very high with you, technically the length of the length of your child is something with you.  Will produce own child, if you see it historically and whatever way you want to see it or you will be connected with it, I will tell you in the metro bus, right now I am matching raw appointment, I will tell you three good times in this that What to do in the exam? Without this, there was a lot of effort involved in it. The interest rate on FD used to be nine percent. Four-five years ago, one percent is reduced every year. Now it has become five percent. Don't be surprised. Next, doodh jhaal, sweets, termites have eaten it.  If you go, then you have to do this yourself, send such an ad, today you are doing it in which the person who is white can break into Europe in 3ds 293 abroad, that ad will also match and  By the end of six years, the value of some money had become so much that you have to buy it, do it in Goa and then you have a long career ahead, you may not be able to do it even in a normal city, you will not be able to do it in Udaipur too, okay  If you have 1 lakh then I will tell you that the value of Spicy will be lost and then you will become what will you go and when you have to sit in FD for 30 years then people like to eat one day's meal in a five star hotel.  So it will end, so whatever you think of us, then you people should not put it in celebs without much, many people come to me with degree certificate, portfolio of mutual fund, I do n't know how much raita has been spread, so ad, everyone in the world knows.  It is father's, mother's, every can definitely be accepted, it is military and the small verification that you keep, everyone gets confused, where was it kept inside it, what is its length, you no one knows, in half a minute. Some of them are lying there, some are in demand, there are chillies and bursts, some are lying with hands and hard copies, some are half-baked policies that do not make any sense, do not get too relaxed in the match, integrate them and PM move forward by connecting with the children.  The fourth thing is that this is the last test attempt or the point of Twitter is that this starts growing in the houses to see the parents regarding the property. After all, they did not do any more shots, they say, do not do it while we are alive.  In Marlena, fight on this, we are always ready, don't make us do it at all, no one can do this Radha Sailfish approach, we are watching you, make us sit, call us, there is an export like us, who is in this only, contact management palace, we do it, absolutely come, dip, everything else can do.  Do Not More Than 60 Years of Age You have lived till nightie but what happens most of the time is that there are two children - boy and girl, girl and boy and if you put them in any combination. One pass is left in it, one on deposit setting, if he goes away due to some job, then he goes away, maybe his wife also enjoys a lot, not to look at Aamir but to do anything, the likes keep going on, then his  After this, when the actress's bag increases so much, while in response you stayed away and did not say Namaste to her, then there was no value in accepting her, you were in your tension, your husband was some officer, you were having a little fun, now that SMS.  If you read it then it should be on the website. Now this other brother, the other bread or some young man was taking care of them, right, it belongs to the parents, so now the parents are techno, now they are seen as the ones who will go towards them, who are also gone.  When this fight starts, brother, add a cup of water in this shoe, no study approach can be given to it, but I have not faced many people with this issue in the family, please help me in this matter. Drop by drop, women also like the cat approach for health. I launch the opposition with all the satisfaction. You saw that in this no one can even say that the one who says Namaste a lot, the one who suppresses Namaste, the one who says Namaste to the daughter.  She is taking care of her son, he is taking care of her naturally, she can see that if I am angry with him that he did not say hello earlier, now if I have not given him a little greed for property, it is called fast power politics. This is the fault of the parents, tell me this too, always remember that the fault of the tree is that it always scatters its dialogues, there are two children, if peanuts are a little life, one of our children has reached the milestone of 2 years, leave it friend, he is small for a while.  At the age of 2 years we accept the hand of the younger one but if we all are 25 years older than the mother then it is our fault. It would be the fault of our elder child. You will see when I will be able to come with the memorandum. If you like it then please like it.  Do it, I will kill my life, nowadays I have reduced it, so I got a little, it has also reduced. If you find these things unique, then please like and share this thing, if it is 25, then discuss this thing, then you can do this.  I am coming again on take away s. On take away, this ji is moving away from his parents, this is his wish, this is the family, you are two brothers, brother and is as per the combination, discuss your property and house once a week.  If you are not there, then how do we come to the general course? We know that everything is fine and everything about the child's education is fine and there are reports about it. How much will you talk about it? So, she used to do a lesson, while talking to someone, sometimes WhatsApp is turned on.  Happy Birthday happened only then good morning message came, this is my life, this is not an objection, this is unity, this has no meaning, this is fun, it means that you would have understood me, time cannot be a simple thing in life and the biggest table manners is Lakshmi ji and  Progress, who should be your guest in the house every day, how to call whom or call in any way, it is okay, call on whatever platform you have and discuss among yourselves that this set of ours is working fine. Well, what else can we do and Tomato son, what is your plan? And a high level committee has the feeling of an office where the elder of the house is sitting, like Bigg Boss, the rest of the people should pay tribute to him and give a decision. Only when we talk to you  Families will start being close to them, otherwise what has happened today is that a man will not be able to do anything, he will be sitting with a plant and the family will go, it was sour, multiplexes will come, okay, your giant and Vashitva professional is yours. What difference does it make, now Haryana is so beautiful and low that property can be transferred between blood relatives without any cost, there is no need to register, write 108 true teams in your state, what do you think?  The second thing we have to talk about is Mummy ji, every woman who has a cigarette in the house is in 1617, don't forget to do it. Step 3 is up to the station. The government also wants other property fonts. Okay, so use Mummy ji, we will use her name, okay. They get income tax benefits, there are all kinds of blessings and the parents also have a security that the biggest attack on the parents is that they are releasing the parents from their biggest problem. Security Edit These are their children who are sitting with this remedy and this June profit sharing, this was not their cigarette, the day you understood that the family and you will get the most, it happened because the day you put this feeling inside your children,  Those children are not worthy of anything, they will not come out worthy of anything and father and the big day happens when the children are very busy in their life, they do not say Namaste, they do not give much emotion but you are still sitting on rice and so what is there in everything else.  speaking  He would have added one thing, he needs five chapattis to satisfy his hunger, the child has four chapattis, his hunger is satiated with the fifth chapattis given by you, the value of that fifth chapattis, you relax, no investment, no batting, he is out.  If it goes, it is not a century but it makes a shop worth one run, so what is it when you edit, you have something that will keep the child fully engaged, a down payment of Rs 20 lakh has to be given and he has  That number is sixteen and a half lakhs, you have the capacity to put three and a half lakhs, that this adaptive is earning 745 per person, you take onion from your child, no, we will not take onion from the children, we will take ghee, we will take it from the bank, but you will take it from the children.  It increases more if that person gives, if they ask for it, and I am saying that there should be no need of not knowing, a business like approach should be taken, the third thing is yes, I am the last takeaway now in the family.  Where do you invest? Because of the strong sunlight, people say that the family witch has to get together. Now that tweet is given to women, everyone else above and below them wants to cook their own food. The food habits have become as different as that of a 70 year old and an 80 year old.  Eat something else, eat something for 50 years, now it has become difficult to do something with it, but I have discovered that family makes it better. He is always doing the right thing, he is always angry and sour and even when yours becomes very less and as many other things as there is no one's worth, the Deputy Commissioner shared most of the top night of his fast but which is fifty percent.  Would have given him 50, if he had given 25 Nov 25, how did you like this video? You guys tell me Kayli, share it, such videos, if I like the lights and comments, then I have very good content, which can improve practice quality.  Why mild during that hour and you people will get detention benefits thanks.