Hello friends, this is a very amazing topic, the original content topic is Seven Tips for Preparation Towards Retirement. If you are going towards retirement or have just retired or have already retired, then here is a short video which the youngsters are watching. Please send it to your father.  Preview Maybe mom will be a housewife, but if it is not very applicable for mom, it is more applicable for dad, then it is okay if your husband retires. Please forward them. If you are a woman watching then I am going to tell you seven tips on YouTube. There is only one plan for retirement, Plan your retirement, SIP mutual fund. Apart from this, brother, this is life, these are the seven things that I will tell anyone.  Have not told till date. If anyone has told, then write the name. Write the name of the channel. Write the name of the thought. Amit Sangwan Original Content Coming. Okay, so the first thing is that you are going to retire. It is time.  Retirement is in sight, what to do first of all, I will tell you seven things, you can do with all seven, whatever you want, I will do all seven and will do five and find out according to the number, if I do this one, I will get great peace that  The content reached the right place, benefited the right people, what is the first thing, start making your relationship strong with this family, now look, what is this, my wife is my strong sister, no, in these many years, distance comes.  She is busy with her own work, you may be busy with some other work of yours, now you have to sit at home, start doing some work for your wife, try to please her, increase some closeness, work towards your children, that is, those of the family who are close to you.  Relationships are now with you first, if you make them after people's retirement, then you will say that you are sitting empty, now you are there, now you have remembered me, earlier you had not remembered me, so this is the first thing, be a little calm.  And start being humble, second thing, start developing the habit of reducing yourself, this is already a gender, in the relationship with your wife, why should you come out of the bathroom, start putting your clothes in the washing machine, slowly start pressing the buttons of the washing machine. Do it, it is very simple, okay, start adjusting your bedsheets, start putting some socks, start adding some vegetables, if you are not planning to bring vegetables then do it, start getting involved because if this is not the case, then will you yourself feel that  now i  I have retired, that's why I am doing it, there is no time for retirement, there will be expectations, you will have to do it because you have to see, there are so many men, you will retire, wife, so in a way, you have taken a shift till the age of 80.  Whatever nick name you have given her, it is okay out of love, everyone has given it to their wife, something is okay, madam also says some people, someone says anything, okay, so when should that poor girl retire?  That you are his job, his job is your job and your life is till he has a job, you are retiring from the job, you should also be fully happy, it is not you, it means you are happynessing, if my Chakki P Singh closed, then he too would be happy.  If you want to forward people then do these things for yourself. Third thing is very important. All the retired people make this mistake. If you also do it, then write in the comment section brother, if you want to see something to pass the time.  You will see something in life to pass the time, neither will the time pass, you are going lower, you are doing this as if there is time, I will tell you in the future, you have to do this, there is no time, earlier there was plenty of time, job.  But if you are just learning this near retirement because then what will you tell me further, then what will you do, you will start spending time with people, the biggest thing is that after retirement, do not talk to retired people and what to say.  it 's good friend  When I am retired, only retired people will talk about you, share each other's sorrows and gossip about their next generation and then you will be self- fitting, this is what happens when you go to the park, ha ha, this is not just a gang.  Joining: Whether you are 60 years old or retiring at 55, anyone is retiring anytime, if you are still retired then do this, whoever is retired. You can follow it for one or two months and see, if you do n't get peace and happiness in your life, then tell me in the comment section, the video will not go anywhere, come and write and I did everything, everything is nonsense, it was going well, it got spoiled, it's okay. This will not happen, no matter how many old men there are, do not learn in the company of old men because you all are at the same level, your thought process is such that you have no taste and enjoyment, no learning is taking place, from that I would come to the next fourth. What to do, what not to do, don't do a job, don't do a job after retirement, what to do then consult, reduce any skill you acquire, reduce it, but don't do a job, it is not good.  You will feel that you do not get respect in the job where you are, only your age will be respected, go to private after 60 years, don't go this friend, don't go, that is wrong but that is wrong because there no one will call you by your name.  He will say that you are an addict, you will not like him, this development of mine at this age is sugar, it is not a compulsion, no, now I was not passing any time, if you go somewhere like this to humiliate yourself, then you should not do this.  Okay, if you understand, then wherever you are, you can give concentration related to it, you can do something related to it and stay busy in it by keeping your skill set alive on which you have a lot of knowledge.  You can also be called to study and write at many places. This is a very important thing. The fifth thing is to think of developing a new skill. Now, I am not saying hobby because in hobby, then that word goes to pass time. If you develop a new skill, then in this  The gardening that was done is fine, it is a good thing, watering the plants should not become life, because you have to do less, so let me tell you a secret, if you do less, then you will have a son or daughter. Everyone has that marriage, she is kept within the couple. The one whose father lowers his value gets higher. Understand my point, there is a boy, the girl 's father is working and the boy's father is not working, and the girl's father is working.  So when they have a conversation, your child's power will be more in their power, not whether you are giving them money or giving them something, it only shows that your mental is made intellectual or your mind is in which John.  has been coming since  Because that father is still working, he is earning less, he is making less money, if he is doing something for 60, 65 years, 70 years, then this is a big thing, you will go up in the eyes of your children, if you do less, you will remain sitting idle.  But because if you retire now, you can easily lose as much money as your child and ours, this is also a factor, because this guy who is retired has gone from here, this guy has come here, then even if he falls, then even His income will only fall but it will be equal to his income or a little more, then he will be very good to you from inside and one thing is that she is your wife and is retired, she is not in the habit of seeing you at home much.  If you do n't do anything, then there will be a lot of kit fitted in the house, I will cover it later, then the skill you have to do, the sixth thing you have to do, six things are very important, anytime you have a conversation with anyone, a new person or a stranger comes to you.  from someone  Meet because it is a habit of many retired people that I was this I, there is no need to tell you, if you ask too much, then tell me a little, but there is a need to praise him, you are people, you are only consent, what use are you to me today? You retire from any post, after de game of k over king and de porn goes back de box, till the time she was in the chessboard, your place in your department or where you are working, he should be in a government job, he should be corporate, you  When we reached here, the chair was there, everyone had to reach there, someone or the other has to reach, you have reached, today it is being discussed that what is happening today, many people are in trouble, I was this, I was this, this is their discussion, now the new generation. And then you say of distinction, she doesn't respect, no, what does it have to do with you, you say, you can do something, you can do it for them, then tell me, the biggest thing comes out of this, again, I will come to the last thing, the biggest thing comes out only then you. attract people towards you  Will be able to do this when you talk about their shortcomings, do not talk about your shortcomings, what a great man you are, your greatness does not help him. If he wants to meet great men, then he will only read the biography of Mahatma Gandhiji, read that of Subhash Chandra Bose.  He is as great as you and not as great as you. So brother, shoot somebody, best time with you, listening to your greatness in your organize yours. If he is so attracted to greatness, then there are so many greats in this world.  People have gone to our country, there will be more great people in the world, there will be biographies of how many people have been made, there will be at least a thousand biographies, there will be thousands, okay, if you start thinking differently, then you will realize that 60  You have a life of 90 years and whatever you have reduced from 25 to 55 or from 25 to 30 to 60, you still have the same amount of time and you start like a pressure, think this.  Can't eat old bread, leave him talking about him, if his skill set is any of yours, then you can do it to him a little, you can tell him, you can't sing that much praise, the next guy will pay you mani, he will see how much you, I, that.  He is not the one who is going to repeat his old past, okay, so this was the last most important point, all these retired people are there, they never judge on Adarsh, I have a lot of knowledge about it and you are not doing all this right, it is okay in the family.  Is  If you tell that tarsangat, people will listen and if you ask yourself to do something, they will listen. Advise: Everybody is sitting idle willfully. Buddha is no less than him. Why are you coming late, why are you coming late, why are you not getting up in the morning, why are you not getting home.  Your wife will get irritated because when you were sitting at home, you will have made, you will have cleaned, you will have had home management and mismanagement. Ok types are ok and your wife will also be a little girly ki yaar main to itna bolate itna kam karte ho this man will nine si ki main to bhent ke gappe marti, watch netflix, talk in the neighborhood so main you know meds  And everybody comes and they do it, they will see it completely and this thing, that too, he also has to act, the wife also has to act to show it to her husband, now she gets irritated at home, so she has to do that.  If you don't like anything then you have a job including a wife and kids. That was your job, you have to do it.  You are earning thoughts same you are wife agree you have kids with you date that also get married ok so whatever you did and they think brother I am 35 years old  I have retired, I don't know if I will become gay, it is not there, yes, it is normal in this life, others are normal, you should not feel much difference in the first day of retirement and the days before that, mentally because if you do, it is because people say.  It is better to do like that, if you are going there then it is okay to go there to buy vegetables. Okay, you are doing this. Okay, do this when you pick him up from school. Okay, do it like this. If you are going to pay the electricity bill there, then do this. It looks big, it seems big.  If you know, I told earlier that first get used, you are doing all these things, if you can't get you, then you should prepare, even after this, if the person earns this after retirement, its value increases further, meaning if your  Running young at 55, running older at 58, everyone even after retirement from the army, sir, earning is new, this is the earning word, I am working on it.  But I am not going, not going to the job, it is okay, you have it on and you can, as much as you can, if you ask the retired people and discard those who are not reducing, then you will know who are reducing, how are they reducing, where are they reducing.  Be kind to the people of low level, respect and vice will now speak and how come I have done so little now, I am tired, oh brother, people should take rest for 6 months, rest is rest, there is nothing else, then rest has to be in PC, after being 95, that one rest.  to do  Age will come for 8.90 when there will be no less physical and mental. In 60, mentally is fine, physically is fine, the more you do something, the further you will go, the body also gets deodorized, so if you keep doing something then it will happen, everyone has such nectar.  PK did not come but it will get delayed, it will get delayed and it will give you a fruit full 60 to 70 very good district people will call it no, I am right now  I will go on a tour, I am a retired man, I will take Sara's tour, I don't know what I was not doing, which I will do now, my friend, everything gets completed in 6 months, you can't keep roaming only, you are something  Do this, go there, roam there, come even for a little less money, why can't you do something like this, I will bring whatever history you have, this is just an introductory video, so don't think that I will leave it here.  Those who want history in this group, because I really don't know how big the audience is, let me know that all the people listening to me are of 35-40 years of age, so they did not like this video that much, but if even those of 25, 30, 35 years of age did not like it.  Yes, I am also your father, whose people are they, please forward them if they put it in the comment section, I will give you a completely durable history, not some strange ones which can be heard, which can be done. How did you guys like this video? Tell me and share it with people. Thank you.