Bluetooth Hello friends, video number four of my marital series. Before this, I have made three videos. If you have not seen them then please watch them. Today 's topic is should a son and daughter-in-law live with their parents? Notice to the daughter-in-law that she should live with her parents.  You should live with mother-in-law and father-in-law, this is going to be a very important topic, everyone has to see whether you are a girl or a boy, daughter-in-law has arrived, she is going to come, are you living together or not, missed the train, like this video.  You must watch it and if you like it then share it with your friends. So let's start the topic that after marriage, should a boy live with his parents along with his wife? So I will answer this in the beginning.  By doing this, I will follow the same E-M-A answer with reasoning instead of giving 'And They Never Did'. My answer is more clear that Jin should not stay that I have said in all my videos that the family should stay close, I have not said anywhere that  You should live together, together means one kitchen, the kitchen should be separate, stay close, within 10 meters, hello, there is a house here, another plate, stay here like this, stay close, sisters, but you should not live together, we discuss this on the research firm. Before that, I would like to tell you the situation as to what is happening in the market. I am a marriage counselor. How many months go by, so one gets to know and learn a lot. He is a very elder son, the current is Rs 2000, whose pimple is his?  I am telling you what is happening in the market, so you do not need to discuss about 5 years, 10 years, 15 years ago. This video has been made based on the current situation and it has been made keeping the future in mind, so one thing should be this.  It has been the case that the parents live with their son along with the child, the house is probably not that good, the location is not that good and now the time is coming for the child's son's marriage, then Dev Kushwaha that end 120  Please note that you will get money later by selling this house, you will get Rs 70-80 lakhs, take a loan of Rs 50 lakhs for your daughter's dead body, take a date, you want to live in 3BHK, so that when new relatives come, you can show the girl's family that we are a family.  A big seed is being sown in this affair. Akhilesh's future will tell you why and how. What is Gati saying in this? Yes, boy, to increase your status a little, marriage market.  We are creating such a situation where if the bride does not come, she has to live with her in-laws because at the age of 70 she sold her house, took a share in that house, the girl took a loan, now if the boy goes here, the biggest problem in this is this.  You people have to relax that why do girls play with dolls in every home for five to seven to eight years and in future, women have big dreams, they play with dolls in every home in their childhood. Guddi waala is going from house to house and after marriage, there will be many women in it who are going to become the breath and those who are not there, they will say that you are pouring cold water on a hot pan, we just got to play house with you.  Control has come, become our soul problems and you will be able to do it, my mother-in-law did not let me play, now I was thinking that my daughter-in-law will come and I will come under tomato control, so you are posting this video, some generation will have to suffer this. any one  You say about the generation, I have become stupid, it turns out that in the same generation, Mallika did the same and the one below also got equally dry. This may be bitter about one life, but there is a lot of peace hidden in it. In this video, I will tell you that.  What benefits will the mother in law get? These were just the points of the situation. What will be the benefit to the boy too? So see in this that if you have taken the girl or daughter-in-law into your house and they are living together.  There are a lot of issues of privacy. Earlier, 60-70 years ago, the culture of the village used to be of joint family. Men used to live separately and women used to live separately and a young couple would get a room for a few days, but To live together, if you use it as a sense to privacy, there were no enemies, if she bowed down to her in her village, then she could see it in the pattern because she was always veiled.  The puncture was different, you do not live in the age group, now you cannot spend that culture selectively limit, today it is 2 3 BHK, if you people live inside, mother-in-law and father-in-law are also the same, son and daughter-in-law are coming, then he said fixed.  It has been decided that she cannot wear clothes as per her wish, it is summer season, she is in the privacy of her house and she will not be able to wear nightie or shorts as per her wish, then she will remain a businessman after closing her door.  The whole day you people will say that what is this, I am telling you the ground reality or not, the energy that comes into the house does not have to live with the old energy, food and drink cannot be saved, time to wake up cannot be SIM, music videos and songs.  Playing cannot be a job to be enjoyed, she will also have to call her mother. Tubelight is a bit similar, isn't it? Ladies enjoy it completely, if they study to do all the work, then she must be pregnant or on top of that, the father-in-law in the house. Now he is sitting retired and has gone out to eat Vijay. How many days has he been away? Now he ca n't run away even when he is crying. So he is in the worst condition of the thought. Don't look at this situation. I have seen everything in this situation.  There are two men who travel the most, that is, he travels and this does not happen with the mother's co-territory, the boy does not set up, hence the mother does not suspect him, he has nothing to do with it, otherwise he will stay at home.  He has to go out, he has to meet someone.  There is no need to be shy and the girls should have the advantage that Papa ji will bring the vegetables. Papa ji is taking the responsibility of the house. I will give some money. I believe that Bachchan is my opinion and to say that I am serving my mother.  -I live with my father, it is very good. I want to ask all the boys that who is loyal to them. Now tell me. The boys said that we have so many boys, then you say, girls, any girl can also be someone's farm. So it was also said that  It is said that the parents of boys need the feeling of being a single boy and not the parents of girls. I am not batting for you here on behalf of girls, but I am trying to tell you all to the society and Strictly, if you want to sell marriages, then because all these limits can be increased, today I am going to tell one thing to the girls, a campaign was run in Haryana 5 years ago that in the house where there is no toilet, do not send boys, the network there was very successful. But I was suffering from depression, so it's very very successful today I want to stay in the Northern Haryana everywhere, more love, your girl has no place to live separately, don't marry in that house, calm boy, so handsome, rich, good start, his use is very good  And the parents make the selection after seeing the relationship which is not lasting. I am talking about the base rate. I am very worried that no matter who you marry, the boy may not have his own house for rent and the boy who marries  After having a house without your parents, it means fame, it can definitely be up and down, back and forth, there is no problem in that, your daughter will get an independent unit, Jai 1BHK, 2BHK, it should be clean, whatever you wish, look into it, you have the right to program a lot of requests. No, but it is an independent unit CAB and shoot, take this clarity in the beginning, in the beginning you will not be able to ask due to shyness, if you can tell then it is a big issue boy.  These days, I have to do something very good, I am very dependent on my parents, and the mother in law who was there, becomes dangerous, see, I take an angle in every video, I forget about Bhool Rani in some mobile, something like this  In some I will tell, in some I will tell about the king's son, in some I will tell about the girls, in some I will tell about the boys because I am a neutral man. You people must have seen Neutrophils and the old Mahabharata in which that 30 year old one which is in between now  No, there was that Chakkar role in it and as soon as the voice came, Harish Bhimani from B.R. Chopra's Mahabharata from Jeete Shehar, I am the time, I am the time, I am telling in the same way that I saw this earlier, now I am seeing this and I am coming next.  If something is visible then I am telling you guys accordingly that you girls should not get married somewhere where your daughter does not get to live separately, otherwise many boys will say that you want to create a foundation in our family or I  no need to divide I want to save my part, many people will ask that for Haryana, the expert till Pandav, partition is okay, partition that you want to be separated, you don't want to be looted, that boy will be violated if you stay together or else some smart intelligent got the idea and the son also got the idea.  If we have gone to the resort pearls then we will silently go to Canada or Deep, if we don't go to the depths then we will go to Bangalore. If this game of living together is being played in Gurgaon and Delhi, then silently say that this is a very good job for the daughter. There is a naked photo of the son posted there or they will go to Italy. Unfortunately, the parents also know what is happening to them but they did not do it from the heart, hence in accordance with the scriptures or in another city. They do not know what is the circulation in Hiroshima city.  To live in an apartment, my device is that you live in a separate apartment and this one, the boy's taking a loan before marriage and living in a common property which does not even have a separate kitchen is not right, then you have not gone anywhere that Ravana  The picture was Meena RS, the same one of Shahrukh Khan, dialogues of Bryson were played in it, so how could I miss it, either this dialogue is very applicable, before the arrival of the girl, you have set a field in such a way that she can tell this story to her again.  The boy must have heard that where should I go, I have taken a loan for this house, it is considered mine and the mother will say that we have taken our decision. He was the son of Rani Wala Assi Ghat, we got the number area. We met in old age, if he comes then there will be no need to narrate that song story, how don't you work, your Rani Bagh comeback, if we make 80 lakhs then take another 2 BHK and you brother can take a loan.  You also take 2BHK next door, take both of them from fast food tester today. Okay, now I will tell you, mother who is a mother in law, because unless the benefits are explained, it would have been difficult to implement, so I would have said something.  I will tell you the benefits for the mother-in-law, why do they have? What are the benefits of living with one's daughter-in-law and son? These are the benefits of mother-in-law. You will never have been requested to see your own son and staff and wife to his wife.  Fuc Baahubali because it breaks my heart a lot. Whenever a woman sees her son serving his wife, nothing can happen to her Brahmin life. Now in my mouth.  Had I got out of this, then these people say that this means a fake smile, a judgement, yes, this cricket script is not mine, it is like you come to know something for the first time, for example, if I had also found that website for the first time, then that is why I  I also laugh a little. How do these examples look? If you like them then please like, comment and share the channel. No one is bringing these topics on YouTube. Very good topics are available.  There are different channels but all these things should also be on some channel and India needs to share Indian history in Indian should discuss this that a lady's note should find her son these friend things which her husband would never even think of doing.  If you are there then it wakes up like this from within. Now, I have done marital counseling care for so many couples, so for me, all these templates are clearly visible to me, so basically this is something that you will not get to see.  He offers tea to his wife, he irons his shoes, he polishes his shoes, he is surprised by the fights, his problem is that you will not see anything like this, this is the reason, this is the reason, yes, you will not have to serve your daughter-in-law, son, daughter today.  So you used to make rotis before marriage, you were making them for your husband, now a new daughter has come, she is also coming back after working, it is time for dinner, you had not made any rotis for them, so give them to her.  two big bananas  If you have to make a few chapattis of your own in the future, then it will be beneficial for you that you will not have to satisfy your hunger, do n't be hungry, do n't do it like the bus of many Arya months. This model has become the same model as the one with the notice.  The 1716 model used to do all the work itself, now the new ones cannot do it and it is fast, so you will not have to do service, this is an advantage, after that you can concentrate on yourself and  Own What changes can you make in your married life because if you have married your daughter, then your focus will be on yourself for so many days, otherwise you will keep watching a lot and the health of your son and daughter-in-law will deteriorate. This is the time that your  Responsibilities have reduced, you keep your set up comfortably, sitting in your husband, how much food will you eat? One that I will prepare my vegetable, I want to eat this very heavy food at one time, but if I make it light, then you will get rid of some residents.  You will get this benefit, then don't you want to tell your husband again and again that I don't want to wear Bermuda, she is a young daughter-in-law, so don't wear such clothes because she is also fit for hanging in the life of her father-in-law.  A lot with one's son or daughter-in-law, and as these are the heads of the house, it is your decision, so don't do it, okay, Mahua, it is up to him what clothes he should wear to roam around in a house.  the house that will remain  After the members of mother and son, it does n't matter that son is son, he can roam around wearing any clothes, mother is mother, so that's it, I had told earlier that I am father-in-law and daughter-in-law, why is that a problem, then you should tell your unfaithful husband.  You will not have to stop yourself and fifthly, you can fight yourself with your husband because without health, there is a special love inside the mother-in-law and father-in-law because they show that we are an ideal couple. all couples fight If you keep fighting in the marriage, then the marriage is going to end here. It is okay that in a date marriage, if there is not a little fighting in the marriage, then it is not fun anyway, but when that daughter-in-law comes, then you would not understand that I am going to kill the father-in-law.  Oh God, how can I scold you, because if I scold you, then it will affect my son in such a way that this is normal, so you will have to control a lot, then you will not have to do that because many will come forward, okay, the sixth advantage is that your relatives can come comfortably. can because what's in it  Yes, a daughter like you has to come, give her something, give her someone to silence you, your wife, daughter-in-law, Rani, ca n't you see that this is better than me, so look ahead to your daughter, she is not doing anything, that means you don't get that feeling, okay?  Along with this, this directly creates a change in your house and remains forever because when your relatives come and pass their proposal to the daughter-in-law, she has been harassed and tortured, then her mouth will also become Namaste, she will say no.  if we reduce it Then only you will fall, it is okay that if it gives so much fun then it is not a work, okay then it can happen, so it can also be protected from that, because if you stay here with me, then it has many benefits, let me tell you and this syllabus also has more. I will cover the office further. For now, I have told you the benefits of melodious tunes. Brother, if you do not keep your son and daughter-in-law with you, then these benefits can be there for you because the girl who is watching Bigg Boss, if she is living with you, is her relative.  So if they come then we will not be able to keep them also.  Sometimes I would feel like coming and going, I stayed half the night while coming and going, sometimes I was afraid of some clothes, new parents also have their rights, if the sun is good for you then look at it, it is breathing, everything can be done through it because she is the mistress of the house.  But if they can, then why wait, when did she become a mistress, till this year she has known that she has to go for one year or two years, this person has to be this, so it is better to keep her together for as long as possible. Many people say yes in this. Yes, it is like this for us, it is very difficult for us to live together.  She is good, that is, the daughter-in-law who is good, we will do it like this, she will do it to me through this process because she did not open her mouth, if some of her compulsions are like that, then there is good and bad in this, if it means keeping you together and the last one, whatever you like, then boy. You have to relax that if you die of great service, then take a house next door, go to your parents' office and serve for 24 hours, make tea, do this, give your health tips, changes happen, you are a boy, it is okay, you do not make your own tea.  all your work  If you do your job, save your job, make the boss happy, get the things in the house, if you make the mother happy, then you have to think that she will do this service, so you have to understand that this is how you are, on 21st May, no longer, the route officer BJP has come, has n't it helped someone?  Don't do service, don't get service done by anyone, it is a big blessing for the boy and the biggest advantage for the girl over this topic is that he thinks that his rent will increase by living with his parents, he gets this.  I do n't know how much will be the rent for the children, his fifteen-twenty 25000 children, this 1 lakh is not going to be rented, it is okay, because of his productivity levels, due to college, his performance in the juice job, his peace of mind.  It's her money earned, it's her relatives, it's her investigators, it's her ability to think, it becomes so perfect that if she gives you money, her loss in rent is more than what she is saving.  So this topic is white that I am messaging today, so I have told only a few of these in the template as mine, I will tease this topic a little more from different angles, today I have gathered a little courage and made more, it is like this  It doesn't mean that those who have come during this time and those who are next generation are very great and it is not that there are issues with the parents or with each other, I will cover different topics, today I have covered it in this way, how do you like it?  Please give feedback and share it with the society. Do you have any questions to share? I am a practical daughter in this video.