Hello friends, this is a very good topic - Seven Disadvantages which Bachelors Face in India, it will be applicable on both boys and girls. Please, if you are there and you have vowed to stay then you have to see how many people will agree to this. I will tell you seven points on which people would agree.  Be it All Seven or 147, whatever it is, you write it in the end and spread it in the society, on family groups, among children, among the youth. Whatever opinion you have brother, you speak.  If you can't let me stay then you should know about these disadvantages. According to me, it can also be called society prejudice. It is okay that I do not endorse those who belong to the society, but I know it is a matter of pain but by law it should not happen. And none of these, I am smiling and expressing happiness, ok disclaimer, I am a pro marriage, pro family person, but still I am telling the pain, I will tell seven things and in practical and I will not tell this.  Who will serve you in your old age, that is the cliché, who has to serve you, whether you are married, how many are there, how many are having children, I am telling you all that myself, that is not the reason, there are other reasons which you will have to face, seven practical ones which you will have to face.  I am talking about them, first of all, you don't get a house easily, your social status is good but you are a bachelor, wherever you go, there is no bonfire here in the society, there is no bonfire there, there is no bonfire like this, unless you find your  Buy your own house, which bachelors don't buy. For what ever reasons. It is a big difficulty. There are preconceived notions. You don't get a house. You will party here, make noise. He will bring a girl. Now he will bring how much noise the married people should make. Noise on Karva Chauth.  Do it on functions, do it on your functions, do it on birthdays, do it on Holi, Diwali, he is married because he is mostly the one in the society, but he cannot do it as a bachelor and he also has to do it at home.  You will get more according to that, you can't bring a girl, you can't bring a boy, you can't bring friends, all the relatives of the married person will come, the hooligans will come, the paan spitters will also come, everyone can come in the lift because they are married but will be called scoundrels of the bachelor.  Meaning, when bachelors come, they will fight on the parking lot. Relatives of married people are coming because when a married person becomes a man, then wife 's side is on his side, father's side is on his side.  Mom, mother-in-law, father-in-law, brother-in-law, uncle, uncle, everyone has come, only the young crowd of Bachelor comes, so they do a face, the biggest thing is the second thing that happens to you, time wastage generally happens to you, this will come out more in the next points but butt.  Generally speaking here, I took my own family's aunt, took it there, took it here because you people release you don't have your agenda because it is the agenda of private time. What is the job, I am sure you will be doing it, but what about the rest of the time, which wife do you have, which children do you have, drop them at the railway station, take me to the airport, come, take me here, he is married.  Even my mother feels stressed when she says to her, 'Brother, what will she say, it will be a waste of time. Now you will say, what to do now, sir, Guru ji, now is the time, so now we will have to do this much, but this is a waste of your time.  I don't care, there must be some friend, come on friend, let's go there, I want to see the plot, I want to see the flat, you also come, I am buying a car, I am buying a mobile, if I go, then there is a lot of time wastage, third again, sexual orientation is a subject of pain, will anyone question it?  No Rohit bhai, everything is normal, no, he is not doing anything normal, everything is fine, it means there is nothing else like this, the girl does not like the boy, the girl does not like the girl, so this explanation has to be given, married guy.  He is bisexual, don't give him any explanation, no one knows his orientation, no matter how bad he is, but you will have to tell this thing to the bachelor, now tell me why is this question being asked, why are you asking but you will find someone, although people are a little bit sensitive that I I am not nosy, come on, no one, no one, but you will find that every 10 days, 12 days, if you have a little interaction, then first of all your family members will ask you.  Why aren't you doing everything? Is it okay? What happened? Hi Hi Hi Hi, it will remain so, you are a little embarrassed, how can you tell me that mine is normal, okay, it is not normal, but whatever it is now, I have decided that it is normal, normal these days.  This is also a political character, everything is normal according to him, but this one, you have to give an explanation again or the subject of pain is a disadvantage, this has to be given, you have to give life.  If someone or the other collides, then these third and fourth ones are rubbed badly on the job. Bachelors have dreams in the beginning. Look, bachelors, here I am also addressing those who want to go and get married later. It is not necessary that you are a bachelor, it is always possible.  There will be a bachelor but the permanent one can also listen, who is currently on the job, first of all you will become the boss's darling because he knows that brother, I can suck the time because he has it because he knows that this is  If she gets sucked even at home, how much more will she get sucked here? After some time, her mouth starts getting developed, so bachelors also keep the boss entertained and give him a chance to feel young. If the boss is a bachelor, then it is rare.  But if yes, then a different story starts, but if you have to go somewhere, it means there is work outside somewhere or it is called tour and travel, like outside duty is preferred, then send it. Give me which wife is his? Which one is his? You have friends, you have your own routine, you have your own house, you have your maid, you have food and water and that is the most problematic issue and getting late for work, giving work late on Saturday Sunday.  To give work to someone, to do anything like that and that is that many times people think that bachelors that I am doing well in the job and it is giving me an advantage but it is not happening that it is a risk of their time. reward  There is no risk reward ratio, input output productivity is not that much, in terms of what he is going to get in life, even married people reach there somewhere. It is not that you are spending a lot of time, I am doing great because I am with you.  You are not feeling nervous because irritability does not come at one stage in your life due to family pressure. This is also a fact. So, performance at work place is better for those of you who are bachelors and lockable.  Peppers are rubbed at the end Not much notes are going to the bank That's what I want to tell Not much notes are going to the bank Just because you are a bachelor and doing a good job That's what you are getting as per your salary  The fifth thing is emotional exploitation. There are two or three aspects in this. What is emotional exploitation? Everyone around you has a system, they are friends because if you are a bachelor.  You will have to have friends, if you are not getting married then they carry their emotional baggage on you, I got a breakup, girls are bad because they seek that because you have chosen not to get married, so there is something for you too.  It will be a boy or a girl of opposite gender, that is, there is no deep trust in love, physical love goes on, you people know, but that one is not mental, then whatever you will attract there, true people end up with breakups.  Unfortunately, all that hangs on you and you will have a lot of fun in learning the knowledge because you will be busy on the phone, no, it is not like that, I am you, this is this, now while learning the knowledge, everyone will say to me, 'Hey Guruji, you too would have saved the knowledge'.  Yes, where do I read the knowledge of Phari, brother, brothers and sisters, I earn money from here also, I also earn chit from consultation, don't say my pat my my my like this, you are free.  You are enjoying the free knowledge in your life and are also becoming emotionally connected. I am a professional consultant, not you, you have to become that, become a professional, then there is no problem, no emotions, you will not get hung up on time and money.  People will help you, whatever is your point of view, this is a big disadvantage for bachelors. Secondly, I will connect food with emotions only because food is also an emotion.  Pratik is that our emotions are controlled by food and it is because of emotions that we eat here and there. Both things are related. Food and emotions are related. Gut health is also related with emotions. Bachelors here travel a lot and do not feel like cooking themselves.  I am saying that married women, if their husband is not living with them, should not feel like going to the kitchen, a single man does not make it, he does not even feel like making it, have you ever made some bread, cutlet type or any small  It takes a lot of effort to prepare Maggi, Mogi and this proper food, but if you don't do it in 99, then according to me, the life of bachelors will be reduced by 10 years from Pa, even if you remain a bachelor for the whole life, earlier the work of bachelors was different.  Did they know how to cook or who become yogi type like that, who are such people who are not on the spiritual path and do other work in ashrams etc. and eat satvik food and do not eat their own food.  They boil them separately but it is not like that, today's bachelors are eating momos, they are eating red food, they are hanging on Swiggy jam, if such an expensive thing cannot be eaten outside, then why does it cost a lot of money, the food is not cheap. No, if you try to eat very well and still it is not good then these emotions remain very shaken due to this, there is emotional imbalance, there are two more points, sixth, seventh and a bonus eighth, I will also tell you what else.  You should do that also, I will give you a little hint. A very interesting video is going on. If you have liked it till now, then please subscribe the channel and like it. Happiness course is starting in the third week of November. These things are also covered not only in Bachelor but also in emotions related to marriage. Join it if you want to join my Happiness Course 2.0 Iconic Course. Every year there is a happiness course.  And the content is different. Happiness one was different, two is different, three is different, if ever it will be different, now it is 2.0, five classes will be of two hours each, each is the best, if all these are bachelors, if you listen, then you will become a consultant, if you start earning money, then A2.  Any other person can write, it is okay, it will have very good content. So the sixth issue is the practical issue and the subject of great pain is the inheritance issue. If you have a brother or sister. You will not be given anything from your parents. They will say that you are a parrot, I don't know what he will do, he has children, this poor guy is struggling, this is the biggest problem, if he is a bachelor then his inheritance should be equal, if he is not married then  It's his choice, he also needs money, in old age he may need it more, someone who will take care of him, only money will take care of him, brother, the one who is not married, only money will take care of him, that means there is no other source, there is no hope.  Even if it is not there, then still the parents are avoiding it, this is a fact, will you continue to give the feeling of identification, the feeling of grandparents is coming, the grandparents or whatever relationship is coming, grandchildren are visible, Linius is visible and  Here she is showing indifference because in today's day of Indian parents, it hurts when a bachelor boy sees a girl, it hurts, then they say that you are giving us pain and she is giving it, so I am on her behalf.  Literally I am saying that love does not exist, that this is happening, this should not happen, according to me, it should be equal, but this is coming in the advantage, I am not talking about the cliché disadvantages that are being told anywhere to the bachelor because that  They say that we will sort out these ones, I am saying that these ones will do what I am telling and these are the real ones because you are saying no, no, people say to me, I have to go to Bangkok here.  want to have sex  You will get it, you will get it like this, Guru ji, what is the need, when milk is available in the market, what is the need of rearing a buffalo? Let's go in Tashan, boys of 20s and early 30s, okay, we will see brother and many more incidents with you.  These are six points, I have already told you, there is one more point and after that there is one more point, then see, you start getting tired, in youth you feel fine, friendship remains, then in 30, you feel scared, in 40, yes.  It comes and let's move ahead. According to the law, inheritance should not be received, but this is the logic of the parents, there can be any logic, we have so much property, let's give it to you too, give you a mutual fund. Will give you gold, will give you cash, let's give you FD, but these are assets, where grandfather's name is written and that is your surname, whatever you are sitting with, Bansal, Agarwal, anyone's Sharma, who is  Also sir, 1.5 crore sir name is ours, go ahead to Linnaeus, building is written there, name of the parents is there, then that thing, brother, it will go to my Munnu, okay, anyone else will get it, okay, who will go ahead to the grand child.  If you meet the same person by name then it is very bad for the bachelor, it is okay to become an idiot and it is a wrong thing, it is okay, the last thing is that a bachelor does not get respect in the society, endlessly and till he has intelligence, wisdom and consciousness.  You are doing the work of awakening people and if you get it then many a times they are not allowed to give it to you like us but if I am your scoundrel type then that is fine but if you are becoming a very strong leader like Anless Atil, you are serving the society, you have brought some revolution.  If you are social and social then it is okay that brother is doing some big work, Baba ji has created some institute and what good he is doing, the average person does not get it because what happens is that wherever you go in a social function, you will see that  the man who makes less money than you  He is low in social status and he is married, that's all his and his children, the society is respecting him, his opinion is being asked, no one is asking the bachelor in the family decision, what does he know, he is married anyway.  No, what opinion will this give? Buying a house and buying an investment is done in the default setting. A person who is not married must not know how to invest. He must not know how to buy a house and is married. You see, the ones who are serious and those who are married are anyway a little serious because the ones who are bachelors, their energy levels are high, brother, after getting married, the energy is energetic, who is saying no, okay, it is bound to happen. That means being a bachelor means all the disadvantages and advantages can also be counted at some point. Today I am showing this because these are sustainable disadvantages. They are high in energy and a little. He keeps chirping like this, children also remain like this, but society calls it that, it is not serious, as if we do not give respect to children, these lot of terms that friend, he is a child, now it becomes something like this, in fact, Bachelor.  Whatever happens, his hair will also be washed late, hair will also fly late, it is relatively fine and the married one will look a little mature early, so many times I have seen that he is a 38 year old bachelor and he  He is 34 years old, has another brother or is a relative, so he is being considered younger than him, he is being considered amateur and is not being given respect and many times at social functions, wedding functions etc. and there all those questions are being asked to him in a sexual manner. Orientation is also asked, some do it emotionally, some are not getting respect in the society, it is a true statement that you bachelors should tell what you have thought.  Okay, the eighth important point, which I had not promised earlier but now I am going to give it, is the biggest pain of the bachelor, what will happen to him even if he somehow sprinkles it because all these are coming from outside.  If you are meeting from outside, then do not talk to people in any way or select some people or reduce your coming and going in life, then perhaps you will be saved from all those things, but this is the eighth point, you will not be able to save from it.  These  The point is your endless pressure on yourself only on a daily basis to think whether my decision is right, am I enjoying, to justify, the married man has no time, the married man has no time, whether it was right or bad.  That's life for him, it's just grinding and grinding and mostly when married friends meet, they also give the feeling of being a bachelor and always say hey man, I want to go there for a walk.  Hey friend, I can't go, it's Neha, I'll have to ask her, it's the child's exam, he doesn't want to go with you actually, but he's not telling you this, you feel like he's imprisoned, oh brother, he also has to go somewhere to dance. Two-three times in a year, he also goes after taking a ticket and comes back having more fun, but married people are a little happy and there are a lot of married people, I can say 95, but there are few married people. 5 are happy but 5 are unhappy, I agree that they have a lot of sorrow but 95, I am not saying happy, I said only a few are happy, no one is happy at all, but he will never come and tell because he knows how to tell, now he  I am any married man or unmarried man, you can have a conversation with a bachelor, it's okay for you, man, whom should you ask, man, we already know you, we will talk only because if he doesn't make you feel like this.  A bachelor will not talk to a married man from next time onwards. Many times a married man also has to maintain friendships, he also has to maintain his relatives and these are good manners because if it is suggested that I am married and the bachelor comes and I will not let him down.  Go on, O Bali Ba, why didn't you get married? Do you know that no one speaks like this? Bad manners are 99 but people don't speak about it, but bachelors do it.  Let's take it literally that married people are unhappy and they are doing well beyond me, but gradually as the age of a bachelor increases, he starts having self- doubt. Look, self-doubt is always there in the beginning.  Friends remain but as a man reaches the age of 42, 45, 50 and the children of the married person grow up and he sees some fulfillment purpose or something in his life and some activities are seen happening.  There is no activity in the bachelor's house. What activity will you do? Will you get a dog? Adopt a dog and what other activity will there be? Who is opening the door? If you are coming to your house then it is okay, that work of your living in is done and that work too.  All those things are over, they are old enough, after that it doesn't work and after that, I have seen many bachelors marrying late, as much as the discussions about bachelorhood, they swear in 3035, yes, of course.  Let's do it in 40-45 and enjoy the marriage and the regret is that Guruji, why didn't you do it earlier, there was no one to tell you that, so today I told you these advantages, if you bear all the benefits and do it in 42-45, then see brother, you can do it first.  If yes, then it means advice, there is no force, nowadays children cannot do anything, but this is what has to happen, you will get tired, not getting home, time is being wasted, sexual orientation is being asked on the job.  Are you emotionally disturbed and exploited? Do you live like this? A married man has 50 excuses to run away. I am the eldest and the eldest, so ask Neha, meaning if she is someone's wife. Asked Rohit, he said, meaning asked her, and that.  Neha will say, ask my husband, he is not that much of a slave, he looks like a married man, he does whatever he wants to do, but when he doesn't want to do it, he takes Neha's name. He is all powerful, he can do his own thing anyway, but when he had to ask her, she would say no, ask him, no, he refused, it's his job, it's his child's job, and all these people beat me because they like that activity which I am a bachelor.  I am addressing, I don't want to do this with you, do you think this is forced, this is a big disconnect, for bachelors and that is not getting money through inheritance throughout life and sometimes what happens is that you do not inherit.  You went away with a bachelor's degree and your parents went away. At one age you did not meet me and then you are getting married. Where will you go and call your parents again? Hey dad, you got married, so dad will give it to someone else. Dad, what else are we going to do with money now?  I am not telling you about greed, it is about greed, I am not saying that greed for money is your share, you should have got half of it anyway, you should have got it even if you are a bachelor, I am saying that it is okay, but I am telling you anyway. These  Disadvantages are happening, I should not have created these, these prejudices of the society should not have been created by me, I do not have such opinion, however, I am for people to get married, my orientation is that yes, do it, get married, children.  Children, my general opinion remains the same, but I myself do not want that such a lesson should be taught to the society with any bachelor so that everyone gets married and I am absolutely ultra right by saying that no brother, there is no such position in marriage.  My opinion is that whatever you do is fun, there is sorrow here too, there is sorrow here too, the sorrows here are strange, the things here are interesting and keep changing, this is the trouble in marriage, the flavor of marriage keeps changing, the permanency here keeps changing.  This is all there is, now someone should say no, there is sorrow here, there is happiness or here there is sorrow and there is no happiness, it is not like that, but what is there in the beginning, there is happiness, it seems relative, man runs away from responsibilities, time gets limited.  And it lasts, it feels good, after that then sadness comes. What is here is that that flavor lasts till the end of life. Mix and match. I will not at all say that there are problems in marriage in the beginning and later, it is clearly not so.  There is fun in the beginning too, there are problems in the beginning too, then it remains a mix and match, here it remains like this and it is called confirmation bias. Bachelors learn this a lot that brother, the decision we have taken is right for all and ours.  Have you ever seen an association of married people? Those people who are willing to get married and are happily married, they have formed an association, they are running some Magta movement of their own, it is okay, something like this because you need it because you yourself get relieved.  This is a fact to the bachelors, friend, there is something wrong, friend, everyone come together, come here, come here, it is right, brother, it is right, it is right, brother, it is right, it is right, it is right.  You also don't tell us, don't treat us like this, then that's 24, like you are in the minority, right now, like any thing happens and that problem remains, you can go to the majority, like many people, this is happening in many countries, it's okay for the majority.  They are not going anywhere, but if they are going there, then they are satisfied, but for that they will have to work hard for 30, 30, 40 years. To tell the whole world, marriage is bad, don't marry children.  Bad this bad that bad how much energy will be wasted. Suppose after 30 years it has been proved that being a bachelor is not so bad because of lates and it has been proved whether it is okay to stay late or no no, it is right or it has been proved that it is good.  It is possible but it will cost you 3035 years to reach there, I am telling you this and the people who get married are the ones who get the good ones and the good ones, those who used to spend a lot of time in their life. They get set in the same way in life. Hey friend, my wife will do like this, sometimes she will make tea, sometimes she will scold me. If I don't stand up, then whom will my wife scold? If she doesn't vent out her frustration on me, then she will vent out some kind of curse, then it is said in life.  The knowledge that is there comes from experience and a lot of experience comes from marriage. Without marriage, even experience does not come. You are deprived of many things. These remain superficially. By the way, I am telling you the meaning.  I am telling my opinion but those who are bachelorhood are the ones who are sitting with bachelorhood zindabad zindabad, then you are sitting here, today I have told you seven more, there are also happiness course, there are 15 more and little by little you will understand all those realities.  According to this, I will tell you once, I will not tell you how to overcome old age, I am teaching this to the married people also, if you are thinking that your marriage is not yours, then tell the married people that your old age will end.  If all the children are cut, then they know that it is not being cut, it is okay, if someone is not getting cut, then it is with the spouse, I will tell this, as long as the spouse is there, it is okay, then the spouse is the one, I am also giving a hint, it is okay and when the old age.  Only one who has tolerated for 40 years can do this, why call old age a funny disease, call it a 70-75 year old man, it is not so normal, everyone has to bear it, even me.  I know it's okay but you can make him a word to bear or to give him a campaign, the one who is his better half or husband means he is the same because he has been knowing for 40 years what is the program and has been detonated, he has involvement in something.  Gut get used to it, other people can't do it, so suddenly if you are a bachelor, then it's okay, then I am not much according to children, children are busy in their life, okay, so there are interesting things.  An attempt has been made to shake the belief system of the bachelors that yes, an attempt has been made to shake your tree at all. It is possible that your tree has uprooted and fallen. If it has uprooted and fallen then get married and if it has not uprooted then India's number one Pro Merit.  The married person applied a lot of force, if you don't move then God bless you, your tree is strong, your roots are strong but the attack on these roots will continue, it's okay, sometimes you will move, if you move, then get married and no more.  If you move, then say thank you. Say, Guruji, you have attempted but we are fine, I am doing my conviviality, I am doing it right, I have come and told you so many big points, yet you still find these points ok, oh this is something.  No, there is nothing wrong with me, it's okay, so make yourself so high, I am such a big film star or like this, many people are like this, they themselves don't have all these issues, it's okay in life, it's okay, it's a tree.  If it doesn't move then please write to those people who say that if our tree doesn't move, then long live the Bachelor, in two weeks there will be another video to shake your tree, okay, the tree will move, the tree will move until everyone's Till then we will have to go somewhere and get the research done from someone else or get help from a content writer, either this is all, this is it, so the first attempt was on Bachelorhood of India, so there will be a lot of excitement in this and what else.  If you don't take it then the first over is bowler's Bumrah's, it's okay, wickets are taken in four overs, initially okay, so let's see, please share, like and this kind of content youtube0 positive negative of that, people will decide after a time, very good. Feedback is coming, people who have been associated with it for a long time, send this thing, those which you were not able to articulate in the discussion, send it to all those who were not able to open their mouths and  Send it to the parents whose children are not doing well. Brother, see this. This is what will happen. See point number six: Inheritance issue. I have given the idea. I am not a scoundrel, but these issues are coming in the consultation, that is why I am telling, not from my own pocket. That I am having dreams that this is happening on the ground, it is happening in many places, so please share, thank you very much.