Hello friends, today's topic is 7 guidelines and rules and advice which a boy and a girl can follow and should follow so that the marriage goes well in future. If you do this before getting married then those who have been married should see how much they can do.  Were or should have been learning? Everyone will be learning. Your children are coming ahead of the wedding. Some of you are coming ahead of the wedding. For you and those whose weddings will happen, it will be fun for you and you tell me about it.  You will follow one saree from one saree, the last one should be followed by all, it is mandatory, Amit Sangwan, the last advice which will be special from my side, this is fine for him and what else you can do, you see, first of all advice to the boy in which both the boys  Sometimes a boy will work for a girl, the boy should do this, the girl should do this, it is not that pro and anti type will appear to you, the boy should be my working girl and I am a girl, I am capable of earning and working.  And there is a difference in earning, you know when you are engaged and one is the ability to earn money, this is a very important thing and later you will know why it is important because this is the only think, the rest will come after marriage and will reduce it in the house. Nibhayi along with her mother said all the seven words, Nibhayi, something good will happen, what is his capability, he has no idea, a boy has an idea because a girl has a job, a boy has money, everyone knows that a boy can do something.  What to do or not, whether something happens in the house or not but he will earn so much money, this is so much job, at least there is some minimum guarantee program, he was with the boy and he looks like the girl has nothing, anything can happen.  Are you wondering whether you will get money or get some benefit? Your father-in-law is very rich, I do n't give even Rs. 1 to his son, no one helps, doesn't do anything, so you got married thinking that you don't know what will happen, so the only thing is you can be.  Asshod Office This And Bus  You should have the same intentions. Moreover, those who marry with bad intentions do not know what they will get, they do not get anything and they remain frustrated, this is also a fact. Now let's take the second jump. Boy should be a notary or girl should be a notary. This is the meaning of dum.  No, the one who cannot speak, Dam Azaan Akaal is less, in which now how are these people interested? Again, there is a linkup with the previous one. If a girl is doing a job, is earning less, is earning less, is doing something, then there is no Dam because don't take Dam.  more or less is ok  You can work as a laborer, others can work less, but you understand the meaning because I am adjusting for the middle class audience, so it is okay to make it in the classes, then in Dumb Girl it is said that they will get married today and people will find beauty in it. Like a girl would say, yes, you decide, yes, it sounds and looks very nice to us, we like that, friend, bring it like this, it is 700's favorite, it goes like that, no one is like that these days, no dammit Girls may be 10-15%, I think it will not be more than that, okay, but I have no right to call someone's daughter a dan, okay, but the fact is that I am saying this relatively, for the sake of everyone at home, everyone is happy and also sad.  Many people live there but I am telling the middle class audience according to today's situation that when you have that attraction, now you have to see what is the attraction and let the mother take everything according to us when life is going on according to us.  It is so long that it will throw the challenge, then your partner is strong, when the hurdles of life come, then you mean, you just think that just see it, you see it, live as you like, what will that be, brother, what have I taken?  It is realized later that in the beginning it looks like a doll but it only looks like a doll, mom also likes it but later you do it very well, the butt is strong and different in extreme, the first 15% and that too is not all gel. If you get my recommendation, Bill always be my intelligent and strong woman. This is my recommendation. If you find it, I am not taking the story from the angle of beauty. The story is also not taking the angle of education. The story is not about anything.  It is okay, but that big even big which you feel may be a little distracting is okay and it is okay to have a smile which you will enjoy even seeing, those different experiments of marriage and all the rest are in between.  There is 70% in it, choose the girl's people and the advice to the girl is never marry a boy who is from a very rich family and does not do anything himself when he himself does not have much because many people are making such bread, I am fast.  I am giving the essence of my tree consultation to someone. If all these points are sounding ridiculous then release them. I have spent a lot of money on these ridiculous points, my stomach is full, so come big.  I am sincerely telling my subscribers that brother, now you also follow this thing, people have followed it, I am very thankful, grateful and in touch, if you go till the seventh point, then it is a big point, okay, so what is there in this point?  The girls see the BMW standing, the Mercedes standing, the one with the swimming pool too, Shakti, looking at the extreme example, I am telling you that my studies are also long ahead of you guys. Brother, what could be better than this for their learning, we have Dhanbad Khul Gaye ji and your level is actually that of the society and in some such families, the girl is independent, your brother is fine, some are beautiful, some are okay, some are talented.  That's why this family is having a relationship with you, you are one of the big ones, I am the only girl, I am set, a queen's son got married many years ago in England, who was the queen, who was the son, she got married. What happened to, he also thought like this brother, he doesn't give feeling, he doesn't give respect, does this also happen in 100% case, the girl's respect is directly proportional, you de respect her husband, bill command in date house, old witch, it is again directly proportional, you her.  There is standing because that money belongs to the father-in-law, the money belongs to the mother-in-law, your daughter will not sit in the BMW, there will be a car, she will come to pick you up, she will be in a very expensive car, there will be talk of relationship, if the house will be decorated then that house will be there.  Initially she will be adorned with diamonds and pearls, she will also be given a ring, but that ring will not give that much happiness, that too goes in the locker. Initially, there will be a five day honeymoon in Switzerland and all that will be one after that for one year. Later there will be sadness when there will be a realization that this is not the one with whom I am married and it takes 35 years to meet all this and because the ascendant is 50, then 35-40 years will go to us, nothing will happen to us.  Milan and many times it is tweeted exactly like this, like a maid, she gets cancer. Now I am teaching the girl. Now I am teaching the girl. The girl is sitting and you can cast your vote. You can think about whose marriages you will have.  Think reverse test it and then see that the result is not coming out right. You people can set exactly what kind of result is coming out. A boy can also set it, a girl can also set it in her mother too. Do not forward this video. I will make people think that I am a big Jain.  You know, it's okay, if you have to do it, do it, if you are in the mood, okay, then the boy wants to see the girl, when that conversation takes place, it is lovemaking, it is dating, or even in a normal arranged meeting, there are at least two-four meetings.  The boy should be opinionated to see you. Boy, you take something or I take something. The boy should be a little bit dominant. I would suggest you and the girl also listen. This is what girls like, if not about everything then something because.  You don't stand for anything, you won't stand for the girl also, it seems that he is out of control, he is saying it right now, he is loving you but it will take 25 years to do it with his mother, will you buy a house in your life?  The wife will take the decision, you always test where it is the husband's part only, not I am in control, I mean control, I like it and the boy who is in a controlling job also looks like a good job is important but  This thing is very important. One more thing I am telling the girls. Do a job of Rs 40 thousand yourself, do n't run after people of Rs 3 lakh or Rs 2 lakh, quietly do 508 with the person of Rs 70 thousand because there will be value of your Rs 40 thousand in it, he will value you.  Movement You Marry The boy with Rs 2 lakhs says leave your job, you too will feel bad, leave it but you will not get 40000 out of Rs 2 lakhs, remember it is the girl's money.  If it is ₹ 40000 then it is his ₹ 40000 because there is no tax on it, the person with 2 lakhs is also paying tax, I am also paying it, he might be giving it to his parents also, who knows if he gets married, your money is yours and he will get your 40 lakhs.  It doesn't seem to be worth much, it is a relief from the tension, leave the job, my job is important, I have a job worth Rs 2 lakh, now I will do two and a half, three, five, I will do more, so girls also want to see that money is there in a happy life.  It is very important for me, I never reduce the glory of money, I always want to learn from you guys, but this aspect which I told is very important, after that let's go ahead, I am telling this for the girl and boy, you should not married girl.  Whatever strength I have, I had told you that someone who cannot stand it, whose mother is very fickle, how much she likes to roam around, this is not going to happen to you and if she doesn't even do a job, thank you child.  What do you think about doing, what to ask because of you, I am boys, it will happen and let you get married, you are someone, I am body, I am okay, I bill, I have me plans, Vetiver plants, you have regarding kids if Dewar matching it's a good think do n't let it be a surprise dewar is no us asking clearly de say what de girl needs you ask de by  You wash your clothes yourself, after getting married, I will not read your raw vests, what is expected, both party, have you oil, other, what is expected of dam, what is expected, you are expected, you are on table, it is called na, Bing, table is related to food.  Tu de table Sambdi brings what tu de table in English If one person is doing everything and the other is not doing anything then there is bitterness in it. Last point  What I am telling everyone and which is my absolutely popular 100% hit, the boys and girls are sitting like at a wedding, should they directly ask the girl or the boy, both of them, yes brother, this will distract the society, yes brother.  Sir, how much are you investing in the marriage? Hey, this is a big thing, what is Hiccup talking about? No, this thing will happen when the boy will also be sitting, the girl will also be sitting, the boy's parents and the girl 's parents, these six are known to be sitting even in the minimum. Peacock can also be some relative, it means this, I have seen it in many communities, I have learned from it, I have told the devotees and everyone has agreed, I am telling the reason for it directly, you should pay 30 lux more than the girl.  No D boy's you also need, you answer this question, match bill, you put and this is according to the ability, here your decision making is not based on whether he is doing less or doing more what.  Happens, I will tell you, Girls do n't ask, Everyone has a budget, Couple and there on daughter, I see a lot of parents, Girls, Aspiration, Calories, Party's expectations, Do n't know, Clear cut, Ask, Many are asked in the community and this is the final thing, then  40 means it won't cost 41. Tell me brother, where is 40? So tell me, it will cost so much in catering, if there is so much in food here, then so much will come in so many functions. Now this is not true.  If the boy's son can, we will bring the procession of dead people as per our wish, brother, if this is enough, if you come with the procession of dead thousand people, then it will happen only in 40 people, this is ours, or you can do it like this for 20 people. Yes, this Rs. 25 went back, ours was Rs. 40, this Rs. 25 is the Dr. payment of this flat in the girl's name, both the boy and the girl will take the loan, this Dr. payment has been made so much, I went back to the house, how much do we have to spend, she spent this much.  They are doing this thinking that it is an investment and they will give 3X the girl's money. This is what makes marriages a mess. You are not supposed to spend much because you are a boy and whatever if you are a girl or a girl, they are the ones who have you.  Go with you three Lo so that D boy also knows na ki ho much my parents you know put in my marriage he is also looking like this ok you papa you tell me are you ok let it be very clear and I will say this let it be equal you begin with function If you are getting married, then let it be equal, if you are a little, it is mostly anyway, it is very out, you should not get married, you should marry with these plus minuses, it will be, that is, that can be.  All that can work but Idli is that, there are guidelines, which one will you follow, tell me how did you like it, keep an emergency fund of 6 months, take a credit card like this, don't take it, take a twenty-four-year-old child, this is not practical, tell all the things which are happening in the society.  Asked there is shame in the back and this is what I am bringing to the table I charge money on this you can take me platinum membership and become a consultant like this and start charging money this video like I am a tree  I am extracting it from the domain for you guys and you will feel that man, this is something different because this is not something that they have hard and red and and thought that it is okay to bring content which you have not even thought of, so how about  Like, share, like, subscribe, thank you.