Hello friends, seven trends in Gurgaon real estate market which you will witness in the next two to three four months from the time. This video is going to tell sentences about the things to come. Watch till the end. Seventh print, the last one will be my friend after hearing that.  You will feel a little, friend, what should I do, I do n't even know what should I do, but the trend will go left and you people will agree, this is a little futuristic video but it is about 10 years.  I am not making predictions for 5 years, like for 3 to 4 months, you should understand that as many months are left in this year, start before that, the last month which was August 14th, Best Performer, Augustin Last 3 Years in Real Estate in India. Now I am telling you that September is not over, you know how the month is, there is not much sense in it, but this September is also the son of the last 10 years, September will be the enemy when November-December comes, we will discuss it later.  So you should know that the trend is going on here, if the 10 year back goes up, then the first trend you will see is that the inventory in the village is going up, including such projects which Swami is going to raise the pack from the fund. swami40 others ok  Whatever the government has to do, they should also go away from this project, then the issues that were there are also being raised that so much power will go into real estate, there also people are buying, listen to the full sentence, whatever is the solution for whatever, mind, thing, own benefit, takeaway. Self  Many people even talk to themselves about Dwarka Expressway or somewhere there, the project which has been going on for seven, eight, 10 years, and there was a hanging chapter, it used to rain after opening, everything used to happen, now make-up has started there too, duck and  Its position is also being opened in one and a half year and the price here is at 50% discount, so it is definitely at 50% discount, that is, the thing of the same size, this size, that size.  It is worth Rs.10500000, it is one crore, it is worth 10 lakhs, it is 3BHK, take it on contribution and the same Maven Construction, big builder, minute, this location is flight better, the thing which is worth Rs. 1 crore, 90, 180, 190, I am talking about its equivalent size, I am not comparing.  I am giving value fund to many people here, I am not saying that you have to take this, you have to take that individual choice, you have to take Hallmark.  You have to take 22 carats, you have to take 18 carats, you have to take normal measurement, you have to take pass training, 95 tanning is not required, you have to take a smartphone, not a phone, you have to take a vehicle worth Rs. 6 from India, to get support from India, that is your choice but those people whose budget  They say, friend, we can't take it, okay, this product of yours is not that much, it's not like that, if there are stories only but friendship, then there is some illusion, God is a prize board, please, there is so much money. Ling, that inventory is also being laptop. Let me tell you that by clicking on the names of all the projects, I am not going to take everyone's name in this way. You are doing good to them too, no, everyone is doing good to you.  Investors should have information because everyone is saying that these are our floors, builder floors are making me sleepy, these are so expensive, I am getting so much for so much, so people were not doing 12 calculations in it. this money  You are going soon, I will lie there like this, I don't spend my time in the streets, but I can spend time and give money, I can do it even if I don't have dinner, so this is the trend here too, meaning, this one is also getting the goods, okay, which is completely cool.  It was done and was broken and was kept outside, that too is getting up, you understand that it is of hot puffy puris, it is fine, second let's go to the Chief Visits, there is a line up ahead, very luxury projects line up, fixed rate.  Will you give a lot after hearing that who will get it after hearing those rates? Just heard, isn't it too much? Just think for yourself Rs. 20000 Skit in Mon Parts of Gurgaon Samay Parts Gurgaon 16701 Okay, so now these people were not listening to the rates, it means they were from The Project. But the generals were not coming at such rates, so this point will come, it's you, listen to me, okay, so this rate is already half and a half.  Came here on 17000 square feet, here the drop has been returned, like affordable housing, as if there is profit, there is no clear death line, Devi ji, yours is on the thirteenth side, but this one has turned out to be taken, it has to be taken, it has to be taken, okay ji, Amit ji, it is yours.  This is the feeling on the sixteenth floor, I have to take it, I don't want to take it, it's okay. Next, I am carrying 40 and a half. Don't sell 225 cards. Write 225 messages. Friends also went. Rest of the friends. Even if you throw tantrums, luck massage understands you, now even after seeing the price of Rs 17.5 thousand, you cannot see the inventory of your choice which is given to you, if you have to buy it by applying it on this tomato, then this is what is happening in the market.  And I have told you which product is Golf Course Extension, you write below, okay because I know my major subscribers and want to be aware. Those who are new, they keep asking which project it is, then I will tell them. He  Below you can see in the comment section the third important thing which people are not aware of is that the big builders are not getting the land, they are selling it to their friends and not to their relatives. Even the government does n't know who owns it. Now that brother will cut off the plot from them and live without it and the public will go crazy to buy it and will cry later that it will go to the government with us.  The government is saying that it will be injustice and I am saying this that living without you for so many days is breaking that you are buying a plot for Rs. 60,000 brother, if the diamond comes, then Rs. 90,000 will go, it will become Rs. 1 lakh, it will become Rs. 2.5 lakh. Hey brother, Toral, why don't you sell it?  Brother, I take that land, I don't know in whose name he has given it and the big players coming from outside, very weak, very expensive and you must have seen it also worth forty-fifty.  It is backward, a player from Mumbai has bought one in Golf Course Extension, one on your Dwarka Expressway, it is taking the form of a commercial one in Gurgaon, tell me at what rate it was done here, it was their line because it is a corporate one, play this list.  Just like the one from Mumbai is also playing the list, okay, whoever has bought it has a huge battery of lawyers with great delegates, you have big CRs and are of such level.  He gets all this done for them and as soon as they become red and black, the taxes are paid daily, so when they buy the thing, the title is cleared, if anything has been given on loan, then who has told the bank, how many people have they given loan to? They do that, but the economy and England are such where the wealth is so spread out, no one knows how many rights have been created on it, roads have been cut on pieces of the same line, they have also been mortgaged to the bank, let the government know from whom it has to be given and to whom it will give it.  He I am not doing clean work at all, if the intentions of the scoundrels are bad, then you know that when the intentions were bad, they do not want to do clean work, that is why there is shortage of land, despite land being available at many places and then the producers will come.  No, but nothing has been done because that raita then goes into litigation and will go away, hence the products AC-2 AC-3 tier which I call multi-storey premium papad are becoming more expensive. Because you know, the day it was launched, yes, 17 people standing at the WhatsApp station, tell Radhe that 56001 brothers are not made so quickly and then they are taking yours with fresh juice or the first two towers, I will tell you in 4 years, 5 years.  Then I will launch after two years, again in four-five years, if the project will be built in seven-eight years, then the supply can be calculated due to which I am telling you the trend, then you will see because I said. You will see this trend in three-four months, if you want to see it, but Google will tell you what to do, a guru will have to come and tell you, brother, if Google does something like this then Google itself does not know what to do.  You should think, Google will tell you what you exit but what is the trend, I am telling you, then I told you three, fourth, train to BHK is not seen from you now, in the next two-three months, you will see it in which the children will have further pipeline.  Is  I will talk about luxury, 2BHK is not even there, you must have also seen that when Fluorspar also came like in 63rd and 193rd, the inventory of 2BHK is very less in it, even in 3070th it came out, which means if you had returned to the shop then you would have bought 2BHK only on five plots and everything else.  If you take 2BHK and Disit, then I am telling you about three such things which are AC-2 and now you will not come in my mind, I am also telling the reason for this and  If I am not coming, then it will be visible to you, it is okay because the person who is going to become a fast, then goes and applies, if the night comes again, then do it not only on the stage and we will see what is happening, why and if it is, then what is the result. Now due to regulation, if you are getting it full of ad love, if you are within 340 meters distance from the main road, which is your eight serial roll, which is an expressway, which is a main road, then you get fairer up to 3.5.  So in that, if you are getting very high SPR and you will take out 2BHK in that then Affordable Housing Minister will be hit soft introduction then why is the Premier in that then what are you builders doing, they will not reduce the area but they will reduce the number of units. Number of all works can be done where buy small inverters sell 314 and then buy big units big units will come again now in those big minutes I will tell you that the universe will be big the room numbers will increase but  If the size of the rooms will not look big, then the room will not look like this. This room of ours will be very big in the project. The winds have taken it, the rest will be like this. 10:00 am 11:00 am 10:30 11:30 Some room like this.  If you put the wardrobe in one place then the side will run in a single digit, if you do this then that NDA will be visible, still it is fine if you are getting extra of the room, if you are a single person, you are getting some extra of the room.  That is quite big friend, we think of every room according to the double bed. Whatever is going on in the coming times, now the times, the children in it and even underworld speed, if the parents also get to live separately, then the room can be according to their own. Set it at a level that this one snores one he has to watch his whole time he has to watch Aastha channel this kind of his has to do 4 then he has to watch something else his is fine he has to watch the cricket match on TV  so everyone gets rooms  What is the requirement and what is more important than having a big room? Having a room for two years will not matter. Can't have enough. If I get a room of 1414 and have to share, I would prefer a room of 10 2011. According to me, I read TV late at night because it disturbs other people and those who are not married because the children are also 16 years old.  From 12 years to 28 years, they stay in your house every day for 12 years, they also need a room, if there are single brothers and sisters, they need separate things, if two brothers or two sisters also need separate things, then this is the friend who helps you.  A trend that will be seen now is that in the next three to four months, the single job person will lose Gurgaon and other central jobs and jobs, why three or four girls are older and then it will get sour, so the single open single is not this.  Solution: Wife has no job.  If she is earning double income, then Gurgaon will remain in her hands for many days. Okay, I am a brother of 2 inches but the single income which is lakhs of rupees is a particular figure. I have done research and started my real estate course, you can take platinum membership.  Can real estate be something which you have to become petition and request money in this the biggest real estate will become one trillion dollars in the coming 5 years e one india get side trillion dollars  If cent of the GDP is on twenty, then in this, what kind of stock research is to be done by intruding sperm from Khan, Kajaria, how to do Asian paint, how to do Ultratech, how to do, a little how to do, all the education points are telling again.  I am saying that research has to be done like this, there is no talk by recommendation but there is a lot of activity within it, so it is not only about you not physically investing in that house.  So, investment is required, loan is taken, but other activities are taking place according to which housing finance companies are doing it. In real estate, the cost of science for the company looks different from century plywood to you video light fevicol strong joint.  Jyoti Research that you should study very much what I am saying and how to approach them, how to study, how to do education, I am telling you all those things, I will explain them, talk.  There is no recommendation to buy brother, go to sleep, people have taken the conviction, they have to do it, never investment board condition, any guru master can you know, masterji can help you develop a conviction, he can give templates and give a thought process, but it is okay for you to use your mind.  36. Sour things are coming, it is just a little 5 minutes away, the budget of 2030 will come in February, there is something in it.  It has to be Jhingalala, it is the budget before the elections, it is not only real state, it has to do all the things, it has to be, it has to be done by the government, it has not come out and the battle of Virender Sehwag is fine, it is fine and it is people, it has contributed greatly, it has to be done to other countries too.  Ok, there may be difficulty, weakness, real estate, anything and other thing will be there and from that, gender going forward is because of the base rate.  This is called off inflation bass. June-July, August-September of the next year will be the bangle months of the next year, there will be less inflation in them, then a long trajectory will be seen below the interest rate. Right now it is everywhere because the fat is increasing, the rate is fixed, brainwashed. Crude oil is going on. Crude oil is cool and fine till the end. You must have seen that this cement, iron and logistics supply chain got choked because of this.  That was all fine but the builders don't reduce the rates, they increased the rates there by holding their tail, now when all the work is being done then they do n't become begums, you know if the rate increased then it is fine like your maid's salary once.  If you have made 5,000, then you cannot make 4, it is okay, if it is 5, then it is okay. You know that in the other high end jobs, the salary is lost, you do not get into the low end job once you sweep the broom.  The rate of useful labor is known everywhere, then 60 is fine, but in big jobs, there are package systems. You know, the last thing that I wanted to tell you, listen carefully to this, is it okay? Now, in the upcoming projects, the ultra luxury segment.  I am not there, there is a lot of eminent this time, there will be minimum, there will be no such sass and you will feel that man, a year ago, there was so much in it, this is also going to happen now because he will squeeze it completely.  The builder will give you normal specifications, nothing will come from these Dwarka societies and the son will also be there that the basement and all that high speed lip channel will remain but on Monday these projects will come within 10-15 minutes people will say that Anushka rate will be only A and  This will be the choice, then we will say tantrum on that too, this is going to be fun for a minute, this is going to happen, okay, then the density will increase, the size will be smaller, the price will increase, the minute is its mode.  Gives 5 things, the size will be less, whatever the product, the price will not be much, keep the price as Maggi is fine, Maggi of ₹ 10, 100 grams of ₹ 10, I am ninety grams of Maggi of ₹ 10, Maggi of eighty grams of ₹ 10, 70 arrests.  Will go again, will do it again, will not take it down, okay then the size or buffalo will increase more, will not increase due to specific questions, I will say it will decrease a little, that man does not understand, it is taking time.  That's what the sanitary fittings look like, it's completely different, all this and a little bit of subscribe powder, which has been made like it used to be, so there has been an increase of at least 10 cent percent, so nine grams in it.  From 72 to 23 Bhaktar gets some packets of 63 grams. When you write, you do n't know, it doesn't do anything, then you tell me, okay then it will happen this day, there are five of you, how many of the five are there? If I tell you about this hotspot friend, then how many of you and I will do it among the five while falling like snakes from here, that the single job person who I told will say that the grapes will turn sour, he will fall all this. The sky will fall, everything will explode, this is useless Inspector, this is not good, all are thieves, all are side effects, they will have to speak like this, they will have to speak, they will have to say what they will do, they can take it and those who have been window shoppers for 18 years, who listen to the window.  Only this is left, now how will he take the thing that was left to you, the one who has nothing to do with him takes pressure and I comment on you in someone's hotspot and if it increases to ₹ 100 and it increases to 150, then you have to take a clear shot now. Friends, even with Rs 150, he will go first, but it will be taken on that basis, it requires a lot of strength, it is okay to take it, the thought process is okay, so please tell people, how valid is it to agree with that forever sentence petrol, according to me, the next three  Will use it in five months, my job is to come first and tell and whatever I have made, you will see the articles being published in the newspapers because that boy and girl also remain in connection. Hey, give it to the friend, the topic article editor is eating my life.  Okay, I am telling you and you all forward it to me and I will get happiness. This is okay. Tell me about your first astrologer's predictions and predictions getting right. When I come in a month or two, I request you all to say that I do not read newspapers, yes it is okay, I watch the news, this Punit, so you all will tell me whether what I have told you is correct, otherwise when I come,  Then it is very good, it has become better so far, this is for seven, eight, ten months, as told, I have been coming for God since 12:00, 14 months, and come Imran, please toss in the eastern direction, you had told this right there.  This is acid business, if I am asking for clapping, I am asking for life, I am asking for subscription, subscribe, switch on the related, if I am asking for all this, then let me also say that if any of these was seized as it was, then please tell me.  I told you that out of three it became four, do n't tell me that time, I will work harder next time, ok thank you.