Hello friends, I have brought seven things which you need, you stop coming to school, practice kilo and middle class or lower middle class or whatever public, the world has to be aware about these things also, voice has to be raised on many things on social media which keeps raising my voice.  I don't think all this is as important as this. Do share this video with people, share it on groups, make this a topic of discussion. I am bringing such topics, I am very happy because of the feedback.  It is very good that people's genuine pain points are being addressed and along with that, things are being done in schools also, parents need to call out and tell and give date feedback and first of all discussed among ourselves that thing is project work video till end.  Must watch and in the end I am going to tell you a lot of important things. Project work has become a fashion in every class. It becomes less for the parents and more for the parents. There is no creativity in the child. Resources should be saved. Trees.  There is no need to cut down on the environment, bullying is explained in all the schools but it is not applied. Come, Google it, print it out, put a chart somewhere, put this somewhere and that project becomes work. You have no quality and in many places this project is  Work is also sold in the market, classes are not sold, you people are taking it or not, is this a newshunt or not? Whom are you fooling? There is an uproar over the education system. Nothing will happen, you can do whatever you can, whatever position is visible, don't make two project work numbers with your eyes, those numbers will be deducted, which one is your boy or girl with seventh grade marks or which one is looking for a private job? Which one is it? I am going to go. What difference does it make? Project work is a waste of time. Many things can be done in a different way. This is being given in a very rude way. The second thing is that it is being given to small children. Now you ask all the children in school You will say that I take all these things seriously and I audit the schools. Yes, many good schools call me, I tell them what I am doing wrong, then they correct me. Many teachers and principals remain in touch with many people. Why do you have to ask the teacher sometimes? Sometimes you think this because what am I telling you, what is this video, this is what belongs to the school and the people of the school, isn't it what falls on your parents, isn't it the graft, they are the ones who take money and do n't even give anything.  And you  There is an anxiety about service and performance on top of this, I came to Samjhaunga, why does your child have to ask why do you go to the toilet, why doesn't he get up and go quietly, this happens in our school, now someone will write today school, oh brother, out of 100.  Maybe this happens in a school. What are the psychological reactions? These go quietly, even if the teacher says, 'Whoever should go, go quietly, come quietly. Otherwise, all the children will keep going. So what are you teaching the teacher? How can you teach the children inside the college?  When you read, you tell me, if the teacher is teaching properly, will the child keep going? You can't see how many times the child will keep going. No, we would give him a break. First of all, he is not getting a break in the classes and if he is getting a break then it is for the small children.  He can't do timing, he goes when he has to go, he does n't even have to ask, this is the issue you all have to raise, third thing is the abundance of annual function, which means this can be a huge topic and video in itself, which the school students do.  I have low esteem and travel with self-esteem. I belong to the middle class. I couldn't sit and sing a song. I am stage fair. This is something that the schools are exploiting a lot. Your child will neither become a tree nor a moon. Will he have any confidence after going on the stage.  He is not going to come and in the crowd, 50-100 children are seen on the stage and they have to sell their dress, basically an ill-fitting dress worth Rs. 4000, which anyway costs Rs. 200-300.  It is not above 400, it is a straight profit of 2 to 2500. And this is what I am telling for the middle schools, it is okay to double or triple the height and table and then the parents feel that I have to prepare and send them the uniform.  Where will you get it because the school people will give it, yes, all the schools will do it, you just have to give the money, yes print is so good, ok, take the money, ok, your child does not want to participate, does not want to come, why does n't he want to do it?  Teachers say ok, ok then they say ok ok, there will be too much discussion ok, you will have to buy this dress because the reality is right, what are you paying for the dress, it is not visible, it is a gross wastage of time, children are standing in the heat, time is wasted.  It is a small role, it has a role of 12 seconds, it is a role of 18 seconds, all the same, Ram ji is going to become Sita ji, it is okay, so time is wasted, time is wasted and why is it being done because the personality needs to be improved according to the activity.  According to this means, all of you children will become Ranveer Singh and Shahrukh Khan by doing these 12 seconds and 8 seconds roles. Hey in school, make your own club, make a club with tricks, make one with drama which the children are interested in, want to go when forced.  After gathering everyone, then those parents are becoming sour, then there is noise and alcohol, then the auditorium is getting filled up, and the parents who do not participate or their children do not participate, then it is shown like this.  I don't know what you mean, this was casteism in India and they used to do such and such, it is more casteism, apartheid and racial discrimination, I do n't know what to do, it happens with them, this is a huge number, you should not participate in it by registering.  Is it not, then let him bite or let him bite, if one day it happens that he will take ₹ 3000 after giving annual payment and no one turns up for the function, neither does the parent reach for the function, no parking is available after waiting for four hours, why is the parent's paste his garden waste for four hours? Why do you have to go because it is copied from where or in the American movie, our child is participating, I should be given out to support the child and hey, this is India, there is no need of this tent in India too, we have a lot of struggle here, you can pick it up.  My child is doing this, he is made like this, I have to support him, everyone is feeling from inside what I am saying, the specialty of my videos is this, I have not been talking about a few things since March, the things are only what is in your mind.  moving in  Hey but Sharma shy, I don't have the courage to speak, that's all I am saying, did you understand something, did you like it, did you like it, feedback of all the points, two fourth thing, parent teacher meeting, this is the biggest scam, 40 children have been cheated in each one, 280 One day she will suddenly call me and say, ' Your child, your child, come. This is fine but it is not like that of a weak astrologer who does not know astrology and comes looking like this. You work very hard but you don't get the same results as you are. There is a woman in the family who is working hard. You madam work very hard but your family members don't respect you that much. Get hold of a woman, this is applicable to everyone.  Like, he is an astrologer because I am giving example [Music] You also tell me with your hand on your heart or you consider yourself a teacher, friend, how can you remember the performance of 40 children, who are the children?  The one who is brilliant or a big scoundrel is remembered by the middle child, 80% is normal, 5-10% is a little brilliant, 5-10% is a scoundrel, he is remembered only by the one who misbehaves and the one who is very mischievous.  Only he speaks well or is good, he has accounts, numbers, he remembers everything else, middle class is fine, so where are those middle class people from, where are you going from? What is the method, what is the solution?  Yes, I will say that also, I don't say this because many times in parent teacher meeting, parents do not know that husband and wife are both working. If someone has kept a low profile, then it is felt that you do not know about the future of your child.  We do n't know about your child, what fortune tellers do you give him, how many parent-teacher meetings should I attend, tell me, what great thing he is capable of, I see many behemoth mothers, I hear and understand, I now why this number is cut?  That I actually want this and that the teacher should move next means that she is visible, that means 40 children are there to see her and not ours, everyone has got a stall for the rest from 12:00 to 12:30, you are late, you have so much pressure in your society.  I am telling you the solution. Whenever you check someone's answer sheet, the teacher will check his child's marks 50 35 out of 50 48.  Whoever comes, write only two lines on it because you have checked the fresh paper, you know that he is doing well in this thing, he is not able to understand equations in this one or it is organic chemistry week or he is ignorganic or his writing.  Is it bad or are you not able to understand, why can't the teacher write one or four lines there? Very hot blood, very hot blood, man, I will interview you. It's okay, just like an interview is given, then when the child comes in the interview, then write everything at that very moment.  It is set and you have to remember which one was earlier, how which one was, how will you tell, that performance is in the exam itself, that is its reality, what is visible, what is visible there means that good which is as per your report card.  These days, if you see their statements, they are printed like 'So Neha, Rohit' or whatever name of the child, 'Should do this, do that, do that', these are some English words, they have 100 statements like 'Laga Rakhi Hai Ye'.  50 Laga Rakhi is standard, they pick up a cut copy and paste it, in many places there is also an algorithm, for those who have B+, this will be written in English and the name will be changed here, like the email does not come, sometimes it comes in your name, the rest is in English.  If only that name has to be changed there and it is going on, you seem to be studying hard, it is a lot of trouble, will you tell me something? Hey, you need to go after the teacher to know how your child is, you, brother, these daughters.  Son  Son in the house, you don't know what it is, my son, my daughter, parent-teacher meeting, you see how many are held in a year, how many times the father has to take leave, the man has to take it, the man has to go, today's puja is done even among the parents.  You go, you go last time I went to Pooja this time and after going there you see like this, nowadays children come crying in the first parent teacher meeting, okay I am telling you about many years ago, okay nowadays everyone comes happy.  some fake numbers  Hey, go, they send you only after completing good work, they don't give much feedback, okay, so this is a time waste, the fifth egg which is from schools, books, we take these people, these uniforms are taken from us, we will change the dress every six months, sometime here MLM.  Sometimes we will put school's here, sometimes we will put here, sometimes we will put jeep, sometimes we will put jacket, sometimes we will put buttoned one, sometimes we will put this one. Hey friend, how much money will you guys earn, so you are robbing, what is my complaint in this? I am a practical man. These  I am a useless person, I cry and complain to the school boys, you are robbing me, but I give you good things, they are not good to look at, even the money is completely spent and the winter stops in it, my parents send me up, down, left, right, because what happens?  Has n't winter come once here too? You have seen the weather here, sweet winter, pearl winter, terrible winter, then sweet winter, it is the parents who do it, then it is the teacher who beats the child, whether the child is sick from their side or something else, it has nothing to do with you. Why do you make ill-fitting uniforms? If you have to take money, then make them like Karanjhor's movie. Why did you leave them in the middle? You took the money too and that child is also not looking that great, it is not even fitting him.  It is tight that it is this tight, take any number which fits from here, then it will be from bottom to top because you have done some standardization and good, otherwise Maharaj, there is a straight cut system as to who will squeeze how much, the one with the dress will give more.  will give  He is not giving and that partnership gets spoiled in one or two years and then the second one is caught and then the third one is caught and the children keep changing their clothes there. Do you know in India also, parents are normally like this.  Will you take a blazer or something? And if you have two children, brother, we have had two winters, how much should we take for two months, but the school students' way of making it is such that it is difficult to fit in even in the first turn, it is okay that you only take one November.  It's the first of February for you.  I will not let it fit in either. I am fine, this is what is happening, it is not happening, tell me, my imaginary is that of your school, these are your books which are of CBSE, you can do your own setting, it is very principal these days, you know. I have done it from here, he has not done IIT B Tech, he has made some higher match from somewhere else, which means there was not much competition in him, she writes books and says that my chemistry will work, my mathematics will work. My one will do. My one will do. In the school, my one or his is of a different type and you don't follow any standardization that has been done by CBSE and every parent is also like that, we want a very difficult one, we have that one in the school.  If you have a rakhi, then put it in our name, call it 'Manjeet Singh', put different names, it is of Garg Saheb, it is his, it is his name, hey friend, why are you stuck in these chakkarons, you are charging so much fee anyway.  Yes, take it, friend, you are treating the children like this, I am of this nature, you don't want to rob, otherwise you say that you don't like to rob directly, that means you will have to show some reasoning, is n't it okay to rob you, that means, how can they increase the fees like this?  People will ask why should I read it, what would I have said first? He has done this 3D printing. Now the parents will see this in their own time. It seems like some Sufi thing is happening. I don't know, my son is learning coding. Coding should be done now.  Everyone is learning coding, everything is fine in India, all code orders will sit for ₹ 25000, Han code number van on the bar bench, come today, you will get ₹ 25000, if you come to any thing, you can beat it, then the sixth thing I would like to tell you is the internet of live application. Hey brother, the child has gone viral, which medical certificate is there, why are you building a relationship with the children, the child did not come for four days, if he did not come to school, then he did not come, what is the problem with you, did he pay the fees?  No, if you want to say this, hey brother, if the guy is becoming a doctor or an engineer, then it makes sense that you will give him a degree so that he can go and treat people, build bridges, and if he was not even present then how can you give it.  It comes to us too, but if a child of class 6 did not learn it for 4 days and learns Algebra A + b² after four days, then whom will he harm because what is happening due to this, the parents, the child, he is getting cold.  We send those children who are having cough to school and also spread disease to other children. Why do the children come? Because in some irresponsible period, why did you send your sick child to school? Why did you send him just because he might get harmed or else you know?  No, there is no application, why is this child ill, he has not come, he has not come, the matter is over, write the application, tell me, these guys are so rude, as if according to them, nothing else is going on in life outside, nothing is happening, just parents.  Everything  Leaving aside this, he would have cut the check of their school, because great education is being given, the future of the child is there and who knows what is going to happen, today the country is being run by the graduates of Navodaya and Kendriya Vidyalaya who are sitting in position.  These private school people have n't even reached, these schools are open, I will make more videos, I have a lot to make, the last thing I want to tell you is this series of homework, first you tell me, you go to the office and spend eight hours a day, you reduce it. Then even if someone assigns you homework, you get furious, if you have to do a presentation at home later in the night, then how long will you not leave your child? In the name of how much homework is this homework, is this the parent's homework and at what pace does the teacher do it? He has no control, there are 40 children, the last one is totally worthless and the last one is the bottom one and the top one is the topper. You will have to think about something in between them, right? If you keep going according to these top four, who are also coaching.  They also do tuition, they do everything because of the behavior of the teachers and the behavior of the school. Because of this, India's GDP is being destroyed. Because of this, women are not able to do jobs because such a system has been created in the school.  Those who said that if a woman does a job, the child will be of no use to you, this has been made up, no, there is nothing in it, that woman will do the job, will spend her life, will save money, will become something and will buy property, will become rich in the house, these will be in schools.  What is happening is that these 70 marks have come, there is nothing going forward in it, what I want to tell, I will tell these things in more detail, I will do each thing and tell where and how it is rotated, what are the schools doing, what are they doing?  -You have to empower yourself before doing this. Can you create a class WhatsApp group of parents? The school will never let you do this. They will form a parent teacher association. The punch man in it is the parents who fix the maximum of them and the management.  Relatives of only the parents are like this, nothing is going to happen to them, your child is in 6th A, 6th B, studies in 7c, you can tell the child to also take the period number of his other child, the parents of his child. Took the number of, can you make a group of 40 children because you will know the truth, it is happening to your own child, it is happening to everyone, the fan is running inside the school, one is running, one has been installed but let's go.  no fees  Puri is taking the computer key, taking his, taking this, threatening so and so, when those parents are together, they will know what is happening, that this is going on in the space of homework, every parent in every isolation.  It seems that my child is not working hard, my child is an idiot or I do n't know whether I have taken coaching tuition or have studied, the school people are not staying anywhere. If you go to the hospital, if you give money then you would say that this is my patient.  If you don't get proper treatment for it, then you do something. You don't get the property from the builder and create a ruckus. If you don't get it, you go to a hotel to eat food. If you don't get what you deserve, then you say something. School is such a place, not education.  There is such a place where if you don't get results then your own child declares you a fool because he will say, look, it is good to top this, that someone has topped out of 40 and got good marks, whose rocket has been installed by his parents.  hey me  Tell me, if even after paying so much school fees, the parents have to suffer, then brother, there are many other schools, enroll yourself, don't pay fees, hire private tuition, hire a private tutor, then if that is not the environment, then which one do we want?  He needs an environment. In this environment, the child is stumbling with terror and it is lasting because even the teachers who wanted to tell in the mend that earlier corporal punishment was done, it has been stopped from the hands of many people, it is fine, private. In schools, Kamathi was more in government schools, the government closed it, but if the child's parents do not conform, if the child's parents go to do the things I told, if he is a single parent, then his child is given separate psychological treatment in such a way that the child becomes disturbed.  This happens and the parents get disturbed, so these days no one can beat anyone, the police will take them, but the treatment is like ignoring, not giving opportunity, not talking properly, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.  It is okay to get treatment, you understand what I am trying to say, it is okay to treat him like a child, not to give him a chance to speak, he gets nine marks out of 10, to give him 8:30, by feeling like this. Educating these people is also less, which is free for the parents, banana or go on things like this, there is not a single thing among these things which I have mentioned, which you people are not travelling, you parents, whatever traveling is going on. Please tell me whether the seven things I mentioned are being achieved or not. There is no limit on giving homework, you have to conceptualize it, one or two or three questions are given, why did you waste so much time, seven subjects of one subject and all the next day?  They are standing there with a stick that it is not your homework, it is not your homework, you are not worthy of this, you do not like him, it is your fault, where will the child get this fault, then because of him, the wife will have to leave her job, isn't she the one to whom she is the Rakhi?  You have solved your life with pennant, you are educating the child, you are doing such a thing and if you ask them then you are going right after 12th, what is happening, everything is coming, now what should I do, I would like to do after 12th, okay.  There is no college, what should I do, there is nothing left and from here, Allah has created such a thing for them that they do n't know whether it is a school or not, now I am telling you, some name of yours is change school.  The one whose name starts from Delhi is fine, he is fine in Siliguri Darjeeling. The messages I received from many people say because of respect activities and consultation, such an environment has been created there, I am saying by taking the name Siliguri Darjeeling, I am fine and I am getting someone from Siliguri Darjeeling.  If you are interested then please write, the school is not right, it has created such a situation that if your child does not get admission then he will remain illiterate and the parents are like this. This child is killed near the jump, let's go to school, let's somehow create this environment, I will come in more detail on education, I will not leave after raiding, first of all I have made this video, I will tell the summary of it in a short line.  Why did I make you take away, I am gone, did you know that I am ending the power that the school people have over your mind? The day you go out of their power, then this tent of theirs is theirs.  you less  You will say, friend, if you want money, it does not come to you on the day of Annual Day, take the money in your uniform, but we will keep it as per our own, child, I mean, this is such a place because I am passionate about it, because it is such a place that I go to even with money.  It also takes respect, it also takes tension, it also takes anxiety, brother, where I am saving money for something and there I am having anxiety and stress, it justifies it, somewhere I am saving something.  So, I am getting some benefit or my money is also being wasted. If it is going somewhere, then I am getting treatment like addiction sir. Here, I am going in every way, I am worthy of declaring.  Worthless parent, my child belongs to a worthless school and if your child studies in our school, it is a big favor. If you don't like it, then leave, parents. Hey, they are roaming around doing such and such, so helpless. I am middle class or lower class.  Okay, never seen it, never seen it, then it is an IB school, they are rich people, their way is different, Indian education system bypasses us, our child will study here, 32-34 35 40000 fees, then it is outside. Now that program is not a solution because you are already paying so much fees as the middle class is losing its life today. If anyone, if someone's two  You have children and your expenditure is lakhs of rupees. Whatever is the monthly expenditure of ₹ 80000 1.5 lakh 60 thousand, there are only two things maximum in it, one is your children's education and the other is your rent if you do not live in your house and both of these cannot be awarded at all.  So, holding on to both of them, I am going to watch my real estate video also, what should be done and what should be done here, I will tell you in it, but what reaction I get from you people will depend on the content, what will happen next on this.  Aayega will move logically. If you have seen the videos of my middle class, they are being watched very well, there are very good reviews, there are comments, I am feeling happy, so my request on this is please participate by commenting because it is for the creator.  The biggest thing is the good and bad things that I told in it, there is nothing good or bad in it anyway, this is a live issue, I am raising the voice of this that we all have to make it an issue because what will become an issue will affect the public and the politicians.  If it comes in the eyes of the politicians and the government, then only the politicians and the government can do the right thing. The government is also doing it. You have seen it in many places in Delhi and in other places too, there is a cap on the fees, it is there, but it will not be less than that only, the rest is this.  Those who are controlling, they have to be freed from them too, not your child, mine, how does anyone's child feel going to school, we have to discuss about the fees, I did not cry even once about the fees in this one, you saw.  there will be fees I told in this that what is happening in the school, we have to monitor it, put a video and tell, we will definitely grow up a bit, but if we have to enforce it in the society, we have to do it because we are the victims. Expecting that he will do this on everything is absolutely fine in the system there, but the voice should reach in the system, all the people will speak collectively, will do the video, will post it on Twitter, will do everything, only then will it happen that yes, all these issues are like it.  I hope you will be sharing this please give me a feedback and please discuss make parents group whatsapp group please make them thank you