Hello friends, this is a very interesting video, watch it till the end, I will ask you such a teacher, if you have written four out of these 7, then is he for you, you will watch till the end, definitely attend, I will test your knowledge. How much have you watched my videos carefully, whatever I have explained, how much have you delayed in this, this is also a bit difficult, mix and match. First question, what is the population of Gurgaon, November? Talking about 2021, that's not all, so I will tell you what the purpose is, but this cut office will be at 22:00 a.m. Answers of Saturday 2010 came by that time and four are right ahead. I will give them the link of Saturday's webinar at 11:00 am. Those who are interested will also have that test. Four of them are ok. It will be very interesting. That webinar will be very interesting for City Gurgaon.  You will understand well, I will ask some questions among them, you will also understand that another new project is coming in Gurgaon, where is it coming, everyone has forwarded a lot. Land worth Rs 850 crore has been taken, work will start in 2022, there will be very good entertainment and very good things are being made which will be released for the villagers. This is my second and third question. Both husband and wife are working, both are working couple. 30  Both are within % tax slab. Together they buy a property worth Rs. 7500000 in which he gives 80% of it and gives a loan of Rs. 100000.  Let's take six points in 75 percent interest. The question of the month is how many thousand rupees does this couple have in income tax. Comment. What is the maximum combined benefit that both of them can get. I have told you in the set, it will be considered, I will repeat.  Let me give you something in case you get confused in understanding, it is the property of divorce, there is a loan of lakhs, the interest rate is and income tax has to be rebated, how much will both of them together get, the golden equation of one of my real estate is the same as in the question.  The question is, have you seen the video or can watch it by going to the play list?  -Please tell the different answers, what is the premium of Deendayal wala, what is the location of the plot, then in that, Buy Upadhyay plot or buy Deen Dayal Upadhyay floor, what have I told in it that whether the floor will be of Deen Dayal, whether it is 1.1 C, 1.2 C, 1.3 C or 1.4 C, then I have explained the logic well in it, if you are right. If you do, Bijli will be right, otherwise if you rate it four out of seven, then you will get the best opportunity to understand it from one angle or the other in that Ravinar. Question: You have two choices to buy a property that is ready to move in and if there is another similar property then it is worth one lakh [Music] Question: You have to give the full amount in 3 months after becoming a super sister and the last thirty percent has to be given on the position.  So, it will get 4 years time to complete it, so if we have this data and the cost off end, we will take the person with us to know whether you have to take this loan or you can invest that money somewhere else, then you can earn percentage along with it. So, if we go with the cost of A, then which of the two is the battery, this is the fifth question for you. The sixth question comes, yes, the population of Gurgaon [Music] What will be the population of Gurgaon in 2031, what is the expected population, whatever is different -  Think separately, how much is it, you will tell. Seventh question: What is called iron ore, what is its rate today, but if you get the answer in life, then divide it by your heart.  Tell me how much was it 6 months before 5 and you will have to tell two prices. Present price in this country means 5 more months may be a little up or down. Tell me your price 4 months ago. Tell me how much was it at 5:00. So this is my seventh question.  There will also be a bonus question, I am asking, even if answer four is correct then it will still work. The question is that too less but what is the difference between equity and real estate which we cannot use in equity and  Growth Before that, how many returns did we get in Kuti but not that much and what is there in equity? Is there one thing which we can use? Good returns to you. Those who are connected with me will give it directly to me which is the address. Looking forward, watching for the first time, this is my WhatsApp number which will be given below, I am on it at 8:00 ok number wise 1234 5678 will you answer me if there are 4 rights which major teacher will check.  I will also tell you all the right answers that even one of yours is right now. If you know the answer then it will be beneficial for you and you will not meet before that and it is a request to all of you that do not write the answer in the comment section because then they will see each other.  It will be seen that you do not write the answer in the comment section, you can give the answer to me only on WhatsApp. And how did you like this format because it creates awareness for the audience?  I want to do a good level webinar, it is free of cost but there is interest in it, we will understand the things like academy, we will know that you all are connected with that [Music] With this, you will understand some of your calculations, you will get some method because gradually.  Now I want to take you people to that level of how things are found out, how things are understood, after making school friends, they forget those things and why that knowledge does not have that much value, then like this  Teacher, I have made this video for the first time in this format. You guys please like it for this very reason. Share it with as many people as you can. You can add subscribers. Jolie D. Watch the forward from the subscribers. There is a request from us, please play list.