Hello friends, that is an interesting topic. I have brought seven factors of government job which I will demystify. I am bringing clarity and audience to a plant of opportunity for middle class upper middle class group who are working in government job or non-government job.  This is for those whose children are preparing and its purpose is to give you an idea of ​​where the direction of government jobs is already going in the next 3032 years. I will have a rich one in which I will cover three points, keep subscribing to your groups till you get very interesting, absolutely very good quality from this, I am definitely subscribing to you guys, my aim is that people who are an option or equivalent on the group themselves. And those who belong to the upper middle class, those who belong to the middle class, can bypass it even to send their children to apply for government jobs, why in their practice  I will discuss it and in the summary I will tell you three points about it, first of all, it is considered to be the best point of a government job, it attracts everyone, but also a little but you have to check that if you get a job, it is stable.  But what is the stability of that person? Repeated postings, don't forget the same cement and carrying tax toll, moving children to different places in schools again and again, toll from tech, your wife gets tired mentally after one stage. Physically, she grabs a corner, like if there is a job in Haryana, someone grabs the Chandigarh side, someone has to grab the Gurgaon side, and people keep doing up-downs. Similarly, those from the Central Government also grab a central place.  And the husband keeps going up and down somewhere, this is the truth of life, it never brings happiness in life, so this is not stability at all, it is about job, not about life, this is a fact, the second point is social status, social status, government. Another 2 years of Servant is going down slowly but steadily, you all know this, Lal Batti took anything, slowly, slowly, all the people in the department know that decision making was done at noise level, which is social test in Rocky.  The original people who were there are becoming very less. Including the top IS, how important are the top Tamils, their numbers are also becoming less. Lateral entry has started.  Is at Joint Secretary level and social status is not going to be updated, noise on this situation is slowly but steadily going down, when will the jobs of New Magic Navami go and who will go to India for money, if food, clothing and shelter will become soft, then this is a government servant background.  Going forward like it is in developed countries where you go to you government job does not even come in the top 10 in the expression Moving in direction comes the third thing which attracts people a lot, B. Study Income, that world starts on this date, on the last date of the month, an SMS comes, Rs. 100 is credited in your this bank, it gives a little relief, okay but just fat.  Same thing comes, you can't get any other side and can't do any work because your service is not on Russia, none of your assigned talent, any thing can be monetized. You have to be deprived of many things because of the above charity, Bigg Boss, your job which is in some other far away place since you are not staying in most likely in metro tracks, brigades broken all the time in institutions, government job,  Opportunity cost is very high. In terms of investment, which could have been done with knowledge. Due to living in a city, the fourth Chitaura topic comes which is recommended. Even if you are a government employee, you can get a recommendation or you can get such benefits from it, the technology that is coming now is causing so much redundancy in government jobs that going forward most of them will welcome just monitoring tools for the government.  The policy was nothing and the water system was that we made the settings, did it here, ate and drank something there, it is slowly and gradually coming to an end, now obviously for any youngster, that is someone like that.  There should not be any reason for taking a government job but this fifth and fourth reason is that it is nothing to create a partition which becomes liquid in the marriage market. This government servant is very important in the marriage market right now but going forward this has to be reduced. Its revision is that  Importance is also because the job is fixed, if you live far away, then you will get relief from living with your mother-in-law. Look, everything is going on like this, marriage is government and Sans is fine, so Sangola is fine like this, so it was 161 but today.  Girls are realizing that they don't get the planets as per their wish, if the girl in the marriage is also a government servant, then you will keep posting the location for the whole life so that we can be together, we can live together sometimes and some other man.  Also, you will have to sacrifice your support, support sacrifice has also come, you will have to sacrifice or else the lady will have to make the same compromise with LEDs. Same is the case with those who do government jobs. You guys have agreed to so many points so far due to compromise. Please write so that those who are government servants will themselves tell the children who are not coming that the action will be taken. Truth be told, there will be clarity for the children because the thieves are the ones doing the coaching. And those who are printing on this for government job are showing all this hype and this stuff that you will get power, you will get the power, this will be the government job in the beginning, that is the preparation, the power is not there, I am not getting this power.  to meet  That I don't know what was shown in this, it is okay and that celebration is like a government job, so for him it is as if everything has happened just after getting the job, now different people have taken government jobs, what is the big deal?  According to me, you have got the job, you need to celebrate it so much, because if you are celebrating so much, then that's it, after that, all the IPS, UPSC and other government jobs come out, then there are interviews for 2 years.  They keep giving questions about how we got selected, which subject did I choose, which one should you choose and everyone says that I did not take coaching, I did my own preparation, this is also the same and the same people who give coaching make them clean by posting photos.  If you keep doing it, it was taken from me, it was taken from me, it was taken from me, it was taken from me, so this is a chapter, marriage is also ahead, there are many obstacles in marriage, especially if a woman should do the job, it depends on the location.  The sixth point is that I am interested, there are a lot of stagnation techniques in government jobs, there are hierarchical organizations that the way India is growing today, no person wants to stagnate, this three percent increment will be given on July 1, all of them should not remain if  People die because of its many facilities, if there is a government job, then that one from inside gets a job in the fair, he gets a job, then all the departments also take jobs, you should know this. That from you the police caught a blind, sheepish special, who does not know everything in the group, everything can be known to them, everything is fine, let's go, it's fine. When this happened today, mining companies used to extract mining oil from inside it. They did not earn money. Who made the money? What I commented is that today money is spent on coaching. You go to a government job, I train you. Very good people have given government jobs. There are less jobs in India. There are more takers. Message to everyone.  Send me that I will recommend you, if you hold your job then you have to select one in the neighborhood of 500 children, only then you will have six people to subscribe to the channel and each soldier, although this was the last one.  Point one comfort is set, hate government job, that too goes, all these points are there, this point is still true even till today, but what is the direction that if you are getting a job today, you have to do it through this channel.  Now there is peace like taking milk is a small thing, the government gives you a lot of holidays, but when you get a holiday, what else can you bring with you, how much planning can you do if you cannot book your ticket 3 months in advance and you tell me the government  No matter how many servants you are, you cannot book tickets 3 months in advance. What is the rate of plane tickets? You can't go but you can't even plan. There is no security. If your support securities are fine then you don't even have security. So I  I would like to summarize like this, I would like to summarize like this, my points are, first of all, the middle class ninth class science should bypass all the jobs and leave the lower class play, keep the maximum as it is, there is also a text within our group, 50 cents for reservation.  If there is 10% economic recession, then 60 cent reservation is the same, so in this case the matter is already very tight, so now you have to box the scooter in it.  The thing is that when the government was very valiant, it was during this period that it was becoming a very tough task-master. Training and first government is very liberal. Okay, government job is fine. I have forgiven someone. Now the government is becoming smart, which is good for the country.  A good father for a fun citizen, but if you are thinking that there will be an ad for Aryans here, I will work. If I get a government job, then brother, you are not going to make appointments like this, Saturday and Sunday are also work.  There is work even on holidays, you will get targets, you will learn to do all the corporate work in the same way, you will also get complete explanations, there is transparency and your monitoring will be done because of technology, which has come less than welcome, even more transparent as to who did how much work, real-time check.  This can be done, a meeting can be held at any time, it can be uprooted at any time, control can be tightened, so now in this, my friend, I want to tell you the last point that you are the one who has the most advantage over others.  The child of the middle class has to prepare for the new magic Navami by using his Ka Ayyappan to be relaxed and as much space as this one has, fold it for the lower class because if the child of a peon of a rickshaw puller becomes an opportunity, then his  There is direct development in the society, there is an opportunity in the group, if the son becomes a group, then it is something, but if it is not written anywhere, the IAS officer's virus, the officer's child is one of the big things, then it is printed in the news that  How many aartis have been performed by this house of a porter of a rickshaw puller, of a poor family, of a farmer, if you know in which direction it is going, then it is something great for you, I will give you a big example of this if you have an option on your group.  If your child gets selected in Group B, then you will be happy now, whereas the group also has its own different post. People are dying for Group B also, there is a lot of competition and there is a lot of leptin, so which  He is coming from below, from the lower class, even if he becomes a chat group C, there is an increase for that, but you are already here, you are not even applying for this post and if you are applying here, then from seven  If eight years of your life are spent in this, then you will be deprived of what else you could have done, so take it differently, whoever you were watching all this, which I told you all from the justice point, then this is a factor.  which forces you  What should be done is that if you are 21, 22, 23 years old then you should commit murder because of too much preparation for government jobs, but still if you have given the exam and you have 5 years of cutting then now you are a lost gambler. How to play in casino, how to make others happy, how to study, sometimes how to do extra C, how to do modern history, tell me Indian history, pick your subject, make your own videos, make your own money.  Earn because the coaching people are earning so much money just for training, I will make you earn this much money, so whatever I hop into this, it will be taken pragmatically, it will be taken in this way, it was the third that will be taken like this video.  This video will not be taken like this and why are you doing this, why bad, we had many children, there is no need to sacrifice life for the search appointment property and what is worshiped too? I told the audience to you all for the first time.  I had made it clear that I am this fertilizer for the audience, so if the children are watching or friends are watching this app, take a call on these people who know what job they did 10 years ago and how much of us are there today.  Change: Many of the works that are being done today could not be credited were meaningful only 2 years ago. Well, some such works can also be done, so what is going to happen in the next seven-eight years, that too cannot be credited, it is nothing. Jobs  For traffic is changing and how to earn money in it. If you want then please write in the New Magic of Beam comment section. Ok then I will tell you what is the difference between creating waves and what is the difference between creating waves and coming.  Back to welcome rich and wealthy and use this system subscribe now for money and time for money and great going for best but there life in this coming from Hundreds of years of clans is a very good thing for him but if your father was there and you are also doing maximum then your family has this kind of information please use it by writing in the comment section and share it or like this channel.  If you haven't subscribed, please subscribe. Thank you.