Hello friends, wish you all a very happy Diwali, this Diwali I have brought the test and process of wealth generated in creation, listen to the first idea with Kayasthas about renewable energy, subscribe and give what we have, now it is going to go from 200 to 500.  This additional charge is a lot of wealth creation left. Secondly, I like this glass Meghnad, I like it, see, it is ₹ 93.  Indians Will Acid Glass: Heating inside this microwave, drinking water, drinking cold, if it looks good then there is one thing, I feel that it will have traction from late till next Diwali, what happens before telling the third thing, I will request the audience of today.  Whoever you are watching this video, increase my one subscriber today on the occasion of Diwali. After watching this video, it could be someone from your family, a close friend or if you subscribe.  Don't do it, it can be anyone, only one and those who increase can write in the comment section plus one plus two plus three, those who increase can write that much, this brings me to my third point. Learn to ask is the biggest thing for wealth creation.  The thing is to learn to ask but before that the condition is that the next person will have to give you value. You cannot ask for something like that at the traffic signal when the servant asks for it, this one is also a blessing, the answer is dependent.  And what is your A profile? You are a 25-26 year old boy, you will get a very good bride, okay if there are too many, your children should serve, they have their own template, they give a feeling, when they ask for it, which we call literally, that too.  If it adds value before giving, then you have to learn that there is no hesitation in asking. Like I have now asked you all for a subscription. Whoever you have seen, can you see the hesitation on my face? You do not hesitate because you  You are confident that you will add value to their life and on your own strength, you ask for something. Many of us hesitate before asking because we do not have the capability to give something to the next person or if we have the capability then we  I feel ashamed that you take this from me, you pile me up, this is also a big mental mental block, this Diwali you have to get out of this mental block, from which you can ask for anything, I would have played any role without being tied to the role. Requested you all to increase one subscriber today on the occasion of Diwali, no matter how many 5 10 20 you have increased in my past, if you like the content then please increase one subscriber. Now I come to the fourth on Real Estate Will Create Will.  Right now people are not approaching it properly, I have two videos on this and there are two concepts that when you buy property, you should either buy cash low positive or buy time list.  Apart from these two, I am buying something else. I will come up with videos on them in the coming time, which will give clarity again. Never buy property to impress anyone, if any of my relatives will come, that is fine brother, where do you live, is that your clipping?  It happens that you will not get returns as per your will. A video has been made on It's a timeless property. It has its own concept and is a pure investment, so it should be positive. It is expected that the head will be appointed in a little less than two-three years.  If you go, then take care of this thing, it is wrong for the real estate, it has started reducing the fourth thing of the people by half, it has not allowed the police station in-charge to be appointed, all of you, do not forget to relax and subscribe, whatever your department is, it is sucking our blood. It takes a lot of vibrancy towards giving work to people, so it is a big Rajiv, those people take their lunch on date and those who are your seniors are a little senior or they are grinding like you, they are butts.  Not will happen very quickly because the digestive power is called Agni after 2.15 due to the Sun, which goes down on you. Many people do not rely on Twenty-20. Badly, it starts getting fat. And in the party, understand.  It doesn't come after that that what is happening, food at 3 o'clock, food at 3:30, food also being launched at 4 o'clock, then you have to see this thing and if you add spice to it, it will be very difficult for many people. But whose wealth creation is easy? It is not easy. Whatever I am telling you is not simple. But not a second one. Add some spice to it. If you can take 20 to 25 minutes, you can sleep, relax, close your eyes.  So you and stand basic, this is only on Monday and pimples and on that basis, after eating food, if you can take some rest for 20 to 25 minutes and measure them on daily basis, so very much.  Productivity will increase after that if mine remains removed then keep track of your time. We are using our time a lot. Many people take our time. When you are young like Winters and Ali are in their thirties, it is a very hard lesson to learn.  Seeing from CEO RT G S S Y Qureshi, you give your time to many people, don't feel bad, it may be your relative, it may be an old person, it may be a senior citizen, in his talks you are forgetting yours. Whoever is telling stories to you is only telling his stories to you, in which we are the tech for you, you should not give your time to such people, even if someone steals your money and takes away ₹ 5000, you pay a lot of attention to that.  That you have taken my ₹ 100, the clever one is charging ₹ 50 more, but you have to see when corn takes time from our life and the seventh point comes, add 3 to 5 people in your life who are more than you.  Intelligent  They seem to give you clarity and give you such an energy that you feel positive. It could be anyone, it could be at the workplace, it could be in the family, it could be in distant relatives or it could be virtual, it could be on YouTube too.  It is possible because when there is too much confusion in our life, that confusion takes away our vitality and reduces our life force and you must have also seen that when you are not able to decide about something, you are not able to understand then man.  of  There are energy levels, they are quite drained out, so people 383 people this Diwali in your life if clarity of purpose and take off three people take off three people bane se absolutely to bhatt them spend time bane this a lot note this  Movement: You have to remove those three who create confusion in your life. Whenever you want to do something, they will create doubt in it. There is a worse thing than this.  Long this person will give me a solution that if you find this problem in this then you should also see this thing, then all these things related to the person who is giving you some security, all the things which I told here are very simple but it is a little easy to do.  No, please do and subscribe a channel that I have asked you guys, please give it and you will see what difference it makes by asking for live 16.70 subscribers, that is you when this video  If you look, you will see the figure and by the evening when you get used to it, then see if there is any benefit of asking. It will be seen live. Also put in the comment section that I would definitely benefit from asking for these three things. The end is up to you guys, how much benefit would you provide.  There are 16.7 subscribers, you must be seeing this video as if it is being shot. When you are watching this video, there are 15.7 subscribers. I have made a request to you guys and if this  Successful is the experiment which is explained in life. You people are getting to see through me, so you people should also apply in your life, Learn to Ask, Land was produced from Meat, Alcohol and Values and Values, I am from Eating it Tomorrow Onwards.  You must be seeing a rain, you must be feeling it in the videos, the freshness will increase, very subtle aspects will be covered by this higher order. Thinking will be fun, job series will go on, marital series will go on, family will go on directly, all these can be added to my play list soon, money minded, the bullet will go on, and the rest of the real estate business will continue, so Explorer Channel Share It Like It End  Subscribe button: Whoever subscribes can put it in the comment section below and in the comment section, he has a telegram group which is a normal subscribe and he is lucky to have a premium on it. I also opened a Telegram group for normal subscribers, through it you can join. Questions asked on Telegram. Questions asked through Telegram are promised to be replied within four hours because WhatsApp gets too large and starts hanging. Finding Difficulties.  You can also ask on WhatsApp and time will be more on WhatsApp so request is on Telegram if you can come sorry still very good thank you and wishing you again and  Love you very very happy and prosperous diwali thank you