Hello friends, I am taking my popular series job series forward with this video. Those who have not seen the videos till now must watch the series. In a very subtle but concrete way, I am taking them to the level of freedom from job. Till now I have told the thing.  There was no but we are going on that in this video I am making today, you have to watch it till the end and I am going to give tips for sure, for all the employed people, there is any kind of job, from government to private job.  have a job to have a job  If you want any, then it is okay, then you should listen to this video in a topic and subscribe only. You can tell the number number number 6 openly in the comment section. But if you adopt these tips in your life, starting from wherever you see the videos.  Within 3 months, something will start happening to you from within, clarity will start coming from within and after following it for six to eight months, it will make a lot of difference. The first tip coming for you is that Leave the sycophancy of your boss, of your organization, of your seniors. Now many people say that we don't do it. If we do n't do it then stop fighting with those who do sycophancy. Maybe till date I have not found anyone who does not indulge in sycophancy himself, mostly.  So it happens that the young man does not give them. There are two types of people. One can do sycophancy, you subscribe, those who are not able to do it, do not know how to do it, the second series is located in the second category.  The third category is that they make it clear that we believe in work, we claim money from those areas, people are not strong even in Bagh, people are basically irritated by those who are going ahead in short term by sycophancy, so I want to tell you all about sycophancy.  You should search, I am not putting quality in it, I am not a moral science teacher, I do not talk about morality, now I talk about clarity, if there is benefit then it should be done, something is fine and there is no benefit.  So you should not do it, there is no benefit in it in the short term, you feel benefit in it, if you look at the relationships or input output, then no, let me tell you the reason for this, today it is okay, your own capabilities go down by sycophancy, you will definitely lose in the game in the short term.  When you are doing good nomination at that time with that boss in the setting of sycophancy, then the eyes of other people are here and as soon as the time changes, you see the Indian cricketer rotate, which changes the system.  Had the system changed at the top, everything would have been marked at the bottom, then what is called in the language of Haryana can be used to cut a man, a man, always mind your own business, do not indulge in sycophancy, do not do other very important things in your job, people will give you system and edition. That give me blood and I will give you freedom, that feeling from every section of the city at the time, as if if I get it, then you will definitely subscribe, you will not get it, okay, so if this thing is becoming golden after Ghr Ghr, then another 40 If you are fired from the job, it will be 50 per day, even a little bit is fine and if the note is on 9 inches, then you are on six, look at your fast, sometimes 65th goes, sometimes he goes away as Shyam, sometimes when he comes to sixty, a little more force. After investing, do not go below sixty five percent from sixty five percent, otherwise you will have to hear a lot of wrong on cement, you yourself will not like that you are getting money, you are getting salary, you have to give justification for that also which is salt.  And if you say this, then don't go and you will be fired from Twitter job. It's okay, don't go even at 6. If you want to keep me out, then I am saying sixty-five. If you stay in the middle of 6570, then it is like a car, its best KPL.  If you get Barnoti, Mexico mileage, then you will also be on sustainable mode, after that you will get a space in your mind, you have to master that for yourself, I have told you the network system on the network. Tell me more. Ultimately, like the balance sheet of a company, start paying attention to yourself as well. Learn yourself now according to some mind, so that you can become the controller of your life only when those who are working at 60% of the job.  But they work, there was nothing left in their life, neither is it a relationship, Babu, how much money would come in the prescription? They are walking on a blind treadmill, when they try you too on the treadmill, you will do it once, you will come, neither will you think.  No  You can because just as you thought that you will fall, now you are completely in it. Okay, so the peace in life is in walking comfortably on the beach. 66.50 The car will hit me and if you are thinking something in your mind, then excise is also included in it.  The body is also fine, it is being taken care of so that you get to think. My videos are getting deeper, so I will not explain too much in details. If you want, I will definitely tell you.  Third thing, do n't be too open with your boss and the police. People tell you everything. My mother and father are like this, she has problems even the dog, this is the child, my wife actually works, this is what you are telling about your compulsions. You will add this in your lips, if you find more friends and live with them, then today you will get to learn something from the same [Music] Subscribe to Subscribe Don't forget to subscribe to my house and Subscribe Maybe they will definitely like it but the more sycophancy you do, the more you will get into the job, even after BTS you will think, get an extension for 2 years, then work for five more years and if you do n't know what else is happening in life, then this thing.  Don't do such things at this time, no one is telling you to leave the job, leave it completely, don't leave anyone like this, there is a queue to get a job, absolutely do your job, it is okay, next point, fourth point, do the job.  Not Working in a Very Effective in Not Organization Where Will Always Wanted Most Wanted Veer Way From here it fits in all it's very very easy. If you are doing a work which someone else can do, in such a situation, you can sneak in and take it.  You will see that yours is not much, now there is no need to be stupid and rude to send a quote, you should have some domain knowledge expertise which  You have him, then he has the company and all the work, subscribe to you, this is a 1 minute team from above, subscribe and subscirbe [Music] Like me, wasting time in things, not talking to useless people, work from work, it means appointment quality to a tiger. That edit them for motivation in Bermuda Motivation that motivation demotivation is an option in itself to increase it doesn't matter you have to learn in life what you like, you don't have to do that, you have to do that  What needs to be done is ok or I have a very big contact. There is a video, I will tell it, I will tell you everything again. I should catch this thing so much today, find merchant real life that I like. Ok, what needs to be done, not waste time.  In your life, there were some injuries, there were some tips, there were some match winners. Fifth, if you were insulted, if your boss does that animation thing to him, then you should not do this, that's why it is heave to wear.  The Price of Related Trying to Meet from Such a person would have given you half of it, even if he was at fault. We in normal India, if it was our fault, we would have listened to it and we were taught that the punishment we have received is commensurate with  It is very possible that if Bigg Boss is a crime then many of our parents scold us for committing small mistakes even in childhood because it leads to further frustrations in their own lives. When I was there, I will shift to the series on Job, Any Relationship, and I am giving certain points but basic health tips to all the people, this is not tolerating BJP, whenever you are the one, you are with that person, when we asked, why did you do this?  He said, why did I tell you in front of everyone? Why didn't you come and tell me in private? Why didn't you tell me politely? Whenever you are insulted, you should write about it directly. According to the data, if I was disrespected, it happened in the job too. Not for you, the next point is respect in job, both the deep matters are to be pressed, do n't take pride, don't forget, don't forget, you should always know, nine crore jobs in idiot, this is just for you to release, remember this point on your topic that If you do a job for the sake of respect, then if I don't get it, then you will do it on the basis of respect. You can get a very clear job like this while doing a job [Music] So subscribe and everything is going well. That's why you are yourself, if you are so good then you are doing someone's job, Nitin Yadav, that day there will be a fire to know something, to do something and to go to that part, there will be a fire and I will present the match from the last point.  7.6 Important deep point which I have kept for you, there is fear of losing the job at home, there is fear of being insulted, there is fear of not getting promotion, do not run away, live with this fear and walk within this fear because every stage is just a transfer.  In  They will come that she has been transferred, she has a bra, I have no promotion, she also lives through all these backs, those who do jobs, if it is okay among you, then if that fear remains, it will burn you, only then you will move towards freedom, otherwise.  You will go towards sycophancy that what I am is uncertainty, this is actually me, if I sycophant to the boss, then I am coming, yes, I do this to someone, the robber will know about the promotion in some era.  I am bowing down before that if I do a job then I will not be insulted because we are afraid of it. That bag of analysis is there in the palace of analysis. Live in the daily bank and trust that he will remain in the job only when he moves towards entrepreneurship.  The blog is going stupid, in a job where you work for 18 hours, you work for eight hours and even in that, if you work out to do audit, then whatever is the purpose of your job and government job, then two.  You must be doing it for two and a half hours because you can't even suppress it, you don't know how to do that much, you become a superpower and the work is done, one you are you think you are in this and writing something and calling skin is the same work, the rest of the time waiting for submitting is not from  Them top officials will come in the meeting will start and this is the travel responsibility What is the real life and how many hours of work is done in the comment section which is time wasted because We are the system itself, it is not an organized subscribe, so you have to see that if you are hiring or if sources are to be believed then interested people can write subscribe The Channel subscribe, but which of these directions are you going to do now? My device is fine.  If you have any then please write in the comment section that I am a doer and will be different from those who want to take membership then you have to press the join button, a lot of things are happening on it.  What is happening to the market of real estate and this is what is happening to the market and in this media understanding series page 5, I will launch a related course, there is a separate video on it, water facility will get for becoming platinum members, so if you want to become a platinum member.  A VS Much More Value for Your Time and Money Notice of Membership Join me on WhatsApp Subscribe to