Hello friends, there are seven things I will tell you about your bedsheet. It may seem like a very basic thing but it will bring happiness and peace in your life. It is very important to implement these seven things. These men who are seeing this, do not think that my department is not only about you  Women have to come, many times they are not able to do everything, so women have to forward this to their wives and also implement it themselves, let's start, the first thing is, after how many days should the bedsheet be changed in your house, minimum three, maximum three days, from three days  Do not do much, it is a game of energies, it is a game of dirt, it is a game of sweat, feeling good Vaastu is a lot evolved but bedsheet should be changed in three days i.e. minimum twice a week, I am saying minimum twice if someone can do it thrice  In a week it's a very good thing, okay but you have to do this, second thing is that you should not use dark coloured bedsheets. There was a time when there were no washing machines, bedsheets used to be a big thing and that was for women.  I had to wash myself, I had to use soap  We had to take it out from the water and dry it, so as a country it was very difficult, now washing machines have come, we do not need to keep dark coloured ones, we need to keep clean bedsheets, so they are light coloured and they will be visible and anyway we need two-three  If you are changing it during the day, then there is no problem in it. Please do not keep bedsheets of dark colour. The third thing is, when you buy bedsheets, buy pure cotton ones. Make sure to buy pure cotton ones. The bedsheet should be soft and should be of pure cotton.  In order to gain weight, people buy small things thinking that it will not tear and will last for long, minimum 8 hours for you, otherwise some people spend 12-14 hours in bed depending on what is at home, if you are working from home then sleep for 8 hours. Apart from Sana, it is also 12 hours, some women spend 14, 15, 16 hours, it is very important, so you should do this thing, the fourth thing is very important, it causes irritation somewhere in your mind On this thing and this will be enough for you, look at the size of the bedsheet, normally the bed is around 6 by 62 feet depending on the mattress and nowadays those mattresses come in minimum 4 inches, 6 inches and 8 inches.  So the size of the bedsheet should be such that the entire bedsheet is laid like this, then comes like this and then gets tucked in and even after being tucked in it goes 56 inches inside, so for that you will have to take a size of 8 feet into something like this, people take a smaller one in this  And those bed sheets are cheap and then they always keep coming out from one side. If this is happening to you brothers and sisters in your house, then I will not give you the advice of 10,000 things in your life. Logic, this is a very big source of irritation, I am telling you.  Because of this many things, why, how, what science, we do not leave these things, if we believe then it is Ganga Maayya, otherwise it is flowing water, it is your wish, but this irritation is too much, we catch it at the irritation factory itself, there are a lot of other things too, many things to me  I have to teach very well in November  Happiness course is starting in mid, my iconic course A2 WhatsApp will be there for 2 hours, you will get to learn a lot in winter, it will be like this every week, it will happen every 15 days and learn very good things throughout winter, don't know what all you will learn, the fifth thing is bedsheet  There is something called thread count on it, it is visible on a good bedsheet or whenever you go to buy a bedsheet, if you did not know about this term, many people might not know what is the thread count, do not buy a thread count less than 400, what is that thread count  It happens that how many threads are being done in that inch, it should be minimum 400, that will give that finish, that class, that look and it will come, people buy as per the rate, this discount is going on, it is cheap, Diwali will come soon, one after the other  You will give me nonsense, small in size, useless, thread count, rough and looks very cheap, they are cheap for a reason, they cry expensive once, they cry cheap again and again I am only telling you the criteria clearly, I am not saying that every  You have to buy 10 bedsheets in a month, buy a good one, it will last longer, it will look good, it will be of good quality, it will feel good as well, so make a thread count cut off of 400, now when you go, you will be surprised to say that I  Were you managing with the one for Rs 200 or the one for Rs 300, then when you buy the one for Rs 400 or more, then you will know the difference, so this is the sixth important thing you should do, there should be bedsheets of every person's choice in the house, like  If you have kids, then when you take them along, make them choose the one they want, the one with Mickey Mouse or something like that, meet other criteria like thread count, bedsheet size, colour, etc. Kids anyway have a bit of vibrant colours. Some bedsheets should be as per the children or the husband, some should be as per the wife's choice, as per her colours, this was the sixth point, now the seventh point, some of the interior designing will be included in this but this also  This is a very easy point, you can do it easily, the colour of your bedsheet should match with your cut somewhere or some part, if I explain it in a more simple way then there are two kinds of colours, warm and cold, if you have a little idea  So if your curtain is warm and of a warm colour then use bedsheets of warm colour too. If it is cold then it should match a little with the cold colour. But many times people have no idea and buy bedsheets with a different mindset.  I have done it separately, if the match the following happens then it happens, if it doesn't happen then it may not happen with me, it is going on like this, I cannot get you the complete Vastu course done with that also, it is okay here, so with a little hint it is cheap  I am giving you this good knowledge for free, adopt it comfortably. When you make these changes as many as you can, you will enjoy productivity a lot from it, you will feel it in the coming time, brothers, sisters and lovers of such videos  If yes, then petrol never runs out here, okay, I will keep coming, okay, I will keep coming, a few likes, good comments, good feedback.  ok, you did not say anything that involves the expenditure of thousands, lakhs and crores, you did not say anything that you cannot do, this is lethargy, the family in which lethargy is going on, yes, they are not doing it for weeks, I will see the bachelor, why is the situation so bad  Their bedsheets are not changed for 15 days, it is not for 20 days, it is not for a month, you can see the condition of the hostels and don't make it like this by going here and there, you are right, that means keep bedsheets of dark colour or on that side  The dirt is not visible. Hey brother, it should not be of dark color. It will absorb all the creativity, productivity, happiness, peace, it will suck you out. Don't wear that. I like dark color very much. Then we are talking about why I like Happiness Course 2.  You will be told that if it looks good then it should not look good, you will be told why it looks good, it is okay and it should not look good, if it looks good, the dark chocolate curtains are looking good to me, now again it will become long, I will be attracted towards the curtain  I will go but these are basic things  These are the basic things, how should the curtains be, should the light come in, should it stop completely, should it come out completely, there is a lot of clarity beyond that too, this can be a very big topic in itself, but thread count, I think may be a new thing for some of you  if not most of you 400 should be the cut off that is what you should do and happiness course to start in mid november iconic course whatsapp2 to ni diya number to register for it thank you very much