Hello friends, family series video number 10 is going very well. Family series nine videos have been highly appreciated. Today's topic is a dialogue of parents who does not talk to us or does not talk to us. The topic is so much for your child who is an adult kid, small child.  So everyone talks about the one who is working, is married, has children, so it is going to be very free, it is going to be very interesting, post it on your family groups and discuss.  Smile, laugh, like, or even if you don't like some things, then look at them in a pragmatic form of introspection. It is okay to look at them with a big heart. All the people are there, this is mine, that is mine, I find the topic interesting, I bring such topics, if the topic itself seems interesting, then this is it. Please like, you guys have a lot of families, now I am addressing the generation from 30 to 45 years, the generation from 25 to 45, have you seen that this one is big?  It is written above that the bitter truth is bitter, the advice of the parents seems bitter but the will of the parents seems good, this is the only message, it is okay and such messages come which take you so emotionally that you have to put it in the terminal.  The message is that the generation above them, between 55 and 75, 80, is enjoying it very much, it was made for them and they are quietly forwarding it.  It's okay, you are silently forwarding it to the world, so today I would like to tell you that I have brought seven points that why don't you talk to me brother, it's okay and in this people agree, disagree, this is for everyone, seven discussion points, it's okay.  So the first thing is to see whether you are friendly with children or judgmental or bitter, this is a basic thing whenever you talk to children, this is a basic thing, yes, you have a friendly nature, you have an equal nature because  They are also married now, they too have grown up or you have now put your pedestal too high, parents will always be above no matter what happens, but have you made them too high, too high, because absolutely God.  Will take you to the level because that article also goes on, people like this, then there will be only that many darshan types, not many people even talk to God ji every day, they just have darshan, Namaste once in the morning after waking up and taking his name or sometimes-  someone went away sometime in the month Vaishnav Devi goes once a year, so one thing you have to see is where you are taking yourself, if you bring yourself down a little, then these things will happen, so the first point was this, the second is whether you are taking your children.  They are just telling their success stories, successes, especially career stories, tell me what you have done, your grandfather did not have anything, this is how it went, mother tells me stories and mother tells me other stories. Mom, you were in their family, what do you mean, who told you and that grandfather is often portrayed like this, if grandfather is actually present and you speak in front of him, then the comedy will become stronger, I am talking about middle class families, right. So one is that you should not praise yourself, okay children do not want to hear that because AIDS has no value because ultimately your adult kids can  See through everything, they know where you have reached in life, so that superior success story of yours may be true, they know that no matter how much you mate, whatever you reach at this stage of life, they will love it.  If it is visible then how much you will praise it, there is a limit to it. What they want to hear is my third point. Those who have fallen in the pit want the knowledge that what were your fellows, what were the  Things Which If You Could Have Done Your End Story Would Have Been Much Better What Are Your Regrets That Being More Earned in a Job Less Earned How You Could Have Done That Wisdom That You Want in Life That's Yours And This It Goes for All the Elderly People Who  Let's Talk to the Normal Youngster I'm Not Talking Here Only About the Dynamics of You Know Children and Parents It's Like One Generation and other generation also the next generation will hear you if they find you talking something there is a take away for them that my videos like I make that big word is when ever you do conversation should be a take away for them I will give the take away in this also, I give it in every video otherwise like discussion over tea, no matter how many videos you watch, how many videos you watch, if you talk to anyone, then life is  Is it a waste of time, but is it okay now? So whenever you tell something to your children, what you could have done and why you could not do it, that is one of your regrets.  You want the child to learn from that and the next generation to learn from that so that the same mistake is not repeated because the knowledge fallen in the pit is very high whoever his knowledge  You have to do that, you have to do a lot of that, but what do people do, the knowledge that has fallen in the pit, like if the father gets stuck in real estate, then he will not allow the child to take real estate at all or will not allow him to take one kind of it or vice versa, if he gets success somewhere. Will put there, Ver Judge, Times have changed, Rules have changed, Dynamics have changed. Okay, so don't exercise that control. This was my third point. Fourth point was that when the child gets married, he also  When family comes, now you can't fool them like that about the whole life, just like you can fool a 3 year old, 5 year old and 10 year old child, you can make him a fool in anything because first of all, when the child starts talking to you.  I want you to be a young parent and your husband and wife were fighting and the child wanted to talk to you at that time and asked why are you fighting, what happened, meaning something that 8 10 12 Year old God, so why did you give him a straight answer? Your homework is done, when is the test for your studies, you mean you used to give a shut up call and that child used to go away silently, okay so now you are of use to him, now that child will ask questions and if he  If you don't get answers then he won't talk. Now you can't tell him that did you do your homework? This is very big. When he becomes an adult, he also comes to know about the worldly things that yes, how were my parents actually?  Because when a child is very dependent and does not have exposure to the world, then obviously everything is seen on a very high pedestal. After that the child has children of his own, his understanding of life starts increasing. His children now turn 10-12 years old. So this equation is changing. The elder generation has to remember that the equation will not always remain the same as it was before that when you tell any story and the child accepts you.  They question before too, children also question, if you had maintained such a healthy equation since childhood, then when today your decisions or anything else is questioned, you do not feel bad, but when Indian parents give rough short shrift.  Everyone knows this, this is one point. The fifth point is mine. You have to remember your childhood, when you were young, okay, how controlling you were, how much you allowed them, how much freedom you had in things.  How tight they used to be, how judgmental they used to be, yes everything comes under that thing, we have to do good to the children, Indian parents also want them but they never know when the fine line is crossed, but the child always suffered and did not even speak much because of this.  You loved her a lot, used to say hello baby kuchu baby to her, gave her gifts, cooked good food for her, took her around, gave her clothes, used to shower your love completely on her, then when you loved her  There used to be nonsense here, he used to tolerate it because there was a lot of love here, there was a balance, a child does not have a choice, it is okay, a child is a child, he knows that until I stand on my feet, I will not tolerate him for 22 years.  You will have to listen, okay, so he got a lot of nonsense, according to him, some of it was genuine, some of it was his perception or whatever and some of it was his food and drink and all that was love, it was balanced, now what happens when he  When he becomes an adult and gets married and goes away, then the part that he gave to you ends because he is no longer a child, neither will you give him clothes nor will you cook him that much food nor will you give him goodies, he will not get anything.  As for meeting, the meaning has become absolutely zero and that program which was the program of others, you think that it will go on endlessly because this is our child, he listened to us for 20 years, 22 years, he listened to us like this, we are parents and he will always be ours.  He will listen, he will not listen to you, now he is not needed, then this leads to the next point. My sixth point is that people will say selfish, this is selfish, what is the matter, now it is like this, let us accept one thing that being selfish is a thing.  It is human nature, you are also selfish, youth are also selfish, children are also selfish, the whole world is selfish and being selfish is not a bad thing because survival is like this, survival is instinct.  Man must be a little selfish but you have to realize one thing, the child whom you are calling selfish, who is 30, 35, 40 years old, is facing his boss, is facing his job, these are uncertain economic times, who has so many options for investment? What will she do? If those choices go wrong, life can go anywhere. There were less choices on your time, but at 12, you used to get it in PF. Ok, home man, retirement.  He used to buy it only after his childhood, there was stability in life, he used to watch a picture in India, he used to watch Gramayan Mahabharata, it was fine, he used to watch the hot set, black and white, children used to watch that too, these days, how many mobile phones are there in the house?  You have come to the money, you see, okay, so the challenges have increased a lot, marital issues are happening, there are marital challenges, sister also has to do a job, so all those who are your boys or even girls, like there are challenges in their life. There are many more challenges in your time than there were in life, so if he is not able to give you time then there is nothing wrong. If you approach him that I want to help you as a parent, then that interaction will happen.  That interaction will happen because they need your support and you will need their support when you are in 8085. So your body which is running in 65 now, is running in 70 and will have more trouble in 85.  On time, you can be of use to children even till the age of 55, 60, 65, 68, 70, and the more you are useful, the more your health will be, you will also get the purpose of life, so now you come to the seventh point, what should the elders do, what is the take away. Want to talk, do something, take away, take away, many people will say, yes, what should we give? Okay, now my question is, what should we give children? We can't give you money because you do n't need money, we will give you the car, it won't drive for you, the driver will give it to you.  Children will tell you, what will I do with this, I ca n't go anywhere every day, these 15 16 17 Hajj are going on, he will take you out for some food, he will not spare you, okay, you don't need clothes because you have nowhere to go.  Okay, so now what should those children do? Then they said, we do n't need anything from you, we just ask about our well- being and the time. Yes, asking about well-being and time also means making an SOP. You can ask as a standard operating procedure three times a day.  Is  Or ask once in three days, what is the meaning of those calls? Hello papa, how are you, mother, how are you, okay, yes, we are fine, the tuition is going on and you tell me, okay, how are the children studying, yes, they are doing well, okay, go to tuition.  We are not going. Okay, we are preparing for the competition. Okay, what is the quality of the conversation? How many times will this conversation be repeated because every time it will be the same whether you call in 10 days or 20 days or month?  Do it in three months, do it in two, will this call remain or will all other standards be of lower level? What did you eat in food? Well, what did you eat? That affection also comes out. Okay, I ate this, I ate that, I ate like this, now.  Brother, 40 years old, he will say, yes, let me eat it, you come and make it, I will definitely eat it, okay, make carrot halwa and give it to me, okay, you give me whatever you want your child to make, then you explain it to him, make him understand that thing.  ok so that one  These are very big challenges. Okay, you have to see that you can give a coolness, you can give the vibes of peace. These days, children need the same and are not getting it. If you give a coolness vibes, you will give peace, you will give peace to the children.  Just like children do not need anything, Lali, children also do not need anything from you and that relationship becomes such that neither they need anything from you nor they need anything from you. When this happens, then what will be the thing that needs to be. Kept, you will have to be a little forgiving because children are very forgiving. There are no parents who are as forgiving as the children in life. Parents have a lot of ego and you should remember one thing that the parents are more forgiving than the children.  Plants give happiness to children. Parents, remember that in childhood, when the child comes in your hand and at the age of two- four-six months, he smiles, he does not know anything about the world and you take him by taking him and like this.  he does  That happiness is there, no matter how grown up the child is, every buddy has gone through that happiness. That child has given you so much, he has given you so much that you don't mean anything about him, you cannot return that thing to him. And he should always remain on the pedestal in such a way that I am right here and you are here and we have appreciated you very much. Get down from this pedestal because even children have to do things for children. Ganga cannot flow in reverse. Now that. Vomiting in Gangotri  Ganga ji cannot go, if Ganga ji has gone the same way, then this is the rule of law. The message is very clear. Be a cap of adding value in the lives of your kids in any form. It is a dozen have to be monitored. It can be that we are there.  Today all the daughters-in-law have to work, so you can be of that much help to the next generation that you helped them in the last five-seven years when their children were once born.  8-10 years old, they will not forget it, it is okay and they will keep it in their mind and no matter what happens, keep coolness in the relationship, do not be bitter, add value and do not interact with those who have bitter parents. Let's cut and cut with the child, it's yours and mine, whatever groups of parents are formed, if these parents are very bitter then it's okay then don't go with them. Your children are not as helpless as theirs because as I told you earlier, we complain not about the world but about ourselves. These people are telling such bitter stories that they have gone to foreign countries, will they call them tomorrow or not?  Children, they will start singing praises of this again and they must have spoiled you in such a way that your children, who are seemingly very good children, will not understand, so stop doing such nonsense, it is okay, this is not going to make your life better.  someone with  In the same sense, if someone feels bad in the video, it is okay and if you don't feel good then you have said, 'Man, how did you do this anti-parent thing, because what is it in India, farmers and parents feel very scared when they speak against certain things, okay?  But the fact is that tell me what is the condition of their life, if they continue doing it and continue asking for sympathy all the time their condition is improving and it is  Going down that they have to check so how did you like the video please tell me share it with people. Family series is going very well. And job series is also going on. I will keep bringing content on marital series also. Please add the subscriber on your groups.  Share this list The discussion points I give are the key, the things said on the discussion may be secondary but these things  Have to be discussed or one generation which is the elder generation has to have a big heart because she is elder, you are elder, okay that child of 5 years and an 8 year old are fighting, neither the parents say to the 8 year old.  You are big, we make him big in 3 years that you are big, if you show maturity, parents are 253 years older than their children, so they should have a big heart, that is the message, thank you very much.