Hello friends, watch the video on the very interesting topic Seven Things Which Every Household Needs to Ensure and if you are a man then you should definitely listen to it because you are the one who has to implement half of the things and women's interest is not only their department but also the whole.  You have to see the family, post it on family groups and in the comment section you have to write which of these seven things you were already doing, if you were not doing it then start doing it now. Now the time is coming, winters are coming, they will start coming gradually in a few days. This is regarding the maids who do our work in the house. Okay, so whatever maid comes, mostly they keep their slippers and shoes outside. Which is a  Good things should be kept anyway, but they walk barefoot in most of the houses, the floor is going to be very cold, you have to buy special slippers for the maid, which you can wear anywhere like your balcony or any other place.  The place can be kept there She comes inside yours that slipper and she works Leaves that slipper there and she goes out This is one thing you have to ensure First thing I am going to give you seven practical tips and it will benefit you a lot How else will I be in the middle  -I will tell you in the middle and at the end also what will be the most beneficial. Do listen to it. Where do I bring these topics from? You people have no idea how much emphasis is placed on original content.  You won't get it, you wo n't get it even after trying, this is called original, can't you tell GPT, can't you Google 3 things, hot water, hot water utensils, where there are stupid people, and productivity will increase, utensils will be cleaned well, soap will also be cleaned well for you and the same hot water will be in the pot too. You have to pour the water for the pooch, you have to use that water also, this second tip was hot water, the third thing is our maids who come to your house to work, their solutions for  Even drivers also, you have to do this, you have to ask them for tea, give them tea, Saturn has a very sweet and good remedy, it will make Ram bond for everyone in the same way, you have to give them tea, the warmth that will come and see that, winters will start from November and a little in October.  This first one will start cooling down in December and January. You know how it happens, so I am making it in advance and telling you everything and you share this thing on all your groups. Now the fourth one, I will tell you a little bit about it here for the people.  It will cost but listen many times, I know my audience is middle class, it is okay but still you can afford it, there is no need to buy anything expensive, a lotion and a cream also, keep it at one place which your mate can do the job and apply it on your hand. Their hands remain torn, at least they will hug you and they will say ok maid, hug me, I don't hug my wife, so if you are like this, then you are not my audience, I have to define it many times, if it is okay for me, then if it is bad then it is okay.  it may take place  Then don't run away from here but by the way I am telling you, it is okay for meds, any lotion, I am not saying that the one of 10, 20, 5, 50, which comes normal, comes at very reasonable rates, it is okay, whatever you get.  Please insure them that thing and tell them to put this also, what will be the benefits of it, I will tell you a little later also, the fifth thing is buy worm socks for them, two pairs, three pairs, that one with thumb.  The thumb is separate and the rest are those socks which are bought for them and why will she wear them? Wear this in case your maid gets sick or she will get trouble in winter. I am telling husbands also, wives know that in winter.  What happens is okay, then it is for you to take care of it, after that the sixth thing is that I have seen all this at home, this is the biggest comedy in India, you have heard this dialogue in your ears, oh friend and give the dirty cloth to clean it. Give a dirty cloth to clean, do not use a dirty cloth, you do not need a dirty cloth for cleaning. If you want to clean, you have to do it with a clean cloth. The mop should be clean. If you use it for two months or one and a half months, cut it in half.  You are also using it, think about it, it should be half, I just told you the formula, throw that old dirty out frequency, one BH is a different thing, other wise, any house other than that house requires.  Minimum two times if not three times change of water of the poocha that is not happening its that is not happening it is being programmed inside it again and again and it is linked to hot water it is being killed quickly if  The water should be hot and the heater will cost a little. No one is going to become a tycoon by saving this money. Don't give him slippers. The slippers cost Rs 10000 each. The water has to be heated.  Electricity will cost Rs 100,200,00, tea will be given for Rs 00, it will be given, cream will be given, anything of the month will cost Rs 100,00, use clean cloth, whatever I have told you, this is your monthly expenditure of more than Rs 800,900.  Hajj will not come, but by doing all this, the biggest benefit you will get is that you will become the top employer of the lady who comes to your house and will be on top of the merit list.  Tomorrow when she has to leave the house, for some reason she cannot work, the load has come, this has come, you will not be there. If guests are coming some day and she wanted to take leave, you told her first that brother, don't kill her that day. Please come on a day like this, is it okay otherwise if it stays like this then she will listen to you, this is a human relationship, rest of the terms and condition of money, it is standard, you have to fulfill it, it is bound to happen, but just imagine if she  Is working in seven seven to eight houses, she is working and there you are giving such treatment, then you are the top most employer, rest of your own personnel, the system will definitely be good, productivity will increase, the world will not wait for me in India.  Yes, Guru ji, tell me what to donate, I see people pulling people out to donate, brother, please provide to the one who is working at home, and I will not even call it donation. You are taking some care of your employees, I won't even call it charity, so which of seven of you will do this, then please write in the comment section, Will all seven do it? It would be nice if 15-20 people also changed people's lives.  Curry already, write down how much you were doing or write down, we were doing two and three but now good idea 147 also we will follow doing like this, you also write down this I will keep bringing such things, videos will be made in the future also, like, share, subscribe, platinum membership, which you guys want to take, there is an announcement, my happiness course two is coming in mid November, you can take what you want or cut it.  By the way, if you want to take happiness course, then you can also take happiness course through the app, the price of both will be equal, okay, that is your choice, take this or that.  It Will Almost Be Same Thing And Share This Video Thank You Very Much