Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic, look further and forward it to the relevant people in your life and listen to it yourself. One day you too will have to do all this. Seventh things in life are relevant if you are a scenic citizen.  Are you going to retire or have already retired? You are relevant here. I will address only men. It can be applicable for women also but there is a pull within women. Relevant.  They have a mind to live because they have no relief but so long and they bills always remain ready. There is a different utility in them. Utility falls under the man. In retirement and being a senior citizen, there are seven things. The first thing that you have to do is total finance.  Control money is gone, men are gone, I am telling men, whatever you have earned is yours, please after retirement, you are a scenic citizen, never ever invest anything in this.  Speculation: Your son or daughter or son-in-law or daughter-in-law or any niece or nephew or anyone else will come and take something from you. There you should definitely not put in speculation. My audience is 2 lakh 1 lakh money. My audience is in this middle class also. Towards  I always tell this about apartment class, but many times I have to tell people the definition too, but many times people go to all types of people, bed manners have to be told, you are at one level in the video.  If there is relief from the people above then only understand that or whatever you can extract from this level, you can extract that, then keep the finance under some control, the second thing is very important, do not spend time with Scenic Citizen. Whom am I telling, I am Scenic Citizen.  Someone is telling me, hey, what are you talking about in the park, all the Buddhas are together, it is okay, in Haryana, all the elders of our house talk like this, okay you too, I am not a Buddha, my parents are white in English, something like this  I say, old mother, it is okay, so I say it with great love, everything is fine, everyone has to grow old one day, so there is no big meaning in that, but if there is no time for each other, then we will not spend time with each other, so with whom is this the catch? WITH YOUNGSTER AND THAT YOU WILL FIND OUT IN THE REST OF THE REGIONS ALSO BECAUSE M WHAT IS WITH THE REGIONS ON YOU YOU ST RELEVANT AND RELATIVELY HAPPY IF YOU INTERACT ONLY WITH BUDH LOT YOU BILL WICKAM A  But the day after tomorrow, remove these facts from the group of all the old people who because only WhatsApp will be available, what did the children give in life, what did we do, what did we lose, did our fat become ours, leave it, most of the people have that, leave you.  You think that being old is something negative and if it is something negative then I bill not be with negative people being myself and negative the day after tomorrow I bill not be with youngster  Because date it like youngster mens anybody younger than you so if you are 60 air old are 65 air old try you interact with 50 40 30 2018 youngster us ho jaayenge third thing two note pickup d jab to then pickup consultation k from variable retired  Whatever you donate in life you are sitting on a lot of wisdom and knowledge and  Will you stay with skill sets and you will be able to be important? I tell you a simple reason, never stable scenario citizen, I don't get out of Rs. 1, they give useless knowledge, I have seen some retired judge not fighting in the park. Some are officers from other departments, some are from Axis Taxation, some are from here, I have kept everything, I have given punishment like this, I have given you no one, you are the boss, so you do yours, right?  Consultation: Many people have knowledge and they definitely seem to be giving it. There is no actual confidence. If the confidence is about becoming a hero among ourselves, then how many people will follow this advice. Tell me and also tell your father, the youngsters who are listening, tell your father with your head. Talk to us, talk to us, give us knowledge, talk to us, hang out with us, this is the most important thing, the fourth thing is consultation, you pick it, you will do it very well, no matter how many.  Charge money but you will get it ok fourth thing be very helpful you your wife is old you must not have done much so now make it a routine in the day sometime beer in you give her DT and coffee and do you are on clothes  And you have already taken the slave like this, hold it [ __ ] and tell the wife, brother, now I will do this, this much is mine and gradually I will raise them, but now I am starting with this, so this one is your thing, after that the fifth thing is hers. Branded Good Clothes Scenery Citizen Should Wear Should Be Well Dressed Give Butter to a Youngster Only then you will look something relevant or important or okay Get up Story also wear some kurta pajama Wear sandals Never wore sandals Have to go instead of sandals India Must have shoes if you  If you have to walk then you should buy good branded ones which are a little more expensive than what you can afford and you have a very good pair of normal shoes etc. and below. Wherever you feel that some man has come or you go there and then listen to the story, if I am scared then he should not be afraid, if something happens then that is an important thing, the sixth important thing is to stay updated with technology, only then I am  When you will be among all the elders, then take care of them even they don't know how to do it, you also know how to do it, the youngster knows your grandson, granddaughter, god, children and daughter-in-law, whatever new is happening with you these days, something new is happening on WhatsApp.  Now it is new on YouTube, how many subscribers do I have? Now, as I tell them, friends, they want to join my astrology, they want to join astrology and they are asking me, I am a very extremely active BG consultant, here is my running challan.  The way of speaking is relaxed, it seems that I am also like you, brother, I will talk comfortably, I will not tell, friend, your child will tell, learn it, I have told you there are many things which you should know.  Do you want to learn it yourself or learn it from the person closest to you? You don't want to learn it in your own home because there is a hesitation and shyness, it's a big no, yaar to me koi aise bhi lenge, otherwise why can't you ask people for money from Paytm.  Don't know how to give, do n't know how to do it on Google, it is a basic thing, I am telling you that I am not asking you to learn rocket science, this basic thing, please learn it by doing, what is happening in the world these days to learn basic technology, the basic thing is to do your work online, do this, do protection.  by not doing all this  If you don't learn then it will become an adult. If you have not learned further then it is ok then it is very important and the seventh thing is if you can afford then have a good tax driver also where you should hire a driver and not have money to sell the driver.  Also with it if you do the same this is driver because where you can travel match more many times what happens is mere ko aisa lagta ki people feel it is 60 koi 63 air old ko lagta 60  I will definitely drive the car. Who hired my driver and he is of such a low caste, mother does not care about the result of life, you don't even know the story, it is not relevant, it is like something, mother does not cook food for the lady after the stage.  Sahi Wants Cup Sambadif Ko Sahi Nose Out Tu Cook But That Lethargy Sets In Bill be in demand you can give driver you any big you can pick up anybody drop anybody your wife can go anywhere and the right bill note want you to and you can go anywhere they want and husband and wife and it day  In You Can Go Anywhere On One R Is D Driver Is Devar Drive Bill Not Devar Not Feeling Like Going And Not Fool Like You Not Bill If Your Clothes Are Not Nice To You Story Jaan Ka Maa Nahi Karya You don't have a car in your life, you are a keypad driver, you have good clothes and you want me to be young, how come these people are shrinking, I am seeing all the elders at home laughing.  They are not taking it out, then they do n't meet anyone, the film doesn't look good, fern se a caste problem kya hai na 60 pe when u vikam relevant u have tu lifting 95 living an element  Life and 35 years this is nothing more painful, give this in last 35 years which you are like from 25 you are 60 years which are 35 years your searching for a when before that you may have had some setbacks in studies or competition, then job then girl child.  -Children, then raising them, their studies, their struggles, their marriage, then promotion of their bosses, how much struggle is okay, 35 years and activity. Now we will do 6295 fields, how many wanderings will we do? Went to Somnath once again, went to Tirupati, went to Kashi Dham, again went to the mountains, went to Mussoorie, once went to Europe, it has reduced to three in a year, now more to reduce it.  If you spend Rs 10,20,30,40,000 a day then it is not Manish ji whether you live in a sector or an apartment complex, there is a driver to come and go, relatives and acquaintances. Friend circle or small business or taking photographs or visiting your grandchildren, taking them shopping or taking your daughter-in-law shopping, you will get to do all these things, you will remain relevant, the most important thing is the desire for money because unless you earn money, you will not.  He will travel with a good car, no driver, no good clothes. Do n't waste time with people of your age. Cut this time waste but stay away. You will get time to sit with them. You will get a lot after 75-80 because  60 to 70 then you will get cooked by sitting with them and then when it will happen in actual then you have no one with you, if there is no one then be very very relevant and understand things, what all will you do, please tell me, thank you very match.