Hello friends, today's topic is 7 reasons the same real state in India bill does well in the coming three four five years which is a cycle of clear bold run, yes there has been a run up in the last 1 1/2 2 years but five years more juice.  It is visible that I am telling the regions according to the big lions, you listen to them one by one carefully, I will tell you logically first of all, the pace of this urbanization urbanization has flooded you.  Whoever has relation with the village or with the small lions, go to your immediate circle and check whether the children are there, the next generation or the coming ones, the jobs in the big lions are only in the big lions, now on this, there should not be a fortuner. Unfortunately, we will not talk about him, we will not talk about the farmers, otherwise we will go there, we are talking about what is happening, the next generation is not extracting its juice from agriculture. Agriculture urbanization is not happening very fast, there are no jobs in small and very small factories etc. apart from government jobs and they are very less. The second thing is the most important region, this is the marriage market. I will divide the marriage market into three parts. First is marriage.  A new thing to do is to say that the daughter-in-law needs a separate house, otherwise there is trouble, even if it is a small one. What used to happen earlier, if the son lived with the daughter-in-law in the city, then did he live with the mother-in-law or father-in-law?  Since mother is in the city, mother is living in Gurgaon, we are living in Delhi, Pune is living in Bengaluru, now it has become a color that if mother is working in some other city, then it is necessary to have a separate house. But now this has become a new phenomenon, people are understanding it, one thing is this, what is the second thing, will you accept this thing, Divorce Science, I mean you, Marital Counseling and Marriage.  I want to understand the market very well. The rate of divorces is only increasing. It should not be increased but it should be like this. This is not a social video, it is an investment video. It is flooding. Now what happens that a man and a woman are in a married relationship in a city.  They were living together, the child was going to school, now he is divorced, so now he will not live in the same house, but it does not mean that the woman will go to the village, the man will leave everything and go to the village, he will need two systems there, even if he buys two houses.  Needed  Not on rent, that is a different thing, but requirement of housing bill increase is a fact, it is a big thing, the third thing is taking out the debt, going on the way women in Maktao movement, Area 498, we will not marry, we will awaken the consciousness, as many consciousness will awaken marriage.  If they don't do it, now they can't live with their parents. Only their parents will say brother, go and tell the story. Chetan Jag is 31 years old, 35 years old.  A boy is not tolerated by his parents because parents naturally run after marriage and if it has to be done then the boy too will have to get separated in happiness or sorrow from his parents and similarly girls too who  I am not getting married, that too is increasing. I came from a small town, I have lost my job, now my mother is not planning to get married or the right partner has not come, so these marriages are also getting delayed.  There is also a flood of retirement, the boy and girl who got married at the age of 24-26 could have lived in the same house with each other and the retirement would have been less, now that girl of 24 is not ready to get married till 32, she is roaming around, so she is living the story.  So it is happening and then that 32-35 year old boy is also not living, then this retirement is also flooding, all three ways are flooding, this thing is flooding the marriage market in every way, earlier they did not live separately, marriage.  If you were on time, you would have had retirement, you would have been less, you would have lived with your in-laws even for centuries, so these are three sides, this is a very big region, according to me, its salary is very high, the third one is another region, this is another one, now look at Credit Suisse's Self Bank SBB.  The bank of America is bailed out, this bill is out, that bill is out, government notes printed in Dhaba, inflation is a third think, there can be a lot of elections in India too, inflation is a big think, notes are very taxable. Money has no value, you see all the maids, plumbers, electricians who come to save money for you, whatever service charge they take or take money, look at what rate they are paying now at their rate.  If there are floods, then their express, the person who was relieved at this level that there is no attack toilet, I am talking about the stall below which no one goes and checks, the one who used to go to the comment toilet by doing this, that stall type system.  Ka also saw him in the movie, now his type is aspirational, his salary has come from increasing his income, that brother, I have to go to such a place where I have a toilet attack, if there is a balcony in the kitchen, then this value is making you feel relaxed, fresh from outside. People are coming, those who are fresh are coming here, those who are below are coming here, those who are from here are coming here, those who are expressions are going here, so all this is very big for recruitment. Fourth region is the cost of Whenever we talk about the construction of a property, the cost of construction is increasing and there has been fluctuation in the rates of raw materials, sometimes they flood, sometimes they go to the ghats, but once there are floods, the rate which the builder makes then he  When cement is low, I do n't go short. Remember, this is because bear is set. Risk is off. Margins are getting taken. Margins are getting taken. And the peacock says brother when it is going down.  If it is going down then it is going to go down but if it gets flooded then all those rates become yours and don't make any noise. Is cement flooded sir or is it flooded? Copper wire rates are flooded and just Google the rate of copper in the last two-three years. We put copper wire, it has two to three times the power of electricity, many things get stuck in cement and iron, the rest of the things are divided and the biggest thing is that the material will still increase and decrease.  There will be stagnants, they will go down a bit, but the labor cost is only going up, the laborer is the retirement of the laborer, because again everything is only and aspiration and more skill manpower, now more skill manpower is required in the construction, that partner extending a hand till a lonely one.  Will take it on the head like it used to run, it is not a brick based system, nowadays there are many machine based systems, so everything is useless.  In change, you are getting more and more expensive. The fifth reason is that Covid is gone. It is okay but he has left a lot of learning and the biggest thing in his learning is that in such a time, he lacked only two things, his own family and  People have a strong feeling of having their own house, there is pressure from the family and even the Millennials themselves have woken up and their wives directly say, Holi, anything happens in your life. Tooth brush, toothpaste and nothing else can be given to his wife and talent. Look what happens, injustice is done to a person who is poor, which is wrong, it should not happen, you are poor but when you are with a rich person, there is no money. Look, I am not making classes, I am telling the truth, those who had packages of 60-60, 70, 80 lakhs were talented and in good society.  Used to live where along with maintenance Rs 8000 is okay per month, there too country effort from prejudice of being a tenant and landlord it has happened in de big tons you tell me last 30 years 25 years ago it did not happen date it de product variety  These product and project varieties and price points in real estate have now become so many that if you start by liking this option, right?  Three start from Rs 3:30 lakh with auto, there is a tax increase for every Rs 50,000 and increase of Rs 1 lakh. Model comes, there is relief, you buy for Rs 3.5 lakh, for four, it is Rs 4.5 and you bill has something coming in date, just variety is too much.  If there is caste, then what was there in real estate earlier, like in small lions, even today there is not much choice, brother, there is plot, there is only one product of plot, there is only one rate, but as soon as When it comes to floors, the rates of the floors are different, margin is applied, they become 3-4 floors, they have different bikes, but you have to understand that the rates are higher in the floor, you can congratulate.  At what time, when I have too many products, I can gradually increase the pricing, when one or two are productive, just imagine in a shop there are 50 sweets at different price points, then I increase the rates.  It can be done easily, little by little, where there are two productive ones, then you will know that this was so much because the client cannot handle 50. When I get more projects like in real estate, then I increase the density of them.  I don't know what is the meaning of density or what is the meaning of ₹ 2, you see if there is a handkerchief of 2 m in it, if I take out a big handkerchief and if I take out a small handkerchief then the number is off. If I take out a handkerchief of small size, the size comes out to be small.  So, if I can take out more handkerchiefs, I can play on the rates, but for the example, I have a flat worth Rs. 1 crore from within 110 acres, if I take out 500 flats then the density was 50. Now if I take out this thousand flats, then the density will be 100.  So now the rate of 50 density one is one crore and the rate of 100 one is also one crore, so what is it for the customer? This is a thing that is done over a period of last one year which is done by the state government which is done by the state government which is done by these big seven 10 tons 15 cities in India which is done normally because the real estate is taken up to the maximum here, in this the government has again taken a big step.  Then you understand that the floor area ratio was 1.75 in Haryana too. Let me give you the example of Gurgaon Lake in Haryana.  It used to be 1.75, 3.5, 4.5 and mixed it in whatever transit corridors you have where the road is going, like Dwarka Expressway, if there is anything else, then if there is a distance of 500 meters within those roads, then if this distance is so much then in that.  Now it has to increase further, due to increasing the rate again, the rate has increased. By being, I also hope that your mind is not getting curdled that brother, if I am reducing the size of the thing.  If I am or the density is high then the rate is flooding, despite the rate it is flooding, it is understood that this is marketing on top of that, then in so many projects and in so many products, there is a payment plan and if you curdle the brain then understand that the customer  It becomes difficult for the customer to know what is the thing, what does the customer do? Well, this one is getting it for Rs. 100 crore, the money will be gone in 4 years, this one, I am getting it for ready you move in 1.1, so I am getting 15  Lakh Cheap hey brother 1.1 15 lakh rupees if you look more then I am getting the payment in 4 years, I believe it is getting more type of construction butter, it is getting tanha metal, so today it has become really difficult in the market to get these things done properly.  I understand you will find the info group in the comment area below under your webinars. If you want to participate in these types of webinars then please join date link 7th last  If there is a point after this, then the link will also be found in the description. This should go in the description at the top of the comment area. So if you have not already joined or are in some info group then you know doing this activity is fine but if you are listening for the first time. And if you want to understand all these things in real time basis in real time projects then please join. The last point is two points, the last one is related to this concern, so in this I am telling the last point is very important. I am not telling anyone for six months, people come and see, when financial influencers start talking about real estate, then that is also a big hint. Have you understood that real estate has reached the level of mutual fund, brother, mutual fund mutual has reached the level of mutual fund.  No one will become rich by doing a fund, not Rs. 5000, but if you do it for 30 years, then you will get coffee. Maybe add inflation to it and in between too, there will be a ship of mutual fund.  Neither an elephant does anything by showing off nor any girl gets attracted nor if the body gets damaged. If something happens then you have some leverage that you have a house. The two biggest expenses of any middle class person's life are rent and children's school fees. After this, the mobile expenses and internet expenses and clothes and petrol and these maids all come later if you buy your tickets, if you look at yours or that one, then what is the new generation doing in this? They will not buy a house and they will not have children.  so kids won't  Will you get married otherwise all those frills are gone, even then you will have to stay at home, so you can run away from marriage and as many next generation people will run away from marriage because many people were talking to me and one to me, they were telling me that you are a marital counselor.  Yes, you are this, you want people to get married, otherwise your business will end, we have kept 10-15 businesses, even if you get married, you will earn, if you don't, you will still earn, you have kept less aside, right? I tell you that my head and tail are also my father's behavior is fine, so this is it, you can do a new marriage, it is very good, get a divorce and it is good, you need two TVs, it is diverse, America is very good for consumption, that is why there is so much Rakhi.  He is doing all the divorces, Bed Marriage Bed, I will make a separate video on this, Bed Marriage Rope, Bed Marriage is alive but Bed, Economics on this bed is very good, it is okay, I did not tell him, he is not doing such things.  Ok, thoughts are the same, please like the content, same and reason, rents are pouring in, plus rents, you all have seen that shooting is happening after comedy, ok and this was happening to people because what happens next is financial insurance.  They say two 25% tight, two raised percentage, two and a half percent, what is the use, ship your rental at two and a half, hey brother uncle, raised but no relief, that is divided into five or six.  It is divided by 10, it is also divided by 150. In Janakpuri, the one who bought MIG like flat in 1989, it is ₹ 2 lakh or 3 lakh, his rental is 150% of today's rate, why brother, he has bought it on time, right?  I have taken NHC's Sher at ₹ 12, so on ₹ 40 he is giving 6% divide but I took it at 12, Baba, mine is 20%.  I will just say, I am getting it, why should I make it about the public in basic calculation because no one talks about 10-20 years, everyone talks about today and tomorrow, I am talking about five years.  There are many property management forms which are available in America like Jo Aapke Rental Dekhne Aaj Se Aaj Kya Hai Lot of People Sting and Lot of Money No Dar Se Ki Yaar Aayi Kant Invest Hair Daikin Kar Ki Thing  Lately in Delhi or on the story but I want you to invest in real estate but do I invest in Ahmedabad and Pune belong to this date place so every in these property management forms are coming some of my living next come four-five more like this And this market, this startup market, will mature very well in the next two years, so what is there in it that these people have your property somewhere, they will take it from you like an overall, like they have taken a car, they will manage it, they will run it.  And we will give you our rate for two months, how much money is there, we are working in between, we are incurring loss, we have kept ₹ 5000 and after transcribing it, we have got it typed from some company, then we manage it and then we give it to some other company.  They give it to others and then give them food and drink. This is a lot of time here. Individuals can also do a lot of startups. This is a huge market. Blue Ocean Opportunity. You who are roaming without a job or don't know what kind of business you have.  You have to do this, this is the best, this is the best, the role of aggregator is less, collect the people, place them here, place them there, rent them and book them, you can add value to them, give food to the people living there, bring dogs to the people who want to eat, have you taken this?  Take it on rent, there is a huge market, it will be the best, this will also reduce, you will also tell him that the camera is getting vacant there, you have gone to Chabi Koli, the house is getting vacant there because these bachelors are very fond of bachelor living.  Now accommodation has started coming for bachelors as they are not allowed to enter the normal society. I also had a video on it. Okay, many good comments have come on it. People have understood that there is pain there. It is okay for bachelors. It is your life choice. You should not get married. Very good.  Do n't do good but people will not let you live in normal society then something different will be made for you and that is being made, I know it is being made and that too will take the real estate up because of one thing first. Earlier there was no 100, if you catch 30 then out of 100, 97 98 used to be married. Now this figure is changing. In the cycle of good and bad, this is an investment video, not a moralistic video, because what Buffett says in the channel, I am not going to discuss it today. Today I am going to do it, don't marry me, you did not see her in the video, I was in another form in the video, today I am in another form, that picture was good of Sanjeev Kumar in which he is normal.  Which picture was it, tell me the name, Sanjeev Kumar had no role, it is ok, it is different in different videos, look different today, uncle, don't complete the team change, brother, get married, if there is no G in diverse real estate today, then real estate is ahead.  You children will not do it today, it will be known after 15 years that it is needed now, it is needed now and also the parents who earlier used to settle for 6065 and the real estate was vacant, the life expectancy is rising, it is a good thing, God bless everyone's parents.  Father, whether you want real estate or not, it is good, good, if not less, then you will live as medical care will increase, life expectancy will increase, then the replacement rate will be the same as before, mother, if you give birth to less children, then those who used to die earlier will now die soon.  If you are going late, if you are not going late, then come forward now, I will make a video on that for the old citizens also, because of which real estate in India, the old people do not walk from their homes and the elderly people do not walk, why don't they walk?  I will tell you that the psychology of India is different, what has worked in the Indian country has not worked in India, this is also a fact, so these were the regions as well, in how many regions do you agree, Lalapalooza is giving out the effect of Lalapalooza Charlie but  G is a great term to Google Varing So in Factors of Playing Externally So D Results Bill Note B Why this sum will not be total but one and one may become three  Now we understand that this is Lala Fat's individual, because of what is happening, things are going to grow in this way, this is the changing dynamic in the market, the demographic is such that today, 30 years, 28 years old, married boy who would like to have a separate house. No, the rest of the programs are going on like alcohol, party, fun, boys and girls, living in so and so, bullying, girlfriend, so brother, he cannot do programs with his parents, neither can he tell the story and  Will read to do and I am talking of people, I am sting in D. Sher, who is coming from a small town, he is living separately, he has taken me away, mother, he is coming from Gurgaon, he is coming from Fatehabad, Kaithal, Jind.  So we are taking home here but I am from Gurgaon also the child who was staying there, that mother will not stay with you, he is begging or will go to date, this is what I am saying, the boy and girl were staying in Delhi. With their parents and now they are not getting married, now they will not continue to live, after this stage there is a lot of fuss, yes with the parents, even without children, anything happens for the marriage, the future son-in-law and the bride and the groom.  It is the daughter-in-law, isn't it, that there are fights between brother-in-law and date proof, it is not that the daughter-in-law took the lead, before that, they were very good without her, okay, so it is not so, I hope you will react no because it is just increasing.  Earlier the deception used to come very quickly, now slowly and gradually the thing is going to increase. I have introduced it through Info Group and through my destruction of real estate, it is like a stock exchange, so whenever you go, you can know the rate of any lion.  Tax people, 10 years ago from today, open yesterday's and day after tomorrow's real status note, date transparent, but I have to speak judo window shoppers of real estate, I came to them only welcome window shoppers normally at window shop It is not people, what happens in window shop is not to take anything but to learn, to know, to find out is very important because of you, me because brother, I don't know you like windows shop because of my life, I have myself in a windows open in real estate.  I have 5000 brochures of India, that is, 5000 are now easy to keep in digital format in my laptop. Earlier, when they used to come in hard copy, I have also kept them. When was it launched, how did it happen?  Because of transitory, you people have used magic break and a dusre.com etc., there is not much data on these, brother, there is not much data, where was it, what was there and you will go to the national index according to the registry that is there in the tehsil.  It is said that in India, this type of property works, one took one crore rupees and after 5 years, the other one was worth Rs 1 crore 6 lakhs, but brother took 44 lakhs in cash, so now he I have not even written the transaction of Rs 1.5 crore, so the property will be said in the market that it is only 3% bigger because the refill which is capturing the data is capturing the same transaction. Brother, as much as his capital is zero in the gen.  You all know the calculations, I don't need to tell you in such details, thoughts are the same, the returns of real estate, not even anyone's father can calculate in the market, you can do the same as to what happened to you.  There are rentals, there are rentals, yes, who is taking how much rent, whose rent is going to whom, no one knows actually, how is he taking, what is he taking, okay, so it is doing it, very healthy, very healthy, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, many, one and all, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people, a lot of people. Came from Greater Noida Amrapali GP Green and like this 80% so the relief there is 245% rest of all the lions had that time which was corrupt love 10 12 years ago  It was very bad, it is not that it is not there now, but earlier time was blinding him, it is true that at that time there were builders, there was no RERA, there was no copying, there were no rules, regulations, nothing, that one is a generation of investors which is absolutely Those who did not get it were ruined, now a new generation has come who have to take fresh and now there are listed players, now there are rules and regulations and now what is the goods, bike is also a defaulter, today no builder lives his first life.  By default, everyone of Jai Jaan Ki and Badnamiya wants to do normal business, after that it doesn't happen Malini, like this, then all that gets dubbed, then his daily life gets worse, then he takes a loan, but where the goods remain, there is actually a demand for retirement.  And if there is no supply then he will not default because look for default. To default in life, you should also understand this of the one who steals. This is the way I said the X8 reason, the seventh reason.  8th Result Sir, the landscape has changed a lot after Priya, now people say that nothing happened after the reaction, it is still not found, the sins that were committed earlier cannot be washed away, but he is including them. You tell me a simple logic, you took a loan of ₹ 1 crore from me, you did not give me anything and you will default, now for how much will I give you, what will I uproot you but if I pledge 2 kg gold from you  Take my mother from you and then give you a loan of Rs. 1 crore, then you take 2 kg of gold, my mother, it is worth Rs. 1 crore 5 lakhs, you have defaulted and you had given 20 lakhs, you have children of ₹ 80 lakhs, so I can do something to him, so now  That can happen now, the provisions have come, he has to give so much, he has to give bank guarantee, he has to spread the assets, he has an account, but I will make a separate video that now, not after Safety 2019, you are watching.  Yes, the same old sins are still visible in the market even today, you are hearing the same ones of 2014, 11, 12, 13, 15, 16, not after that, because the check balances are very high, it is too much, so the date is this.  Andar region date it bill do very well and it is clearly bold run which I am saying on next five to six years not even aisa nahi five-six months  This is not a video of Reasons of this video, these will keep on increasing and monitor how many are reading because this is not wanting to get married, getting married but not living with parents and in-laws, living in a separate house, how many are these  Numbers are being inflated, no one is doing any research on this, I am presenting it at my level, note something which is like Pan India, North India, I have data, I am in a lot of destruction, live things are late, data is late, ok  is different  Want small, want different and now parents are also releasing it for both boys and girls and in a new movie, brother, you give them money, spend less on weddings, yes friend, take them a little different, this is better than real estate.  If you demand more then you will sit because there is a number and a data for it, you can Google it and see why you don't give it, Sir, no, I will not insist, you sit because all of you will sit with such a limit, but I will tell you the data from where to get the number of people.  in indian  Like the household was sometimes 8.6, sometimes 6.6, sometimes 5.4. This was a reduction. House hall, you understand that this is the kitchen, it is the household, that it is dependent on the kitchen, right, they are called household, they are called clan, those numbers are less.  If those numbers are going to be less then the number of units required bill will be bigger so anyway you see this is ₹ 1 crore 140 crores so if our 2% growth  If the rate is 2.8 crores, then 2.8 crores are being flooded every year, so that means I will divide by 4. Take the family, mother, you are also having two children, although people are reducing the taxes, even if you divide by the tax, 70 lakh units will be given to me every year.  What is happening in the years is that in the villages where there were co-households, now only the elderly people live there, while in the villages where seven-eight people used to live, now there are three and now two are becoming empty.  there is more story  And if you are filling then there is retirement story and floods, you should understand this also in this way and vice versa, there is no dearth of such land, Rajasthan is lying vacant, a lot of areas are lying vacant in India, but my rates will be there where economic. How much is the square foot per activity? It decides the price of your real estate. If I take Mumbai in 1 square foot and divide it and calculate the total economic activity there, which is also called GDP, then from that the real estate is calculated.  It is decided that how much economic activities are taking place there, but I hope you understand well, it is okay and you tell me which point you liked more, according to me, I will give maximum wage, I will give maximum to the marriage market and this will help in urbanisation.  Whatever is happening will affect everything else too, thank you very much.