Hello friends, three updates of Gurgaon real estate which will help you in knowing something and taking action and one on the situation in Thayer and I am telling it to people in one spoon consultation, nowadays I am going to give a free template here, so it will be a short video. Do watch till the end to see that the results of UP elections will come, the results of other elections will also come. Attention Bhabhi, people have been stuck for a long time, what is actually happening, the first update is this.  There was a big launch on Dwarka Expressway, its prices were so high, it remains a mechanic, how much is it worthless, it has not been sold, what is its status, there is a crowd of thousands, buyers are sellers, people are watching from the window, nothing is known about it, it is not known.  What is happening but because of that there are some more points, one and a half to two and a half kilometers within five minutes driving distance from that place, people need to understand the inventory and it is being invented, so among you  I have to tell all the friends who were in the status that the rates are going to increase in two good projects in the next 5 to 6 years. One of them is ₹ 500 square feet shore shot. It has been told that this is the year of the event. Those who want to know and connect with him want to know and connect with him. Want a WhatsApp, which is the number given below, the second AC is a two-tier product, its price point is a little different and they are also going to have a price range because the launch which I told earlier was done here.  All this matter that was here would seem lucrative to the people because its density is much less than this one, so people understood that theirs was being taken out and given to them only, so some people are not able to understand the response here. What has happened is the mystery iron curtain, it is okay, it is Russia type work, I do n't know what is happening, okay but this Vansh is a second thing, which is a small ticket size, which is 6570, 75 lakhs, Deendayal, Surya, second update.  There is inventory here, we are getting jobs on a very large part because of this three tier thing, it is because people are realizing that the price point of Deen Dayal, which will come now, is going to go above one crore, whichever line.  All the ups are lined up and what is being told and people have got some idea about the launches of April-May, it is a bull market, things will go fast in the bull market and who will create  There is no need because the things are going in actual, so the old inventory which was left is also coming out and you have to give the update that what I used to call AC-2, the thing worth Rs. 1.25 crore to Rs. 1.5 crore and the thing which was AC-  3 used to be a thing of 60 70 80 lakhs now in next two three months AC three will welcome one crore twenty lakh rupees and AC two will come just 120 days solution one last  The rates have been falling gradually in one year but they are going to increase more strongly in the next two months. This was a big update in this matter. The third update of mine is that the customer wants to buy something by selling something and this is the situation at the same time. Now people say that even those from Delhi and many people say that if I get it, then I will take it. Those people are under my orders that if you do not know the rate only when you are in Bigg Boss, then you will be able to buy Region Sky in the market window.  but also keep it very good In a bull market, people come to the window along with their friends to see what the crowd is for. After seeing what the crowd is looking for, they find out the rate. Now after two months, I talk to them and if they find out the rate, they are not bought.  Why do we say these five, seven, eight lakhs? Why did the savings increase? What happened? How much did we get at that time? It is not taken away. If the one who did not know how much was ready four months or six months ago, he remains fresh. He remains Krishna, but the one who  is watching at once on which it is very  The person using the answer keeps on buying and that rate increases. It becomes very difficult to buy a house. A fresh person coming from somewhere sees a speaker and buys it. Only he realizes that psychology is this and the situation is that where he wants to sell.  The price expectation there is not being met and will get frustrated in the future, it is perfect that it will not be met because not so many things are coming in so many new and good payment plans that people who were crazy about it.  If you want to buy a ready to move in, then if it was a fitur hunter for the last one and a half year, now only 6065 are left, 3035 people have started understanding that hey Deendayal will make it in two years, the work is going on very fast.  Ad Dubo Mar Ki Bade Place Hai Builders Brand, Their Inventory Is Also Coming To Position, It Is Visible Standing Up, Which Is A Disbelief  That you will never get it, you will be late, those people who were drinking burnt buttermilk of milk, are now decreasing in quantity, a fresh investor is coming, he is coming with fresh confidence, so even today your ready to  There are people in the market to buy move-in, there will be less in the next year, there will be less in the next year, then the old non-y1 things which can become black yellow taxi if there is a location of other organization.  If it is extremely prime then there will be extremely prime location, then there is location in it and if Tuti speaks then it is a bit complex to understand but if the location is not great and is not my one then the seller who is buying in it will get stuck, then what is my salary to do?  The advice is that if the tailor has the funds, he can keep the handkerchief, sell it and take it, like the plant is 2016, if the sixty rupees have to be paid after two years, then in two.  So, the property that you are selling, which cannot be completed even in 2 years, should actually be sent within two months. This is also a property. If it is a property, then what is it, when you put a gun to the temple, it will be visible to you only because as long as there is lethargy that it is mine.  I have written that it will be sold, wait for two days, I am not interested in selling the old property, this is not a market click, it is also the truth because it causes so much headache because people come and ask 50 types of questions, open the key, this  Colitis is not easy to die on its own, people who want to sell will see heaven and once they book their property then they will get their property vacated. If you watch a long video on it, I promised it is a short one. You people who want to sell property.  If you want more videos like this on how to sell property and what to do, then please write in the comment section below how to celebrate property, then I will make a video on that also because many people do not know how to sell.  There are some ways to send your old property, so I will make a video in it if enough people demand it and and ML is a 4bhk that is very nice and it is slowly getting discovered in the market, further this and March ending.  The rate is all the liquid plans which are being deviced in excel. Model kitchen is being available, wardrobe is being available, all the work will also be done. Brothers and sisters, listen carefully. Builder floor is 500 yards by 360 yards and  500 yards is available anywhere else in Sushant Lok, in a normal place like Palam Vihar or in your agriculture sector. You can get it in loot at a much lesser cost or at the same cost. It is in this prime location by a prime builder from Dwarka Expressway. Only one and a half minute distance is one such project, if you are interested in it then please WhatsApp 4bhk to me, see it once, if you understand after seeing it then take the inventory.  The payment plan is very creative and the position is going to be filled within a year. Its My One Construction Top Builder is a discovered thing inside and the month of March is the best month to take 30 because one has to do employment. IPO of the account is coming.  There are some brands, if you know that Signature's IPO is coming, then IPO is coming for many things, people are builders, they are also interested, good year, close the account at the right level in April, then that much.  There will be no incentive because the entire financial year is over, so the customer who has been roaming around for a long time and is spending his time in left and right news, then if you want to take it, then the market is bullish right now, it is a bullish market, the price points are very good, the more the further.  The upcoming plan is that the inventory is lined up at very higher rates. Fact is, one of the good things that you can choose from the current inventory is that I recommend that and please subscribe the channel, like and share.  thank you are you