Hello friends, I have brought today's topic on current times, the situation is very delicate, I will give 10 tips at many places, many videos are being made on this situation, put it in the mouth, put it in the nose, put it in the car, put money and put lemon, then I will help that person. I have not made any kind of video, I have made a video on practical tips. If you guys like it, if you like it logical then share it with your loved ones. I will tell you 10 points. I will tell you in my practical style. Please read till the end.  See and my tab point is very important, it can help many people, stick to it, the first point is, stay positive, stay positive, don't be negative, it is being discussed a lot, I am all about it, it has been positive, stay negative in your mind.  Remove one thing from it, it is called negative preparation. A negative preparation can be separated. Depression is that whatever can be negative for it.  For the guava to become clear, it does not mean to be please, remember to select the option, keep it in your house, that is also a task, but vote also Neetu, this is that, I will tell you, cut, first thing, the first tip is that thanks and not stop all.  Negative preparation is the first thing, second is this doctor, bring any doctor in your touch, this doctor is your acquaintance, friend of friend circle, friend of friend, relative, distant relative, any of your doctors can be career doctor, you choose this one. Those who are treating patients, do not think that today I am giving very practical tips that there is no one who is going to prescribe medicines. I was not trying to explain things in such a way that it means that this question should be explained a little more.  I will not tell you any such technical thing, I will tell you this mental thing. Catch a surgeon doctor who is treating crying patients. Ask a question to anyone in India. While driving a car, the road is like a brother. He and his will go here and there, he will say while going ahead.  directly  He will take the hand like this, you will do this, take the hand directly, in India no one asks questions to anyone, does not answer, this does not happen in our India, only you people know, if you are thinking, then you ask any doctor, he can be anyone.  Prithvi is proud, is there any line, is your hospital after a princely state, have you thought that you are a doctor, just like we have this much file in our thinking, then all the ships turn, must be this old man who is also a pilot, it is not that he is the same doctor current.  Don't think that the current is treating you.  Is it not? Has he retired 10 years ago or was he working from home? Now the one with the ₹ 300 cap is the one who is engaged in keeping the current of ours. This girl is engaged, talk to her, what is her reason in February?  Whatever strength was there in the channel today, now the matter is different, everything is changing and the jokes are the latest, whereas now you have to ask, I have suggested some medicines, some protocol, I have only specified that do not call the doctor just by such a name.  Hold on, there are lakhs of types of doctors, you are the doctor, first you are the junior doctor, first the child, when he is in school, but if he is seeing forty-five patients, then he knows what work has to be done now, what work he was doing earlier, only then what work should he do next.  The first one was the biggest thing, the third thing was to make soap in your hand in your house, this is the standard operating procedure in your house that if someone in our house dies, then how will we do, which utensils will be lost, who will feed the food. What kind of women will be there even if the women who make them are down there?  Will food be cooked? Can we prepare the utensils? How will the utensils be kept? How will the accounts be maintained? Discuss about it. Whatever deficiencies we have, should I fill those deficiencies by miniaturizing them in my house? Stop the clock, nothing is happening, everything is relaxed.  Available from Next But if there is anything for the needy, you can bring it and keep it, parents can bring it and keep it in many homes, there is something else like this on digestion, friends, download one, if the children are 10 years old, 12 years old, then this is also Ishwari.  10, 12 and 14 year old children are also performing very well, they are scolding even one of their children, but from now on, parents have to guide them and keep their things with them. Flipkart: Keep only the things which last for 10-12 days like bicycle.  What happens is that it is worth the money. The fourth thing is that those who have not done 4G and those who are doing receivers have done it or those who had done it, please adopt it. Share the experience with those close to you. Don't be proud of yourself. I talk to many people. Do it now. How did it happen? Now nothing has happened to me. Those who look at me feel as if their juice has gone out. If you want to know in the voice then only that.  Tell me how it happened, it will be beneficial for someone, I am not condemning anyone here, neither the people to whom it is happening nor even those who are telling anything, either they are feeling shy or scared and secondly, we have seen that a lot.  only more people  One feels that this WhatsApp is in the air because it is very difficult to explain one's sense of failure to people that I was meeting the world, was taking precautions and was not taking precautions, so say this is in the air because when  If you say it in the air, then you will face problems, shift winds, nature and Assam Government, do not say that I have been meeting people for so many days, then I will request this to anyone who is related to me to check. If someone's real brother has the same experience, CNN has said that the age difference between these two is four years, same means that your body structure is the same, then whatever happened to him by doing honey work, do it to you also, see, I am not a doctor, this Disclaimer, it is possible that all backward missions may be different, okay, so that is not his thing, but ask the people closest to you what happened in your experience because this is endless which is WhatsApp, put it in your nose, put this, now what is that about him?  There is a guarantee that it had happened to him and he put it in his nose in this channel and it will be beneficial by putting it. There is no guarantee that your brother has made this buffalo. This is of the doctor whom I did in the earlier example, who is seeing it every day.  If it is, then you put minutes on it. Okay, the fifth important quantity is the medicine that your doctor suggests to you. It has been done on the first, second and fourth day. Whatever the doctor told you, please, there are people who have come to take the medicine, who do not even know how to think.  Will there be some side effects or should I watch a little more? Yes, this experience is telling me that like the continental shelf, initially the flow is somewhat normal but suddenly on the fifth, sixth and seventh day things have worsened, after that Pan Shetty is more.  So he is already saying that if I have to add something on the second-third day then how much side effect will it cause, that is for you all to see. I am asking the doctor to take medicine, I am not affected by any of my medicines.  I am doing this in a very big way, I have to make it with responsibility, I am not making the videos in such a way that I take something, look, I am spreading the profit, whatever the doctor has suggested after seeing your temperature report and all that, you will have.  Have you ever gone to the doctor to get an operation done? Where the active will remind you while setting it beforehand. If you are sitting in the train, then you are sure that the driver will deliver it to you while sitting in the bus. No  If the daughter of the bridge will stay, then you will have to know your stomach, you will find many people here who are not able to do decision-making, whereas in the decision-making zone, there is no decision-making in buying a plot, in buying a flat, in buying a TV, in buying a fridge, AC or in getting married. It is happening here too, not even in the decision-making, this is a disease, the latest spread in our country is that of not doing decision-making because there is so much information, there is so much choice and it is always there that if something else gets worse, then  This one is my medicine, then there are other planets, that subject is an affair of suicide, the name had a meaning, only then I say, this medicine is good, then she gets angry at all the counters, who ever knows that this is good, this is also their marketing, someone goes.  This one makes a video, it is good, hey brother, take the medicine which your doctor tells you, it is okay, the sixth point of Thug Shetty by taking the name of God, this is the stickiness, it is a little patience, people are getting the test done in the beginning, okay post.  negative aa  But you should know that having fever is okay in the month of May and when there is so much fighting outside, read this, then think about the chances mathematically, what are the chances of it happening, people, it is immediate, three days is nothing, four days is nothing, don't consider it positive. Thoughts, if you accept that I am done, then first of all isolate yourself and drink hot water so that I will not tell you more in the video, but you should be mentally ready that yes.  And the body will start feeling that this is not some program, it is different, so in the process of going from negative to positive so soon, the first report of the parties was made negative after five days, then there was a program of opposition inside the body, but that too.  If 34 countries do not do it till the report comes, then there will be nine more days till then there is something else and it will be bad, so first catch it, make Shravan your eco system where I will do juice verification and inside your house, what I told you is soft.  These were the six things which had to be done, but it was not at the mind level, it was at the practical level that I have to do it in such a way that if I have to take me in a car, then in which car will I take it, it is XUV500, so after all, sitting on the seat is  There will be a distance of one foot, the glass will be lowered, the box will be lowered because if the person who is taking the patient is positive, then June is taking him too, then it is a portion plane, what precautions can be taken, what kind of thing can it be? She can use her brain but apply it right now because when she goes to someone's house and then wears something, it happens that her brain does not work. Those who are having Vineeta in their house are not having it, those who are sitting outside, whose  If this does not happen, after recovering, their mind is working, then keep such 24 phones of your acquaintance tight that if someone's death happens, then you will think out of your mind, because you will see that why did you keep it for yourself and for a loved one. Now  So your gift process will go through so much DPO, nothing will be understood, then the person who is well known in your circle, acquaintanceship, relationship, you believe in the place, stay in touch with him, he said, brother, if you want to do this, then give me this phone number.  And keep these accounts right now, after that there is no need to search on Google. Okay, so this understanding is for the children of 18 to 25 to 26 years of age. We should pay a lot of attention to old age.  It is okay, there are health issues among the experts, but another Surya is being refuted that the children who were studying were given a gram, some had to leave immediately, some had given a UPSC exam, some had come.  TK Sinha and Ka Someone is graduating, this problem has been put forward, a lot has happened in their life, many children are going towards depression, we have to catch them, our children will take us, we have to tell them what you want today.  Make them work, I want to make a separate video on this. There is 25 point glass in which 12 13 work has to be done by the parents and 12 13 work has to be done by the children. If the hybrid both of them wiped the subscriber base with the rod. If you want I can make a video on this.  What should I make, put it from 18 to 31, those who are working, have missed it, they have not been able to account, the eyes are undergoing operation and the tree inside which it is, what is the meaning or not?  Because his job is this, he has a child, he is married, he has come out of this thing, still he is seeing words in his likes, he is looking forward that it will be done, I have earned so much, I should do it, but this one which is the last one, 18 only 25 27 Pala, if you want, I will make a video on this. Please tell me. Eighth point, I am telling you that you have to stop watching the news channel. Its design is that by watching this news channel, you can find out who is Nandigram.  By how many votes did I win or lose? You get to know everything from him in the room next to you, through whose circumstances your child is going away. You don't realize this but we have to keep all the news of the world on ATI TV channel.  But we don't have time to talk to him, there is no inclination that we have to keep a lot of news, how many have become crying or patients, it is 14 lakhs, this is chosen, this is less, you show less, more is seen, it happens here.  So  It's like this, as long as you make your own cord, you are helpless and if knowing your power becomes less, then what will I do with it in someone's house, then what will I do with it? Look, many of the things I say may sound a bit bad, they can distract you, but it's also tasty.  That the real thing is you are not getting started life is ok and statistics got down everything Vikram ok very serious statistics in this circle benefits you could have got more change this  There is no need to do this, there is no delay in its decision-making lessons, there is no delay at all and the monitoring job will give us our control by keeping our patience. The channel is always based on the fact that every head will come to every house and take care of the country.  Progress comes on its own, don't let the public get busy with it, first set yours, get yours tired, after that when you have energy, make your brothers, sisters, family healthy, give them energy, then give energy to children, you want it and give it to them, and then save energy.  if only we go then  There is a shortage in India, first do yours because our natural love for us is natural, we know it, so it is for you to see, if I talk about the common man, he is a special man, he is doing good by doing all the good, it is the politicians who are doing it.  I am a smuggler, I am powerful, I am yours, I have 10,20,50 crores, please brother, call me, please help me, I am also big enough to make someone who can help the poor man, who can help the helpless man. Problem match and other such things like ironing, making the poor rich, but it is ok and secular, he doesn't do too much in these things, this thing is 98 of mine, to keep your mind pressed, learn new things, connect with people who  No, you can teach things, you can clearly see that the whole day is passing by, do this on WhatsApp, do this on Facebook, watch Netflix, do a zoom and then do it again and again, don't learn the tree of love, then what will lie ahead in your life.  what in july What will happen in the host, if it will be alright, then what will happen, what has to be done, we will have to think about that too, then we will have to think a little further, the seventh point which I told about the children, that point is so big in itself that it keeps many parents busy. If you want to report your energy, money and attention in the trees, then I have a great material of a video for those between 16 years to 2528 years, you guys tell me, I will go, the last point comes my  Look at the 10th point: You see the message that all the people are infected with Corona right now or someone in their family is suffering from some other problem or you are making an appeal related to it internally, it is okay, you are feeling tight, are you doing the profession again or somehow. The stress level may also be very high due to illness. For distance at any level, you can connect with me free of cost, I am telling you free of cost, I will suggest something to them, ok.  This NDA is for those people who have done a little puja type before, so it is okay to tell them also, if you want intense devotion, then I will give some such links that if you listen to their pronunciation, whatever problem you are facing.  It will not disappear, it is okay, it is said that if something happens, doctors and medicines cure it, but your strength to bear it is not there, Katrina ji, you have left your salary, there is a saying in Haryana that you should give up sugar before leaving, it means absolutely yes. What do you say when you don't sleep for many days? Stop knowing that something has gone wrong, leave your life, this is the one who has such courage, but someone's downfall, the affairs are not like this, there is no other man, so you can stay away from me, I will give you my number, Queen, now.  You can ask me on WhatsApp, I will give you a great rip, okay, this is for those people who believe in Sanatan Dharma, follow Sanatan Dharma and they believe that yes there is something like this, something will happen and then  In this we are in fact that's why I opened  I have given it now, the reason was that I need some help, if you will learn then I will give it to you, I will not charge anything for it, I will be very happy to help, it is a particular of every person that it is very important to help someone.  For this, one can do it with money, one can do it with knowledge, one can do it with speech, by giving a guarantee with love, that food is inside every person, what is mine is different, I will add my own to the ones who are yet to come.  Will came in days In the Be Making More videos and all the videos, I will talk about this only, you and I should keep our morals, we have to talk about some more things and also have some more clarity, that is, if we talk about this the whole day, then the country's mobile becomes down at all hard. Thank you and porter these things will take me further in this live. How did you like this video? Please tell me and please share it with as many people as you can because this is my tab point which I share with many people from my heart.  I want to help people, whoever is in that kind of problem, I had told you, you can ask me, please subscribe the channel, if you have not done so yet, like this video, comment who want to do, comment who want to join.  he can put it thank you