Hello friends, 10 stocks to make your Diwali sparkle. We will discuss these 10 stocks, you can add them to the watch list. Do your own due diligence. Video is being made for education purpose. I am not a SEBI registered analyst, so this is my recommendation.  No but it is a unique idea that you guys sync with this idea no because I got all this branded very selectively I brought it  All these which will have stocks in them will have some link with real estate and this is why I am telling you about real estate and out of these, not a single one will be the stock of a real estate company, that too I will also tell you the reasoning, I will also discuss it and explain it in detail.  Even if the video gets long then definitely watch 10 Stocks Coming for You and what will be their returns till next Diwali, if that will be there on next Diwali, then the logic is for education purposes, what is mine, what is the real logic behind this choice?  There is a lot of boom in the estate market, a lot of goods have been sold, a lot of goods have been sold, the profit of the builder has been booked, the market knows that brother, look at the price of DLF, how much it has increased now, look at the price of Godrej properties because they declare.  Have they done it, but did they give these flats after making them or not? So, what are the other things in the market that in the coming time, if people will buy more houses, then there will be a rise in these companies. There are well-known rural companies.  Half of it will be a little less, it will be with logic, 10 out of 10, see which of the 10 do you already have, which one did you like or any better stock related to it, you can tell. If you can tell the logic, then let's start.  Coming out in the wooden space, whatever wooden furniture and door, the cupboard and this two-stock century plywood, when this video is being shot, its price is Rs 629, its price is ₹ 29.  Century Ply Board and another one in the same sector is Green Panel. The going rate is 3320 ₹ 22. When this video is being shot, okay, these are the two. Add them to the watch list. Download screener.in. Make a watch list and do your analysis.  You should look at low return on capital employed, you should look at return on equity, you should look at debt to equity, you should look at book value, you should look at the profit of last four quarters, then that will give you an idea that yes.  Friend, these are safe products and the promoter holding should be seen. You should see how much FIS DI has invested, then he gets the idea of ​​safety of stock. But in the coming time, if all these things are sold, then these doors have not been installed yet.  Is there any place where people have moved and did not get the wood work done? There are a lot of goods sold, so all the products I have brought in front of them, all the stocks and companies I have brought in front of them, I am seeing a lot of order books in front of them because  I know how much goods have been sold, more goods are being sold and more are being launched, but the work that has already been done in the last one and a half year, the construction will start, but now all these things have to be installed, if there is make-up, then two.  Stocks are done, they jump to the third level. Tiles is the top market leader in tiles. Kajaria is a tile company. There are others in this space. Do your due diligence to see if Sumani's is better than Kajaria.  If you understand the valuation, then you can do your analysis by putting it in the watch list. I have brought Kajaria Tiles 1276 for you to check. I am not repeatedly asking you to buy because nowadays there are a lot of rules and regulations.  You know and I bring very little money, you know it is not my daily work to come and stock every day, tell me something, this is well researched and well experienced, okay and all are physical things, this is software and I.  Finance and these are not stocks, these are all companies, okay, now Kajariya is done, if more houses will be built, then tap water sanitary vans and all this will also be useful, then Cera Sanitary Ware is the fourth stock for you, it is running at 8724, please note it. Put the fifth stock in the watch list. Now I have caught the paint sector in the fifth stock and here I have brought two stocks, one is our veteran stock Asian Paints which is running at 3068.  Now they have started moving into home improvement space also, it is not just related to paint, they are moving to other places too and is the best logistics company, not paint, but they have become a lot of people in this space. Videos and case studies.  You have done your research and the direct goods reach you immediately as soon as it is finished. The first supercomputer came to them in India, so it is good to do your due diligence. There is a company in this sector.  The small horse which I feel will run faster with time. Indigo Paints is priced at Rs 15007. Look, this house is so built, it has to be painted. There is no doubt that paint has to be done, inside also has to be done outside as well as many houses.  It will be as if India also becomes aspirational, there will be paint in the houses, like Diwali is now, so good results are expected in this quarter because Diwali was a little late, so do due diligence, your stocks are done. Next  Let's go to the stock, it is a very big company, it is a cement company, it is UltraTech Cement. Look, if so many houses and so much real estate have to be built, and infrastructure and roads and all this have to be built, then cement will be needed. So cement is not a new cement company today.  It is not at all easy to make, land acquisition cost and its material cost and what they say is green shoots, it is not that easy, the price of cement company giant UltraTech 8688 is going on.  It is 8688 for you, you can please note down this which you see, if you don't want to even make a watch list, you can note it because you can write it in the comment section also, it is okay that the price is like this, we will check it with great force, now you will say like this.  You didn't bring the company like this, there are open shirt cases also, isn't it, these are low hanging fruits, they are necessary somewhere, multi baggery is required in a year, 15 20  If you don't enjoy money then you can add this portfolio to your watch list and do your own due diligence. Now you may not have heard the name of this company much. It is a company called Castle Run Up, which makes CDS sinks.  There are very good sinks, there are kitchen sinks, this is their product, we have seen our stainless steel ones, now there are corded ones too and they are in high demand in high end luxury, this is a niche player.  The price of 802 is going on within this sector. Please do your due diligence. See for yourself. What are its cash flows, how many owners are there? Check yours. There is a link with real estate. I know things of this level in ultra luxury.  Looks like my last two stocks are left now. Look, if a lot of houses are bought then ACs will also be installed. At least ACs will be installed in the house. So many 2.5 crores, 4 crores, 5 crores houses worth so many crores are being sold.  In big cities, ACs will be installed by the builder. Now which company's AC will be installed? Okay, in the end I will also tell you why I did not tell the prices of the builders and why I did not tell the stocks of the builders. That too is real.  Have picked up the estate but did not tell about any builder, I will tell that too, so you see which one will I buy if AC increases, but normally like they say, it should be done only for long term because this long term is the cycle of real estate.  There are 5 more years to go and it has sold very well in the last three-four years but AC will be installed only then, brothers and sisters. When the house is ready and you move in, then AC will be needed, so there are no units at that stage right now.  There are lakhs of units available, so there will be a lot of demand. There are five to six bedrooms inside a house. There are three rooms and a drawing and dining room. These days, fully air conditioned units are coming and four BH's are having five to six units, so it is a lot.  Demand is about to come and S Sach Sach I am connected with real estate S Sach is also aspirational so today I have caught the theme of real estate so this is my last stock brothers and sisters, if the houses will be sold then people will shift in the houses then they will also sleep.  So it is true that there will be no mattresses, now it has to be broken in such a way that if you have bought a house worth Rs. 2.5 crores, then the mattresses are getting old which has been there since the time of Baba Adam for the last 12 years, so the same mattresses will be installed.  If you don't want to use fresh, then Sheela Firm is for you. If you understand the product, you must have heard the name of Sheela Firm Sleepwell Mattress, the name of the brand, it is theirs, the price is Rs 1013, so these are 10 stocks, all of them are from real estate, how many are in your portfolio.  How many do you agree with the theme? How many appeal to you? All are famous names. I did not tell you about such micro cap speculative stocks. Mostly these are well discovered stocks.  You must have heard the names of all these. Whoever is an average investor, maybe half of them may not have heard their names, but roughly you must have heard the names of eight stocks. So this Diwali, they should come in your watch list. What you want to buy is.  Your call, my job was to put it in your watch list here, for education purpose, now these have been told, please follow them, I have also told you the things, please check all the things.  There are no major issues, there are no red flags, there are no such things, I am telling you what to look for, so I am not making any stock recommendation here, please buy, okay, the disclosure is that that too is my own personal portfolio. M Holding an All of Them All of Them Okay, so if I told you out of myself, then I would have put my intelligence on my neck, what happens next, why do you shy away from telling normally? It is legal.  That buy it, that's the second one Oh you told me you told me look my buy price has not been this sum of them have been multi baggers for me that I put it a disclaimer and my purchase price has been for all of them quite  Lo, some of them I have but origin means I have been averaging upwards only when they are increasing means keep buying because a little money at a time.  It happens that you will buy all you have and buy only at the right time, but my average is very low, this price is better than what is going on, but if you discover today, then when morning comes, there is still runway, which is called opportunity, there is a lot available ahead.  It is still there and all these things work in the physical space, it is in the real space and I have not mentioned the stocks of the builders because what happens there, it does not make sense to check their profits in the market because the booking is happening today.  And money because the rules have changed for the builders and not the way they can show it on their accounts, so even a good person with a lot of knowledge faces difficulty in studying their accounts because the booking is happening today but  He cannot show it on paper, he is taking the money, then that position is being formed, then it will be shown in the next year, till the time the profit becomes visible on paper, the cycle may have reversed after 4 years or has been plotted out.  It has become stagnant and there is no further because the market is always forward looking and the market is so forward looking, so in all the shares I have mentioned, the price has not been done in the real estate stocks, I feel that the price is not done, however if you Godrej  If you look at the stock, Godrej Properties' stock is running around Rs 1820 or something, DLF's stock is running around Rs 600, it is fine now, so you can monitor them too, there has been a run up in them, but what about them?  That as soon as the goods are sold, the market comes to know that when it is announced that if this much of my goods has been sold then the share increases immediately, money has to come in, money has to be made, cash flow has to be made, margin has to be made and profit has to be made.  If they have to buy something else with the money, then it is difficult to understand the cash flow. Profit table can also be like this. I am not saying that it will not happen and if their stock price doubles tomorrow and increases, then do not say that  I had said this but I call it one thing, Circle of Competence, buy things which you understand but there are many choices in the stock market, you cannot buy all of them and leave them all, whatever logic you understand, whatever logic you understand. You can read now I can analyze their cash, their balance sheets, The way I can analyze the balance sheets of the stocks, what I have told you, I cannot analyze because what goods have been sold in it, it shows the inventory over  Hang and all this and will book later. It is booked now because how much square footage is sold goes beyond that. The actual numbers are out of phase. Some goods were not sold much in this quarter but in this quarter  Profit is being booked, money is coming in, so when the common investor sees it, he will say that this is a very good result, last year the profit was Rs 40 crore, this year it is Rs 150 crore, but that stock went down because of some fresh launch.  If there is no stock or no goods are sold and if there are a lot of fresh latches and there is a loss in this quarter, even then the stock is running away, then now it will be beyond the reach of a normal person, how is this happening, then it is a bit difficult to do that.  We also analyze, it takes a lot of effort and it should be done, the rest is your choice, the money is yours, never ever invest on borrowed conveyance, there is a lot of YouTube, I watch it once in a year for Diwali or  I come into it and my stocks do not change overnight. Next year also I think I will be holding most of them. If there is any negative in any particular stock which I am not, then I do not see it being negative then I will not. Be a I Think Selling Any of Them Something Truly Drawstring In this case, I would like to teach you people, if you want to learn then you can take membership of the channel or there will be paid webinars workshops, you can participate in them by coming directly, there will be nothing technical, there will be nothing which will be superficial like a common man.  Like Lal, who knows a little 2 P 3 E 5, he can understand it completely, like a down to earth leader, nothing to get, I am not a fan of any future options anyway.  I will tell you to stay away, who puts it, why it puts it, how it gets ruined, if you want to know that phenomenon, why you should stay away from all this trading business, which is going around and gives you the kick, if you are doing this or any of your relatives.  Are you doing it or were you thinking that I will read the books, I will know everything now I am ready and then I will become a trader. If you were thinking like this or  If you have started then why should you not do it, you should not go on that path, so if you want a detailed video for that, then please write that too as FNO or detail video, then I will give you information beyond that also that how.  There is a big scam in these things and you people should not go into these things. Okay, so I hope you will study these 10 stocks well, do your research on them, make your notes and learn and this stuff.  so sold out  And to make up this material which is real estate, because of everything it is make up, paint is make up work, tile is make up work, wood is make up work, mattress is make up work, sink is make up work, AC is make up work.  The work of makeup is that it comes in the makeup that that structure has been prepared and now it is sure to be covered and it should be covered with these things which these 10 stocks I told will be covered with these things. Okay, so do your due diligence.  give because From how much it has been sold, we can extrapolate and it is being sold further, it is not that it is sold now, it has stopped now, it is also being sold, it is being sold, so it has been sold so much, so much is being sold. So I have selected this theme for you guys, how did you like this Diwali? Please share, subscribe to the channel and also share this video. Thank you very much.