Hello friends, this is very interesting, this is the first time such a video is happening on the channel, it will never be done before. It will be very interesting. Watch till enter. Top 10 questions of subscribers, some comfortable, some uncomfortable personal, some good 10 questions which have been asked by you, I cover them.  It has been done, there is going to be a lot of learning in that, if there is learning in the answers to the questions, then here is the video with value addition. Before you think, I do n't know what the questions are.  If you ask a question quickly in the next sixty seconds, because it may be long, I will tell you in detail, it will be interesting, it will be fun too, so question 10. The first question is, sir, do you make a video against the boss, what is the point of making a person useless in a job. Do you ever say that you should do a job? If the job is not good, sometimes it is good, sometimes it is this, then I will give clarity on this because the videos are made from both the sides, so there is some confusion on this, I will clear it. Secondly, Sansa is always painted as a villain against the mother-in-law.  Are you or the elders, the old generation, or not, which birthday is simple, okay, good, that much, you will give clarity on it like this, Palace, because many a time, as a creator like this, you have to tell your audience that because of the thought process, you have to take the help of paper.  It is like Shekhar Gupta does Ishvi because all the tax points are kept in memory like this, try other wise and newspaper, you people know, right, so many topics from the third, so much knowledge, all this comes from mine means. Educate and what do you do, I will tell about it also. Okay, fourth, just the button. Is there any surefire way to avoid this if there is bitterness in life, then it will be very interesting. You must listen to it. Fifth, sir, how many videos do you have, so much play list, so much, all this.  Which is your favorite which we must watch? No more tears which are not so much for money. So which is your favorite that I will tell six.  Question Sir, the content is so good, it is so much fun, but your subscription does not make any difference, your subscription should be in a million, many people had earlier focused on I love this content, this is what someone among them asked that that comment subscribe means.  So now light up around 3100, okay, it's over, 31st is closed, okay, seventh, everyone has to go to the country immediately, those children want to go, this one is going, so his  There will be one thing above. Okay, eighth sir, you are not making videos on astrology on open channel right now, if you make them then what is made a comeback in this extremely intelligent question? Practice of focusing, Bhauji Tora's two videos, there is a lot of content of yours.  There is a lot of content, if you can explain it in one line, then tell me in one line, I will tell you about something and the tenth one is also very interesting, sir, you can explain it in your  Tell us about your life's journey, tell us about yourself and what you said, what you want to inspire, write this in the comments, note down the language, vote, if it should be on this, then all these 10 questions related to all started with first gym job.  I am not at all against job seekers, job givers, I am Fall Astrology Adverbs and Light, my work is to give people clarity so that they can feel relaxed, whether they should do the job or not, they should leave it. I do not give guidelines while awakening the gravity. The dream which the whole world knows and has the complete knowledge of India, always has fixed guidelines and is flexible. Whatever you do, you just have to do this, it can happen in this way, if it is desired, it should be done like this.  It is not possible that I want this and I will do this, like I can very well explain to you that I am also inside this life, I box together with this, perhaps how should I clarify the implications, then I do not make a clause.  If you want to fit me in a donor, sometimes it happens that a person does not understand, friend, you will be well, Guru, good, nice choice. On the side, you should think that I am a consultant. If you want to compare me with someone, then like Prashant Kishore ji. Well, I am in politics, for the common man, for the political parties, I just talk about the benefits of the person sitting in front. If the breath stops, then how can one control the daughter-in-law, and Abe, if the person sits, then how can one control the breath?  If I get free then will I be Prabhu or anti-70 administrator? I will make both the audios from both the sides. Like Sanjay and when you watch these videos from both the sides then you will ultimately become the flower of Reliance. This is the biggest ultimatum to control. This is the biggest ultimatum of knowledge.  There is but that laughter and happiness in the light too, on one side I want to explain to everyone that the list is okay that there is no evil, no one is good, what kind of series do you like, the marital one and this one, videos please comment on the comment section.  If it is okay for you to write on this then it takes a second. Sir, you always talk against the society in general and against the older generation. I don't remember one thing from my parents, like when I was young, I always heard that Shivlinga is okay, since childhood, you guys.  Even if you hear, then tell me the gender of Shivling, you are elder, you are elder, he is younger, he is two years younger, everything is forgiven to him, and those who are 2 years elder need a lot of maturity, so we are the parents of things first, 2628 years elder always learns in childhood.  It is always the fault of the elders. It is always the fault of the elders. These facts, if the one with a big car is enrolled in an accident than the one with a scooter, then the one with a burning car is the father. Do you know this, when it has been told so much in the society that everything will increase.  It is the mistake of the coriander, it is the mistake of the one who has more knowledge, and a great person can take many forms, knowledge is a mistake in physical abuse, money is a mistake in anything, then when it comes to periods.  If it comes then you become a social development. My name is not to be included in the complete list to the parents, but the road is to tell the parents that how can you be angry with your own product, you have produced them, children do not listen to us.  Have you ever thought that if you want more videos on this, then let me know. Very good videos will go to anti-parents as well. I show parents how much to do, where and what not to do. Switzerland Ever Forget These and Dependents of  Truth is the new generation, the new generation which is ours, there are new children who are born in T-20 in 1995. In the economic cycle, the situation is such that there is no need for appearance as much as their paint was not needed for their parents.  If the role of parents is coming in that matter then show the same thing and explain it and if you want these videos then please tell me. Third, when I want to answer, there are so many topics and knowledge.  And to say all this actually I want to tell people what is it's commitment from observing day-to-day life and Exclusive Motors Apni Sukh Mili without judging what is happening in my life by others and what is happening in the neighborhood. Well, people who get a lot of orgasms from me, in different chapter cities, it's always health benefits Vikram sir role snowball effect, she cries a lot, knowledge increases through To Sumir, I love you so much and the more you guys give me feedback, the more you tell me things and the more I tell my subscribers, the more I tell them, the more people hear the knowledge, the more people of today's generation, the knowledgeable Baba, keep listening to me.  Gaya Yuvak Slot Gyan It's Real Life What is Happening Is Never Welcome and List Mein Kisi Ka Moral Science Teacher Nahi Banta Which Is The Personality of Logic Too  Much and have enough of too much of judgment, I put in your hears everything possible that can do do do do do do subscribe my channel and if people like it and if they like it then I and the way to avoid asking the fourth question is this in my  This can be a very good topic. If you want such a topic then I will make a video on it. Just a hint. Today a question was asked and the answer was  Do things in your life as per your wish, only witness knows, this is a panacea line, do n't want to do job, have to do it, do n't know how to maintain a marriage, have to do some work, don't want to do it, have to do it with someone in some situation, We all have to make the most of the time promised by two people and compromise on frequent or long periods of time on a suspended basis and our Never being able to do anything in between as per your wish, this is one in Create Sweater, there is a request for a half hour video on this, the audience is you can write, you can write for 15 minutes, I will understand that there are some videos which will take only 25 minutes. If you don't understand something, sometimes what happens is because it's the era of Tik Tok that this trick is to suppress, the attention span is less but you can't explain it in 2 more minutes or 5 minutes, nor can you understand it, okay?  And next time I agree, time is precious but there are many topics which will take time to understand, so if you want to organize an audience, then write twenty-five minutes. There are many topics like I have, but I can never discuss them for 10 minutes.  If I don't want to make 7 minute videos, then I have kept those topics. If anyone asks for it, please keep it on the opposite side so that I can know how many 25 minute videos are there, if it is 500.  If you come to the comment section then friends videos welcome animated learning here what is the mean singh babbar channel j12 this question in everything will give his new begum interesting person on informing all of you is of no use to you so whenever it is beneficial to know you  There will be no benefit, if she works for many people, then she comes to you for the work of many people, then you can attract her. People say that old age does not go away like this.  People do n't come to meet me with these printed flowers. Hey brother, you don't have anything to give. We give money and money is everything. Even without money, people can be attracted only for money. This is your money anyway.  Will you give it to your children? If you don't give it to neighbors and passers-by, then the second difficult and interesting conversation list is I see most of the bridge and 1515 Tej for senior citizens. Now I saw this interesting story how can you give.  Water cannot be effective in the life of the person, so even death has come, people come to know after doing it once or twice, he always talks like this, praises about himself, what is the benefit to us, where are you from Chaudhary someone?  What can we do with the time? Can anyone get me a job today? Can anyone marry me to a very beautiful girl? Can anyone give me stock tips? Can anyone teach me about mutual funds? Can anyone help me with income tax? Can someone benefit me so much in my life?  If there are issues then interest is there, I have no interest in listening to your story and this thing has to be learned by very old people, ok, be interested in distant, ok, now next comes the fifth question of your videos, which plate according to you, watch most of my videos.  So let's go to the real estate guy who used to tell him the item number, move it first, there were item numbers and whistles used to come, I also know that item number, such a cricketer, Guru Tattva, hi, I am not worried,  Am not satisfied but that also has to be done. Birbal producer has to filter. Those who want to see lighter item numbers in the movie, then I call them item numbers. According to me, the list in my best videos is also sensitive. Do you do do do do you subscribe this channel.  It is also very important, you can subscribe, okay, if you don't feel like doing a job, then messages play list, if you ask me, I am money minded and  It is decision-making because from here everything is channeled into the world, from what you thought to what you can think about yourself in life, considering it to be the best possible scenario. It cannot be much different from what you can imagine in your life. Whatever negative thoughts we think in our mind, now why are those thoughts an objection, how do they come, how can they be changed and people are left with only positive and negative thoughts, all motivations are positive.  Negative: The most stupid e-thought of Soni Singh is that if he tells you to do something and by doing it you can get some good results, then you will be on his side, then you asked this question, I told you, the seventh question is to go to the country immediately, the form of hours of electricity is better than this.  Video will be made if you want, write the foreign country, write how many audiences are in demand, short answer is India, do not leave the country immediately, change present tense, it is not.  Only about Economic Times Talking of socio-economic security athleticism community Hey, what all the fuss in the world today and where have they gone today? It's okay but now no one is like this from the great but there are many reasons for this.  If you have to go, when you have to go, when you have to go, when you have to come, then you should go within 13 minutes and it does n't matter to anyone what one likes, some like it, some do n't like it. And the result is according to which, if there is something wrong with your neck, then give it that the one who has more conviction, more knowledge and more weight, only he will be able to speak, he also has the power to speak, so brother, I am frozen, who will I tell you, see if it is any advisor.  And there is no consultation which is practical like I say, huge fees are charged and the next party sits, he wants everything, you do whatever channel you want, it is his wish, but you cannot run such a consultancy, brother.  Sir, this is just a proposal, it is up to you to decide, you will tell me the hint and you will also tell me that the end result is this, the edit comes only then, those who give such advice to the high school students are sitting at every nook and corner, okay, that is his.  Do n't follow me brother, I will tell you, okay, you will find those people everywhere. Eighth Question: Videos on Astrology, I am not just normal, I was attracted to celebrities on the channel, Idea was that day.  Everybody ca n't understand and he ca n't even explain on the go that I will make hell in Pune, I will explain pat my extra classes on platinum yes so those who are volunteering from platinum number to second class are going on you don't join in June  Those who wish can also join by taking platinum membership. Old recordings will be learned. Fresh class is going on and will continue. Many students have joined or wanted to join. Those who have joined have done so.  Didn't even ask for how many days will it last, when will the course be over, then what will happen, we are yearning to get the stamp put on it, if the journey gets done then we don't wait for it, the fun in the class is the fun in learning, when that is the fun in learning.  Must have gone to close, will continue as long as you like, you can take platinum membership for notification. Singh said something which witch can really understand. Okay, if I find it, I can do some work on it. Okay.  So, I am in the process of writing to you and not doing its work, so many of my videos on Hansi Ki Dubkiyan, Singh Indian, it happens a lot in our life, it happens everywhere, it happens at many places, Anushka Marketing and Sales and bah bah bah many people.  Let's take advantage of that cement technology, which is gold, but if you understand it, then you will be allowed to take advantage, then I was asked a question like tell me in one line, then you should see this thing, if a fly falls in tea. If a fly falls into the tea and you see it, then you give the tea, but if the fly falls into the desi ghee, then you will not see the fly as a factor, you will not wear it, it is how the green, Shiv Singh, on this thing, one hour's admission was done on this alone.  A video of half an hour can be made on the side, inside it there is 20% to explain what is there in the bread, that fly is that and that is the food item, there is also liquid in summer in which the fly falls.  There is only one tea that goes with desi ghee, it does not go with desi ghee, it does not go in these differently in different situations, so in the situations of creative ways for the * comment mother and result for this award to match with desi ghee add times and sometime in the moment you too  Reject It This Church Sexual This Surefire Now One Will Get Deeper Got Longer I Wanted A Pencil Box Problem Stress Interesting Thing You  Not Find Books You Will Not Be Amazed That You Will Not Find Any Topic To Hai Yaar Topic To Google Crore Milenge But Send Message That I Will Tell You About My Last You Will Tell About Yourself About Your Life Subscribe Ask Kabir Hai Hua Hai Moal  Let the sword remain, I come, I come, the body remains, the value is the sword velvet, in this we are focused and furious about that you tell. Tell me, you are telling, you tell this, you, you, this, you, this, I want this, you, you, you, this, we ask for the certificate of Ramdev ji, we get to know how to do it in many things, we go to Sadguru, subscribe, give us the certificate that this is what we  We have entered the certificate business. Tell me who you are, where you were, what you were, it doesn't matter about your backstory. I have a 25 minute video ready on this also. Why biography should not be read from others.  Inspire because everyone's own story is an individual story, he does not tell his truth, everyone tells his in such a way that it seems as if I don't know what has happened, now there are many more about me, then my work has been good, I have always had no story.  Please write me, I go to school swinging like this, I have some such stories, okay, I am in a twisted environment, by the grace of God, Rao, okay, if I am in such an environment, if something like this is happening to me, then I will tell you, I will not tell you about the benefits, okay.  And the one which is not so called, how does it do by doing that swimming pool here? There is no need to be concerned about it because that too cannot be completed. If you want a video of yours, more on this, why do we have to rely on the life force of others?  Leave it to be, one should not even go and see what one is doing and if one looks down then whose life should be dependent on it, only we can depend on it only with those whom we know very well - our father, our mother, our Shivalinga, does anyone know their entire life?  There is no lie in it, it is visible who  How hard he works, what does n't he do, how does he think, what does he do, life of others is all in store, all are stories, you have n't seen any book, someone's quality has put it, you will inch, not even a single percent is guaranteed, there are so many biographies inside him and this.  Everything is made up of cricketers, they waste their time, it is made up of them, they have struggled, they have struggled with lakhs of people, no one reaches anywhere, now I will make a video again with probability, then left here only, okay, this is a whole new topic for you.  Okay, so what happens many times, it is the same relationship, just that what has been told seems right, it is understandable. Okay, so what is it, who is it that you have the backstory, then that cross is accurate and if she becomes a university, then focus.  This will focus on the person, not on the message. I want to give the focus on the message. Don't like people. Well, you have spirituality and this is your I am not a spiritual person. The person has a transformer 20% and  Spirit very nicely and cooling and which is connected till the end, write the age in me, understand it very well and write it down, read it in a little longer lines, we are Sanatan Gyan, which is without what it is, it is very simple, it also says that it is input and Output, I will tell you something different on this fabric, if you cannot change the input, then accept what is found. By changing the output, the input is the friendship movie that says accept, that spiritual clip. Goes towards 'Buddha ji's acceptance, I am not that person, I am just China loot that on the limited day of my audience, there are many circumstances when we give bad input in our shirt and see, we have ruined a white person forever which is a relationship.  Can be set and it ca n't come back then we say benefit but otherwise I believe input can be changed anytime so come I am happy with this transfer very transform a tree which I  People who meet me physically get distracted by whatever I tell them, so in an image meeting, in half an hour of the ideals I don't method, you will be face-2 also out of comfort zone we but I feel like it is immeasurably assembly will  Not Like The Intruding Friends And Status Okay They Also Know Because That And And Will Happen 2800 This Science And Spirituality Prosperity By But I  Will not in St. Lucia just change the time of winters ok so because we have to change now one plate will go this power will no longer subscribe Incidentally this time they should make a video so which can not be done white and ne why  It is not done I Bhiwandi Element Interesting Video Updates Want You Crystal Middle Ok Apne Mein Very Big And Good Will Be IS Stopped At Exactly 10 Minutes Ankit Ko