Hello friends, today I have brought 10 updates on Gurgaon and real estate market. Very small articles keep appearing in newspapers and social media. These six have attention-grabbing headlines on Rauniyar Properties lying vacant in Gurgaon rental market. Now that whole thing is not written wrong.  But he doesn't even read it, what is written in Purandar? Secondly, I want to ask, those who are from Municipal Corporation. Government officials have not done a survey of all your households to find out from whom tax is to be taken, when, who is to be collected and where, and these newspaper article writers, overnight, conduct a survey of all the households and find out that 60% of the households eat.  Now the update is that the one who was a PG model is searching for Gurgaon because no one wants to share due to privacy issues and should not be shared due to the code, so now those people who had prepared rooms in lots that I  That system of ten-fifteen-twenty people is slowly exploring possible housing will find traction especially one BHK coming forward one BHK is also available in affordable housing only at 7 to 8 to 9 cents and even there even more if 2nd is sold then  This service is like an apartment and going forward like an internet. Will do well in the rent. Gas switch off but and whatever issues are going on in the village right now, the situation is like this.  It is written 'Sixty', it is not true but the rents are not coming as much as they were coming, when are they coming, models are changing, people's requirements are changing, everybody has no preference, Sapna Tala, choose your room, whether it is of two rooms or 1BHK.  Or the cement company needs independence. This change is definitely happening. You were asking me to make this model work and let's build 1520 rooms and rent them.  We will eat from life, that is not possible, this is a take away, this update is the second updated, there is a lot of discussion that it will only happen in the future, it will happen now, this six months child, this has been going on for many years, so I want to finally settle whether to shift or not. Till February 2030, 15 years will be completed, after that it will be valuable. Now the government started talking like that. Nitin Gadkari ji said that the existing toll blocks will be broken, they will remain with GPS.  We will enable it but overall there is a lot of discussion going on about it. The main thing is that a window was opened in 8 205 months. By the way the time will be over so there is no use in discussing NSS now. Third commercial sir is coming to Gurgaon in large numbers.  They are coming from different places, earlier I used to say to retail investors, stay away from them, now I am an institutional typing master and don't have much money, I will also say to Chennai Jamun that There is still a lot more supply left, no meaning, very slow typed, small meaning, if a new entrant in real estate will also do stupid one- liner contemplations as to how much supply is there, you guys can see, yes, that is the question of commercial, in which no expenditure is made.  If my income from my shop is not ₹ 50 then I will pay ₹ 40,000 as rent, so people have to understand that just because something is commercial does not mean it is commercial.  The activity is as high as the request for a commercial like how much is required for a thousand patients per doctor, how much is the G-20 pension required, how many are required for thousands of teachers, how many are required for a policeman, there is a system which calculates in every country that there is cow protection in that country.  So this much is there in ours, if it is not there then this much is there, this much should be there, similarly in the calculation of commercial also you cannot make it endlessly, made it equal, it is going well, the number of chakli is very good.  If it comes, now both of them will not work on the ghost locket, then thirdly, if something else comes, then this is for you to see, it is very WhatsApp Night Space, this is it, you don't just vote in it, this is of no use, fourth point, there is Deendayal Upadhyay Schemes, there are some launches in it, this and that.  I subscribe 1.31 more pillow Hey Baba, if you have taken the name Deendayal, then how are you going, whom Deendayal weighs, for the common man, the police station is 1.5 crore one point.  So I am not a common man, right; there was no recipe in the registry below 180, it was there in Deendayal, so I took back my name, saying that in case of less than 140 to 150 accused, I will take advantage of it. Rest, I applied some lipstick and nail polish in it.  I will take it to that level by doing this, people want to avoid big townships, the structure is the same that this 501 program from cutter to cut, the project gets blown away by Ram.  As we move towards one side, whether the petrol program runs or lasts for many years, then you guys have to fold that, this is my fourth point, five-five, I am also getting questions, so I have updated them ST-  1 Sector-75 Sector which is Magic New Gurgaon Earlier there was only one Gurgaon and the pain of the road horses invite you to it Nude Morning Now SPR Road different names further Golf Course Road Golf Course Extension  While speaking different English, add this next one, now this one has started becoming New Gurgaon, I don't feel hug as New, no time comes tension, Greater is spoken or New Greater Noida Greater Mohini Greater Mumbai Division One Greater I will tell you all four  Yes, today it is Shaheen and 5175 Sector Manesar. If you speak Gurgaon then it is very good. If you speak New Gurgaon then the country is free. Say whatever you want, ok.  It is like the name of your child, whatever it may be, may it be Amit, it may be Sonu Monu, it is a bad omen, nothing is done by speaking some quacks, it is okay, speaking no makes one intelligent, if it is bad, then it is written in General Entry in 1956 that it is less than earning Rs 1 lakh today.  The map of Bhava Class along with the appointments list is now as if someone travels in a sleeper, even a millionaire can travel in the sleeper class. Who has forbidden it, but there is a sleeper class. Their income is this much, this is AC-3 going in sleeper class, this is this, this is this, this is 10, this is the economic dream, scratch it, there are many people like this, when they get the magic trick 99 oaths and solutions, then I believe that you This is my family advice before taking a house on rent, you will understand that you should not go straight and take it, but you are feeling big on us, yes, yes, you are going to take big and expensive ones and your  Salary and Joe dry 34 lakh party, if you rent it on the last day of the month, you will understand what I want to say, it is a paradise, you will do very well with affordable housing, double non-violent digest infrastructure is good here, everything is good but that eco  Some people need a system, the fun they enjoy in liking, that money will take many years to come and once it is started in one area at this time, this and that and that thing appears 50 times.  Speaker, some wish may come, higher wish may be that one, you become a hero type, it becomes an actor, it gets corrected, something becomes less, like this guy is like getting down, it was like doing extra with Amitabh Bachchan.  And I did n't know the roles of police when I saw them during the take-off and I used to think that policemen are good, some people used to become doctors, so it is like this in every area, many people ask me as soon as I do a project, how can I do a project, today even a general gets an increase in his salary.  70 is 80 thousand but 90,000 is good for Aela, it is fine for you but if you are going there with Chawla's salary then I feel that maybe you have a lot of batter 34 to go somewhere else Anonymous doesn't know  This is just one thing, who has told you that he is going, so you will see this, the sixth quantity of mine is that he will remain as close to the city as possible, the old cities, whatever are those points of your activities. Well, people say in real estate that the distance from the king's house is one year old and the distance for women depends on the distance they go, the less they go, then there is no king, today there are authorities, if this is an economic activity, then that.  And you also need the system, railway station, metro station or economic activities, we are very good, so even now you products are coming, you can buy it just because you think, no, I can't afford a 3BHK.  If you have to calibrate the rear, it is expected, then there is the policy near the city. The seventh point is that my budget session is very tempting and if I want to participate, then do not do this one. Man suit is not made in two and a half meter cloth, it is made laser.  Still, they really don't waste your money and now there is a builder of eight points whose aim is to take this gold beyond the common road in a very short time and there is the gold coming from Twitter, if you want to take it very much.  AC three tier is the same product, today it is available in Gurgaon market for Rs 60 1 lakh, it is ok, builder floor is available there, it is fine but I am giving update to the people, it will be available in Rs 3716 from the same builder at the same rate.  So at least you should be on the Dwarka Expressway side, a lot of products are coming. People should show patience so soon. 9:00 If you are not able to take the decision then there is no problem because we are in our transformation.  That will be my last point, 10 points, okay, now we are together, we are in transformation, you are not able to take the decision right now, it is also a Jain religion, it does not mean that you do not know how to take any special thing, there should be choice and transformation.  That document has been after related or has been kept in Nokia Mota, has given hallmarking moment, has kept the power steering on, the movement and transaction related to steering has been kept there, then if you  It is natural that you are a little confused, there is no need to worry about it, but till my point, the products of Deendayal which are coming and are being returned, till now I have no such friend whom I can tell, in general it is very good as long as it is affordable.  Whoever gives a little, even the one who worships Bachchan's brilliance, will not come to Deendayal. Give a lot and people will come in abundance, but that will happen when I make another video. If you guys want, then  Please write to me in the comment section, give me life that I am on Deendayal vs Affordable Housing or Deendayal Plot, tell us a template whether it is good or just development, is anything a plot, neither are we lining or go, okay, it is just a plot, three  It's kind, I will make four floors on it, so it's great. If you want me to make a video, I will make a detailed video on it. You write to me in the comment section and the last one is mine.  The point is yes, take my home construction, remove the normal one from your syllabus, you are not getting it, you are not getting it, don't take it, but the appointed Ramdev ji had got the auspicious marks in the early twenties, not all the companies, they had got it, it was so disgusting that the final people  If you have not subscribed to the service which was closed and used to be closed, then in the same way today the sellers of goods in the market will not say that the entry of this thing is very different, one or the other, one or the other.  The people of Delhi have nothing to do with the scheme and you, so it is very good, I will take my kitchen, I will break it, isn't it one and a half new? Now all the people of Delhi have brought down someone and improved them. Now we, the people of Delhi, are in front of you, but that subject.  I want to tell you one thing that these hacking and jerking does not happen in the program but it should be decided that it is a big advantage security is very good technology of subscribe review I have added.  You can ask me questions, I have also posted on Facebook that I can subscribe to my articles automatically, I will write it in the comment section, I will give it in the description, you click on it and subscribe to my channel. By combining the data that I have shared here, reading has its own fun, this video has its own fun, reading also has its own fun, if that data can be understood well then you will read my articles which are on different topics.  There are some pages of different genre and space, please share and like, thank you.