Hello friends, this is a very good video. Life changing video. Fact knowledge like in our Vedanta, like our Upanishads and old knowledge, India used to be like this, will everyone be able to understand, will everyone find it interesting? No, this is not for everyone.  Yes, let's see how many people understand that I could change the lives of so many people. I have made such videos earlier also. Many people understood and many people looked at the list. Reduce at every level. Okay, so sorry.  I will tell you, if you like it and you find it life changing, then please write in the comment section, the knowledge which cannot be applied in real life, I have given in this video and from tomorrow you can apply it in your life. So if you don't have knowledge, use some English words, use some Sanskrit words, let some people listen to you, listen to others, tell them to intelligent people, that if the said book is a good pallu, if it is not implemented in life, then its value is  0a is fine, then you are able to make increments from late, start with the story in your life, G Gyan, if you are straight, then do the recent 11, he is a thief and used to commit thefts, he is caught, he is presented in front of the king, the profile is made, ten starts.  It is done, the king tells him that he gives him the choice of 2003 punishments, choose his choice from this, he is done and Chakli has the punishment choice, he has to add more onions otherwise he will get shocked. Otherwise, there are gold coins, give them and wherever they are, the thief is also a little smart and when the onion comes, he subscribes and starts eating the onion. He kept eating, kept eating, kept eating. 1994 goes, does he raise his hand or not?  He will come and everyone says that then they become interested in him because he also meets with an accident, only one person is left, he doesn't stand and beat him, temple run starts, he has to eat some dry ginger, one, two, three  After reading he becomes no, he throws up his hands that he ca n't even eat, I will do one more, I will die, he can't eat the rest, 22nd he looks like a big idiot, what is he doing, okay then finally, he will get a hundred gold coins with his blood. Gives and leaves more than 90 hundred gold coins, we don't realize in our life that this happened, now my talk about you, sorry, my talk about you will end in the audience, is it the case that we start something and then leave?  First we eat onion, then we also eat code and leave with gold coins, we will write about the selection of marriage from career, leave aside the selection of friend, we are standing in the queue for toll tax and it is more in many places and it is moving slowly.  So we jump the line, today we do it, it goes away, how many places is it like this, you will write in the comment section, you will also participate, where you go through this phenomenon, you have to select friends, it is in the relationship where this gold is found.  Money was to be given in the beginning, first mother should eat onion and then garbage is also on the side, so how much of this is happening with you, where is it happening, you people have to write this in the comment section that I see children selecting career after 10th and 11th.  Let's get hold of SIM with me and I have consultation for different things. Then I need something else in college. After that, I want to do my own business. So brother, why did you get PCM? There is no clarity that if we get hold of one thing then that is it.  I have been holding on to my career in 12 years, there is salt in the mango notes, I should get permission soon, Neera, I have not learned anything, so eat onions, then go to get whipped, and then they continue to struggle, I have a base in investment, my money is invested here, my growth is going on.  The images and returns are there, at many places every person is eating onion in his life, then he is also eating code and then that is the meaning of gold currency, friends like final selection lock, then whom do you befriend whom?  You are in a relationship, how much of your time are you giving to him? Relax, you are not subscribing, maybe there is too much confusion about investment, you are not investing in the house, you are doing well, but you are doing something else easily. If the signature is on 37th, then it is.  Now after putting it in the school appointment list, keep it as follows: Thanks for getting the best in the generation, I want the best for the best tomorrow, the best job, pure, best relationship, the best sports, the best movie part.  Till date, from both of them, there is question based, anything reliable, width, best, subscribe, if something is happening in your life, then it stops you from getting the score. Had it happened extra, it seems like there is confusion, the dots are not connecting, then do let me know. When you want to eat onions, keep aside your hobbies, in situations you will have to eat code also, get your hobbies fulfilled and there will be many situations where gold coins have to be given, do not go through the process of all three, identify them.  Will do that where I had to eat this code while going through physical stress, I have to go through differential and eat, I have to go through discussed and eating onion, it was disgusting, okay we have to go out. If you have entered that system then you know.  It should be that how much more is mine and loot and Lakshmi not get out 90 ok if you don't want that situation then 45678 she would like to know only after eating onion and 99 but I am dumb there Revolt quickly, go on your horse, code also again, no need to do 9000, but at 9, you can also think, if there is a system, there is a lot of physical trace, then grind this, this is knowledge, this is in your everything only if you can.  From subject selection to bride and groom, what is happening to the celebs about how much this should not be done, what I am getting to know in my consultation is that people say, Bhai Saheb, many people or it has not happened now, do n't do that.  If you have done a lot, then do a little more, remove details from it, do not get shocked by all three things, do not attract, did you understand the audience that would like to hear some interesting and interesting things. To reduce the links, please go to the comment section.  I didn't like to put it, you can write it, I didn't understand it or did you taste it, both the stars made me know that I am such a content creator that yes, I have to bring it like this, but I will definitely bring it even if not more. Or of the mixer, but if it comes, then I will understand the level of the audience through this. Both things are important for me to understand. Please share it with those who understand it and like it to those who like Cigarette Number Six Pocket and your children.  Please do tell because even a 14 year old child will tear it apart and the child will understand that 22 23 24 of 2018 Don't do anything heavy like I want to become a pilot then it seems there is no fun in growing up.  The existence is coming, now he is not enjoying it, he has to go into hotel management, he has to go somewhere else, then it is okay, this can also be done with this, thank you.