Hello friends, this is the thousand video of D channel, there is a sense of achievement, there are thousands of videos in this, I am going to reveal a secret for my subscribers and mostly it is for subscribers because if the topic is not covered in complete detail, then curiosity is the one who listens first.  There will be more of them but you guys can share and subscribe just add if you like the content. What am I going to tell you in secret? Yes, I am in my content.  I am going to tell you a secret and talk about the future mission. You have seen a lot on YouTube, it is not that you watch my channel, a lot of people watch all the channels, but there is no purpose in what I bring. I have said it earlier.  Connect, do this, do that, do like that, why who enjoys real estate, who enjoys mother-in-law, why who enjoys relationships, why who enjoys stock market type things, why who enjoys different topics.  There is a lot of fun in psychology  Everyone knows it differently, I am saying that it is all linked up, today I am going to reveal the secret and you will like this video very much and I am doing one of my original research which has given me the knowledge, now do n't ask where it is, where it was written.  It's mine, it's me, I'm the original, okay and I take pride and getting most of my content very-very original through my thought process and observation, today I reveal that.  I am doing this, I have waited for the end in my 1000 videos, I have waited a lot of time, thousands of videos cannot be shot like this, okay, after 999 videos, I have waited to tell you this, so please watch till the end, will you understand or come on mother.  Let's take our country India, population of 140 crores, we are small bus from 35 crore families and if it is typed as father, mother, husband, wife, two children, then father and mother can do the account.  If you have an account of Rs 25 crore and ₹ 700, then 15 crore more are called family, which is divided from 5 to 6 crore, only the middle figure of a family of 35 crore is acceptable. If every family keeps itself happy, progresses, gets clarity, gets united.  Go be happy, take less money, the country will progress. Listen, if you look at our history, there are many books, there is a lot of knowledge, but I am telling you one thing. Call the invaders in our country slavery or Karanta. Call it or foreign invasion, even after facing thousands of years, we still survive. Father's heart beats for the children. Heart beats to save his family. There was love at the unit level, it was also at the community level, brotherhood. Let's call it all that.  It is gradually decreasing, where are we reaching next, what is happening, why is it happening, what is the attack on our country, what else is happening, that will be the complete discussion, I am telling you point by point first.  Point: I told you this, explained the concept of family unit. Second thing is that there was an attack on us by the invaders. They say that there is something in our personality, our personality does not disappear just like that, there must be something in it, it is a lion like this.  It is okay to do it, what is that thing, by doing it I have set the example of Delhi. Delhi has been looted 17 times in 1739 to 61, Delhi has been looted, Delhi has been looted, now look at Delhi even today.  See what happened, I will link up how Pet Rakhi was made from it, how it happened today, how how it came to the present times, what was there in the earlier times, I will tell you all about our third point, this first concept of mine, think that something was great at the family level, at the big level.  It was not such a great history, Aurangzeb 177 deaths, after that in 1947 you will see the vacuum is very strong, I don't know what is happening, this is a very strong attack on the fabric, now there is an attack on North India.  Only North India has been attacked. In history, we have to learn and benefit from South India also and South Indians should also benefit. We Indians are all one country. Now I will explain further. This fabric has been attacked. The focus has been taken somewhere else.  How am I going to tell him Crackers The Fishes The It is not that we are like this The He The The The exploited them if there was crack then axed them wherever they saw crack Casteism communication in society Whatever they  After completing this thing, first realize the concept that there is a concept which is different from the dividend rule, because the person who has to divide has to become like this, it is not so easy to divide, a couple lives well, takes seven rounds and lives happily.  You can't divide like this, I will tell you the best videos sometime, it does n't happen just like that and that's it, it's not that easy, so in the same way, remember this thing in life, these features exist in the Indian family.  They are being exploited, who is doing it, what is the calculation, they will move ahead, okay now the fifth point is what is happening inside the Indian family, how is it being done, you must be feeling that you are my audience, my audience is from 20 years to 8085.  It is a year old and is widely distributed. Everyone likes my content and it is applicable for everyone, so if you children are listening then follow it to your parents. Parents are listening.  So to him because my mission is the last structure of this family because what is it, before that there was brotherhood, there was community till village level, all that is done, now this is the last attack on the family, after this there is nothing anymore because why is this happening, what is happening. I will discuss it thoroughly in this video, so now what is the parents being taken to jump? Who is taking them, how they are taking them, this is a very subtle way, which is the way of taking them, which is of social media, of print media, of Illuminati.  People from outside, people from inside, earlier this attack was seen to be like a person coming on a horse or with a vehicle and he would go away with loot, kill and take something physical, now it is not so, now mislead the youth, break the structure of the family.  Separate the parents, separate the children, separate the whole system and tell someone else, I will keep telling you further, this is what is happening, but you take this mother that it has just been attacked, make her cry mother-  make father  I don't know what great things we have done and these children do n't like us at all, they don't serve us, they don't have any manners, they don't do anything, they don't listen to us, this is a very big thing, after this I will tell you that that letter is democracy, we all  We believe in democracy, there is a lot of democracy in India, there is a lot of freedom in our family, there is no democracy in our family, put your hand on your heart and say, whoever is the head of the family, there are children, someone in the family. Not democracy and this democracy was not so much earlier because if the father or the head or the servant spoke in proper Urdu type then he used to sacrifice his life less and the whole family used to agree but now there is no need for it, there is a very good army on the border.  We are as well protected today as we were in the last thousand years of history, that is why it is time for us to focus on other things. Your very home is under attack and that was Akram.  There are some more things in your life, I don't know what will happen, okay, so how can you concentrate on other things, now what about father and wife, there is no freedom for men, father's head's fourteenth position, so the system has given it to me.  Is that responsibility not coming out or will the system be different? Yes, his father also loved him, his beggar, his beggar, his beggar and that was his reason but now he is not needed, now democracy is needed and Democracy is missing, parents do bullying, it will not do, it will not, it will not do, it will not do, this is happening and the children are getting so much pressure that the children are breaking. The first one, which is of today's generation of parents, was born in the early 70s.  We used to perform better with one pressure. Now our mimosas have reduced. I used to go to the bathroom to go to the forest, I do n't know where. I used to carry a water bottle. When my comfort became less, my mimosas have reduced. So children.  By putting pressure on the child, he breaks down. Parents think that I am giving my child 32 marks. I can pass it. By putting pressure on it, the child says, I can't pass, so why should I attempt the question paper? Even if I do, my parents will not be happy with me and even if I am just passing, then who will be happy? 99 Still, if nothing happens in the future, then I do n't do anything for the parents, children.  40 I have a lot of comments and I have a lot of consultation, I am giving a song like this, father makes me fast, what is this about my child, please do n't even leave the government job, 40 and then what happens next, the seventh point will be the next point for the family.  The benefit is pain to the family, if you want to watch it on YouTube, but generally this thing is not ready to take responsibility, there is no clarity, it will not bring much happiness, the one who gives them clarity is like you.  What life are you living? This is animality. Come to me like this. You have to stabilize the old life. You have to do it like this. He is going straight to self actualization. Why is he not a muscleless hero? It is written in it that food, clothes, house and then self steam is this.  Then that self-actualization is big and they say leave it all, the father will give you bread, mother will make parathas and give it to you, the clothes will be cleaned by the washerman, these parents are dirty.  The teacher looks very good, it seems that this does not have to be reduced, why should one marry, why should one have children, because do not have children, do not marry, my body, my body is bad, in a society in which women are treated badly and are not respected.  In the countries where it does not exist, it has become trash. Catch the country. Wherever it goes with women, catch it. Which countries do you know and where they are given freedom? That freedom is of the utmost extent, that too is tolerated. But a house where women are not happy can never be happy. A house where women are not respected, these and those are being collected and are being attracted and they are numbering in crores. Now my attack on them will be based on the idea that brother is wrong, the society will have to be made aware because if this does not happen then someone, I am telling you, there is no need for extremism and external aggression, let the war go astray, they will remain lying and they will taste good.  it will take because do  Is it something like having the life of an animal, going to Chetna and doing it? Will he not tell you further? He will just tell you that whatever your life is, it is useless because if you are doing anything then why are you doing it? Get married and have a laptop.  This is becoming a loser generation which they are doing because there is no action or hard work in it. Mother, take her words, the words of the parents are always strict and they are not practical and that is the judgment of the parents.  Parents are feeling such grief, are n't they?  I am also telling you for help, give them democracy, your children will run away, they will not come under your control, do not try to control them because someone else will attract them, the world is trying to attract them with daily motivation of 2.5 crore subscribers. Motivation has reduced, what is less now? Those who have 10 lakh, 20 lakh, 30 lakh, 50 lakh, 70 lakh subscribers, collect them, do your 2.5 crore and give one to everyone.  Keep motivating, keep motivating, motivate yourself, the warrior who sits there and remains so excited, I am seeing you, I am getting to see you, I am feeling so good seeing someone, you are feeling so good, you are enjoying your life.  I should feel good looking at myself in the mirror. I never felt good looking at myself in the mirror as much as I feel good looking at her. She has changed a lot. She is doing something. Had she not changed then she would not have been sitting there. attractive and  There is another category, if you burst, you will do something, which means one, Guruji is calling for elections, okay, tell me your name, there is no problem in it, there is no question as to what is the conduct, what are you saying, making dependent, doing actions.  It is giving freedom, it is making one stand on one's feet, it is giving financial freedom, it is giving happiness, today being a normal person has become normal and now normal is the new.  It is becoming normal, it is becoming narrative. Tell me whether you are there or not because it is very easy to say, your content is very good, we enjoy it a lot, you make it our own, we understand all that by doing our 2 crores, 3 crores, 5 crores.  We will give, we will sit in our two and a half lakhs and people like it very much. They think that the funding restaurant is very good but less people come. People do not even want to have such a dhaba and I do not want to run such a community kitchen either, but  I am a fine dining type and I want you to reach out to more people. I have a request from you people because the upcoming content was very simple, the videos will be funny, happy and practical, there will be no attack on any person, but this system created.  It is as if what is left of the ridiculous financial influencers who have 30 lakh subscribers each. What are the credit card people telling the credit card people? Such money is in the credit card. What is that content? Brother, you will be saved because you will be able to make him cry. Then you will be able to do it like this. You are making people earn ₹ 90000 in affiliate marketing in each video by your secret.  5 Those who earned 12 lakh rupees by counting the benefits of credit card and installing an app on it, are turning the next listener into a person worth Rs 2500. Hey, don't make it up friend, better promote yourself, say match.  Ahanshah, take knowledge from the emperor and give the emperor some money and if that knowledge doesn't seem right then hit the code and say next time it doesn't come on your box, take this, take this app, take this, cold cold cool cool why are you doing this?  You have done ridiculous things, put ₹2 here, increase ₹4, do it like this, then you will get those coins, play the game by making coins, make one, what and why are the youth enjoying because  In this they feel that they are doing something, I am short by 2.5 thousand rupees, I am a child, how much is your Rs 420 per month in 6 months, you have consumed so much data, is it okay, then this is starting to be called ridiculous content.  This is happening because the teacher comes and joins us, we know that I did it like this, I did it like this, Sir, the youth has time, he has energy, he has to utilize his time, something is wrong, the matter of parents is being misrepresented.  The parents are not listening because the family has been broken. The fabric of the family has been broken. Now the children have realized that they are not listening to their parents. It has gone to this extent. Why are they not listening because butter is our bread and butter?  They keep giving the knowledge to make their own happiness, but Sunny is not theirs, now she is ready to listen to any donkey that wake up please pick up the parents from the next generation, brother, democracy will remain together and talk.  What is to be done next in life, does it feel right for you, does it feel like this, children will get up and down, go left, right, left, right, left right and that's just those 3 crore 5 crore children who are in this group.  20 to 24 people will become like that, I see, they will go then this ridiculous number who will fail in the country, relief, it will become normalized because what is the problem when you fail in the class, suggestions and all.  If you pass, it feels great, but if there was a paper in which everyone failed, then the paper itself was bad, then you were bound to fail, this is the escape route, isn't it, because it is asked, what is your rank, how many parents are left too. Everyone does the same thing, what happened to others, well, it is happening to them too, it is happening to you too, so it is normal, people do not see in the absolute sense, what is my potential, what can I achieve in life.  Am  And where am I reaching? So the videos that will be there in the coming time will be a little egg now and you will get clarity and you will enjoy the comedy as well, you will feel like sitting in your stomach, tears of happiness will also come out of your eyes and families have to be united. I always say this, stay together, stay close, you cannot stay in the roof, next to each other, follow, it is very interesting, there were 1000 videos, share, like and then 100001 then next.  The one who will earn 2000 rupees, now we will have a journey from this thousand to 2000 videos, will I be successful in giving birth to him, will I succeed in making the Indian family system disintegrating, going to their respective places, going to their own thought process.  My body, my district, my district, what they are doing is not right, it is not that easy, we cannot say that no one will give birth to your child. His body is getting damaged, his liver is getting damaged, his future is getting damaged and ruined. Society does matter. Share, Like, Thank You.