Hello friends, great news for Gurgaon, Aravalli Wild Century Safari, not one thousand, 10,000, it is a big news to read, it is very good and the gold which is coming in the area, do side effects because it is in between the two and this is very good for both of them here.  There has been a meeting with the positive environment minister, if it is ready, then it is a very good thing, subscribe, but encroachment and cement plant, subscribe, but if here you  We will make some safaris, we will make wildlife safari wherever it is, if it is our own then no one can go there and make anything because now there will be guards there, people will keep an eye on it and it will be visible otherwise anyone would do anything and make anything and every day  Then some person from the department is going to break it, she was cutting the colonies and I am very much for all this, so I am happy that some good thing will also be made and G24 will become so good, it was always said to the clan people. is yours  It is available nearby, while roaming in the mall, you keep watching pictures, you keep eating all this, it is okay, now it will come today, in how many years will it come, you will know, but there is happiness in one thing, it is not the case here that some things are in many places. Banani Already Subscribe That will be huge money retention in 10 12 years Residential Institution that it will also release very good stories but what unites in this one then no plant setting up and existing  The system will remain exactly as it is, a little more in it, so that if it is implemented in itself, then many people will have money in this way, they will dissolve money in the population, it can be subscribed, the way it will be, then subscribe [music] them.  I will do it if you are interested then you can contact me on given whatsapp number that which production house this will affect positive deposit will reach slaughter of law enforcement  Do n't forget to subscribe and if you complete this side also then it will become the biggest safari in the entire world. This is what is happening in the city today in 2001. If you have not subscribed in Bigg Boss 2010 then there is a big lever to go there.  It is being built here in Gurgaon, this is the one at the point, this is the one that is being built, Dwarka Expressway is not a story, it is being built, the money will be given in 2 years, it is yours now.  It is done, your Sirius Global City is coming in area 3637, so this is good to tell, it is not like this in the middle of the city, it is far away, near the airport, then the planetary file is right here in the middle of the city, the place is on the left side, the thing is notified.  If more things are happening then it is very important, now that thing would have come in this year, in 2 years, in 3 years, in 4 years, in 5 years, we have started the plan once in a year, the money section has been done, start the work only then.  I am very-very happy about this, I do n't know when the Metro will come again and Dwarka Expressway. I have already told you why I am late, it will come but this thing will definitely come. Due to this, many eco systems will change, so there will be trees here.  -They are plants, they will remain the same and in growing and everything else, it is necessary to cut the water which is naturally sour. Subscribe Very Happy Birthday, wish you a very happy Ultimately Delhi's ok, so subscribe is a big project, like my channel, subscribe, share with people, whatever positive news comes, we should share the government's income, like should reduce tension, ok, enter anything.  It should be set on what is happening and the government should understand this.