Hello friends, this is a movie called 12th Fail. 12th Fail is a movie. We will discuss its effect. If you want details, I will make a review of the movie some other time. But what is its immediate effect on the society? We will discuss about the movie.  It has become a hit and is still running and it came on OTT and is also running in cinema halls. Vidhu is Vino Chopra ji's movie and Vikrant Massey ji is an actor. It is said that the work has been done very well.  If everything is the opinion of normal people, then I am not going to talk about the cinema of the picture, I am going to talk about the society. The essence of this movie is that Sharma ji is his son. It is important to say Sharma ji because as much as the movie and  By the way it is being shown, there was no less privilege, the cast is only above, that is one second thing which I want to tell, where I was very caught in that one scene, that one scene only, I am not much into it, I get sucked into it and it becomes IPS.  When the hero calls home, mom calls first, mom picks up and she is getting very emotional, then father comes running and says are you done, then he says yes, he has been selected, then after that father leaves him completely.  We are going and then the wife is asking, hey, what are you doing, tell him now his name will be Lake Casti Jam, I do n't want to tell much but I am going to tell him that my son has become an IPS, that's why IPS. If you look at it, it shows that there is going to be revenge in the society, in a way, I have now got power, now I will tell you, this is basically a spin picture of a coaching industry, this is a movie. People like me who were disillusioned with government jobs for two-three years and were also becoming successful, especially the middle class, because my audience is middle class, yes, a little above middle class, it is okay, but middle class.  till  Catch it, if you are not lower class then this movie has reset the meter and will again emphasize that even after failing like this, you can become like this, you can become like this even in the last attempt, then there is another dialogue in it that if you will not be selected.  So what will happen, I will not give up, I will not give up, I have recited the complete poem of Atal ji, so this ji should give up, giving up is a good thing, if someone will give up on something after trying again and again, then only then no one will try anything. No  So, those who don't give up will keep on going. This is what is happening when we turn from 20 to 35. Life will pass by while doing coaching. We did n't realize that the one who gave up at 23, who gave up at 24, never gave up at 26.  His life ended and whatever he was trying to do, he kept trying and he tells a story that he will not accept defeat and then the meter gets reset again and no one tells him again. A boy from a poor family, he keeps doing anything.  Even if he gets a job of 200 Haj, his work will be fine because he has made a lot of progress from his father, he got 50 of the 20, if anything gets made and if something good gets made then it will be good but for the middle class people, this is a reason of happiness.  It does not happen if the father is earning 2 lakhs or 5 lakhs and the son has not equaled him or the daughter has not gone ahead then the contribution is not a matter of happiness, there is a lot of pressure but this movie is on the youth.  The pressure seems to be increasing, it doesn't seem to be coming out, no one is coming and discussing the reality of government jobs. It is being shown and explained as if the country will change. Government servants do not change from the country. The country's servants never change. Only two people can change the country.  You tell me whether you agree or not, you will definitely get pain. Two people change the country. Both of them are hated a lot. The common man hates them but they are the ones who change. And I am not even saying that they change for the better or for the worse.  are but these are the things that change and these are the  They have been changing and they are changing every country, they are changing ours too and will change and this is the one who is going to bring the change, the politician and the other one are the businessmen and entrepreneurs. If the country is changing, then I think the one who cleans and picks up the dirt in this country.  That he is changing the country more and the rest who keep on eating and spitting dirty gutka are also changing the country but they are destroying the country and the one who is cleaning is cleaning the houses everywhere. He is more likely to be picking up garbage than changing the country, so whenever the word of changing the country is used, then one word should be associated with it, vision, vision, so the vision is either with the politician or the leader, this is with the businessman and  No one has it, the rest are those people who are told things, given orders and they do the work. Since when did the workers start changing? They are working, they are doing what they are told, so this is this.  to movies  It will be fantasized a lot, unfortunately it is popular because when a large section of people stay in jobs for 10 to 15 years, it suits everyone, it suits the government section, it suits the entire society, that if there are no jobs like that then  One is preparing for the job, there is hope and until all the attempts are made, which is a special one, if you come from the caste and then for 37 years.  Edge has given you unlimited attempts, don't stop even at one six, start from 15, two, 20, 22, maybe don't glamorize this thing, then it is better to show some pain in it, but that pain is not shown that it is on the path of work.  You should not go if you are not even close to this and ultimately you have done so much in coaching because if you want, I will tell you the details about government jobs, these jobs are not worth anything right now.  If the youth is joining in 2024 then it is not worth it now, someone was doing it for 10-20 years, it is a different matter to keep going, although he is also suffering but now it is worth doing otherwise if you want clarity beyond that then GJ.  Write the meaning of GJ, I will get it, G means job from government, J means job on government job, a very explosive and good video will come with complete practicality and what do they say in the local language.  In language UP or Garda Garda Ukhta Dega Uda Dega, whatever it is, okay, in this picture you got the glam glamor of a glamorized job that will become like this, then he will take revenge, then he will raise his voice, it looks very good on the screen.  The government servants who are doing jobs for a particular section, they know that there is nothing like this, you cannot start work with a feeling of revenge that I was not heard in the society till now, their time will come.  Due to this, they go into Tata Teena mode and if you look carefully, many of the IAS and IPS bureaucrats, leave aside that, and even those doing small government jobs, are not getting YouTube4 for themselves, that Tata Teena is not happening at all.  Have you ever seen that even these service rules are not seen to be broken because it is said that whenever our airport comes to your airport, the secretaries of these film stars call and tell that madam, the plane is leaving now. I reach there at this time to take photos and then go there and say o o o by doing like this, it doesn't mean that after looking at the whole airport and going, nowadays everyone is not here, everyone has to appear in glamour, they have to appear in social media, according to me it is fine.  It is not happening. If you are a government employee, then brother, stay in anonymity in your government. If you want name, you want recognition, if you want something else, then come here and do it now. If you have to do that work, then you have to get the work done on the road, and here you have done it.  This way  They have to act as if they don't know what they are doing and all that is visible. There are women officers and there are male officers too, they are standing like this, they are scolding someone like this, she has taken a class, so and so has taken a class, you are in official language, in official work.  Whatever is happening somewhere is fine whether it is state administration or district administration, its official has kept it trivial as if that hero picture had come out, isn't it like that?  The Chief Minister on the move is taking decisions on the spot. He is misleading the youth. There is no taste in real life, no one listens and you cannot uproot someone in such a way that it seems that you have taken his class, he has also taken it.  It doesn't matter to anyone, someone is pretending that I have changed, there has been some change, there is nothing like that, as per the normal constitution, the country is moving slowly like an elephant, taking so much glory in it is like taking a job.  only that Getting a job has become something in itself. What do you do in a job, that is more important and there is no glory in a job, no, you are a servant for 3035 years, you are doing your work, you are not making it easy for anyone and that is just because of that job. You struggled so much for seven, 10, 12 years to get that job, something must be very extraordinary and great, this is the biggest thing, that job is as it is, many years ago, beyond that.  The competition was less, now it has become very high. Once upon a time, you could get a job just by being a graduate. Now you don't know what kind of papads you have to make, so according to me, there is no point in glorifying it and we do not need this in the society.  This thing should be called out and it should not be glorified at all. In how many attempts have you eliminated someone in five out of 10 attempts? He is not worthy of praise. By doing any work like this, you will show that the society  If you did any work that benefited the public, did you show any innovation, did you show your brain, did you do something like this, then yes, you can show about it on social media, it should be clapped, it should get an award, whether it is a bureaucrat, a technocrat or a common man.  Okay, that should definitely be recognized but the very fact that you mean it is something like that when I became a leader, then a picture was made beyond that, he did some great work after becoming a leader, then it is understandable that someone in the assembly went for it.  Anyone can struggle, man, what is the need to glorify it so much? The whole world who wakes up in the morning is struggling. In fact, the lakhs and crores of people who could not become something, we should also discuss about them as to how they ended.  How did you go into depression and you should not go on this path? In fact, the government should say that you have to select only the employees ultimately, why do you select them after conducting so many tests?  You are happy because if you had selected so many diamonds in the government job then India would have become a developed country with GDP growth at 15 and would have become a 25 trillion dollar economy. This country is becoming a country only because of the kindness of politicians and businessmen. Middle class will hate listening to this normal citizen will hate Hey, we run, no, you don't run, you are made to work, we run  He is a businessman or a politician and the day the country starts giving him respect, the country will change in a different way and it is very difficult for someone to do a book and keep doing it like a parrot for 10-12 years. You are giving respect to him, give respect to him who does business.  He is doing business and is struggling there and has come all in his life, he can be ruined, he can also be prosperous, give respect to the one who has left everything as his.  He is busy in politics, hey, they are just having fun, so have fun, if the politicians and these bureaucrats, these businessmen are having fun, then who told you to spend 10 years in giving exams, then you too should do business directly and If you become a politician, then the society has to understand this thing. Unless you understand this thing, there will be no welfare of the society. And what is more than this, first of all you have done it.  Celebrated that he has become, then he leaves him after two-four-five years and starts coaching, then you start celebrating him, then what is happening to him, this is the meaning, who is teaching and who is telling and strict rules.  According to me, all these people who are active in the government should be there, brother, you should get so much youtube3, come and celebrate, hello friends, who has stopped the country, there is freedom of speech, but you have to come to the default setting that the camera caught someone else.  You might have caught your friend, you might have caught the driver, you might have caught someone else, he will upload yours from some other account, okay and then he will upload your music from behind, who is putting so much effort, for what purpose it is being uploaded? Is this 40000 50 600 thousand crore coaching industry being put in place to stop the dream from breaking? Will it never let this thing end? Other wise exams are conducted.  People prepare, why don't you ever show it to those who are preparing for 10th board exam and those who are preparing for 12th board exam, how hard they are working, show them how hard they are working, but you will not get anything by showing them because schools are  He is still in demand, he is doing the same, but you will show all these Aman bhaiyas of yours and which one is he and this is his, will you show where he went after coaching.  Keep following them, hey, see where you are going, they have reached here after doing their coaching industry, what is their job, what do they say to their cute, who is the one with glasses and who is the jazz person?  They will make everyone a king in every class and they are making kings. Three number questions of History come in their maximum IS but they are as if they make all the IS only. Number three question does not come in the paper.  Those who teach are fine, total syllabus is there in every syllabus, there is weightage in it, this one will get so many marks, this one will get so many marks, this modern history is this much, and the freedom movement is so much, and Harappa Mojdar is so much, and this one is so much, so much, that and that.  The flour is full and the public is mad and the public and the children are mad and I am saying that why are you doing this and that and then on that day a picture will come on them also that one day they will be so  If you applied for IAS, if you did not pass then you became a celebrity coach and all that, if you go beyond that then this is your own industry, the coaching industry itself is making such pictures and we do n't know why that identification [music] is attempted here.  You have done so much preparation, you are not even spoken to like this, so what is that, there is a crowd of Hindi medium people who also has to be brought because earlier it was said that only if you knew English, you would have been selected.  He said, no, Hindi people are also selected, so you also come here to become S because this is the bigger section, I want to ask that Hindi language is given so much in it, there must be some Tamil boy too who will know him in Tamil. Who listens to him when he speaks? In an interview, if he speaks in Telugu, Malayalam or Marathi or any other language or Bengali, do you listen? Tell me, have you got the advantage of Hindi? Because those who are going to be interviewed understand Hindi, tomorrow this voice will be raised that no no brother, the interview happens in Malayalam and they can't make it happen in Oriya and Tamil, this is a genuine question, there are many people who are Tamil, they speak only Tamil. Can't speak Hindi, now there must be many talented people who are very intelligent but they remained stuck on this because they couldn't speak in Tamil, they didn't understand English and they got rejected but this  If I am asking a simple question, then glorification is like this, we have to ask such questions in the society, don't glorify after so many years, then add that love story of theirs in it, then the whole package becomes a good one. Look at that one child who is studying coaching outside, that if any girl also becomes like this and I become one in struggle, then for their dream, they have made that thing like this. If it was only a movie, then it would have been like this. offcourse so much discussion  There is no need for this but it has done something like this that what is real life now, isn't it real, the movies which are now animal type come out, this comes out which comes out, Hawabaaji Pathan Pathan Jawan, this is this, let's show something on screen. You know, I can't do this in real life, I will get slapped or something will happen, I will do such things, but these movies, which are close to real life, sometimes cause a lot of harm instead of benefit. Although  Emotions and chords will touch you right, your emotions have to come out, you have to realize it, but yet they will do harm, absolutely seemingly docile, and it would have been nice, how can you find a problem with this movie too, okay, then such movies will create a mess in the mind. The youth of many people needs to start doing something rather than 15 years. They spend 99.9% of their life and people waste it and that % is like this.  When they reach the government job tired and exhausted, they feel that they have shown so much achievement on the very first day, now they feel what work has to be done next, there is no fun in the work, no one is watching, then they put their reel there.  The bureaucrat is standing. Yes, I am standing on the spot, so I took a photo, so see, brother, I was standing there, no one will ask that brother, why did you not clean the drains six months ago, why did you pour concrete here, this is your pipeline.  She was lying broken, now what will happen while standing there, officers were standing on the spot, order came from there, all the officers should stand on the spot and then put down their youtube4, suspend the government officers who are of small level, yes this.  It is a drama, it is a drama, I think we need to call out and it starts from here the selection because this selection is also coming through this model, Tata Teena is showing again this job.  Tata Teena is also doing the same and all this Tata Teena is happening in your face, so I hope the general public will call this thing out, understand, watch, like, share. If you have not subscribed to the channel, then please subscribe. Thank you very much.