Hello friends, this is going to be a very important video, if you have children and they are above 11 years of age, there are children of 11 to 19-20 years of age, this is also a very important video, please spread it, make it a syllabus or pointers, I am going to tell you 15 things. You don't have to make your children learn, they have to learn, you have to make them learn for the best life. Many parents are always worried about what will become of them, how will they get marks in studies. What will he do, what won't he do, why do I worry later, how will the marriage work, what kind of boy or girl will my child become? I am saying that do 15 things, your child's life is going to be very good and it is not like that in the future.  It is going to be good after going to the present and it is going to make your life very good. It is a very simple and practical thing. Long wind-baazi is not my thing at all. You know, I don't have the knowledge of story, cut, copy paste. It is not such a thing that I have brought something out of a foreign book. you have to have  Out of 15, please write down how many things you are already doing and how many things you will get done, please do tell. Please do write this as feedback in the comment area and forward this video to your child. What happens many times when you want to teach, the child becomes like this.  It happens to children also, I heard that if you are listening to Bachcha Party, then firstly, it is okay to subscribe to the channel and secondly, if you do 15 out of 15 things, I am addressing the children, then you will be very happy.  You will get empowerment and control in life. The first thing a child has to learn as soon as he wakes up in the morning is to make his bed. Making a bed means as soon as he wakes up, the child goes to brush his teeth, someone is the father for water, someone does something else, preparation for school is made, the bed is like this.  It is a relief that the child is older than 10 11 years, no matter how much 12 13 18 15 it is fine, so now he has the power to do something which 11-12 year old children cannot do but can do later.  Then you can see further appropriate. According to me, children above 12 years of age can do all the work. Making the bed properly. First of all, take your bedsheet, fold the bedsheet in such a way that all the energy comes out of you, fold it properly and make the bed.  Taking out that slip, you should know this thing, this thing has been shown, the most important thing is taught is caste, if you check if any of your relatives are acquaintances, because there are people in my knowledge, then I talk to those who are in the military.  The first thing they are taught is caste because they are told that they are told that they don't know what will happen to them during the day, but when they come back, they will get their own clean bed. For Sony, if you leave the room like this, then life has destroyed it.  I have to put some surprise on you, the athlete of the day, this thing is guaranteed that the one who gets it from the bed in the room, the first thing, secondly, give exact training to the children to clean their bathroom which is theirs, that is yours once in 6 weeks.  I pushed harder  The entire commode and all that happens like wise, wiping your toilet sari, keeping it well, testing it, one has metro habit, you are getting your bathroom cleaned by your child and also telling him that if you have to go after wiping the wiper, then I will remain completely happy.  If you have a towel behind you, then you have to dry your clothes that have become dirty. Wherever you have a laundry basket, if you have to keep them, then this is the second thing. 15 things, I am telling you, this is the second thing, the third thing.  The thing that children have to learn is that you will not have to do it every day or sometimes whenever you have to, they should know how to put their clothes in the washing machine. They should know how much detergent to put and not which clothes to put together. What is that, only the lady has a headache, you have a washing machine to eat, it does not require any effort but this is an activity, if the child washes his raw vest once, I will put it in it, the hygiene factor is also a good relief and that  He will dry his clothes on his own and when they are dry, he will take them off and keep them. This is a habit he has to get into once, he will put in a little bit of opposition, but this is very good. Then he is not asking where he has put his socks. You are not mixing the clothes and putting them in.  Yes, he will come to know in future too, whenever he grows up, how much detergent is used, how the clothes are washed, which colors are left behind, or who leave these or I, what happens when some people leave some paper inside, okay? of paint and that  The dust will go and the head will become white. Let them do all the scandals. Let them know what can happen, how when you check, someone leaves a coin, someone leaves something, either for the dust or with whom.  It is said that if you take out the white of the towel and put it on the paint, then everything will be known that it is yours please, okay, after that the fourth point is very simple, the fan in his room will clean it once a week, it is very important and on top of that,  I am speaking from below during the week.  It takes 20-25 days for it to get dirty and if you clean it once a week then it is absolutely a relief to wear the Spices because if it gets very dirty then it does n't even get that clean, no matter how much you clean it then once a week.  He can clean it anytime, after that the fifth point is to set up your child's wardrobe, you teach him, okay, which clothes, how to keep them, where are his books kept, everything should be readily available, when you say these things today. What is depression being seen in children? I am having a consultation. Hey, I had heard about depression in children later in adults. Children are busy with nothing to do. They have to get rid of the mobile. Hey, please give them this list of 15.  And tell me son or daughter, whatever you want to do, you do it, at least you don't have to do so much at home, how many cashews are being used to raise the children, aren't the parents too many themselves? I am addressing the women of your house.  Half of the irritation is that you can adopt this thing for your small children. Look, after the stage, two-four year old children are a different thing, but when they are 12 years old, they will reach your height, boys.  So they reach early, they have to do it, if you don't get it done, they will cry, marital life will be spoiled, girls are told that yes, she is a girl, brother is putting it to work, do it to the boy too, he is not in his future wife.  If you do it yourself then it is very touching and you should know how to do it and only those boys who have learned all the things are successful in marital life and they also attract the opposite sex further. So no, this does not attract the woman so much, does the house taxes come down from this and that would make you think, yes man, he also has some Lakhan, his mother has taught him something, otherwise your own daughter-in-law will come and say that your mother had taught him something.  It depends on how much his mother taught him and how much his friend learns from whom you are marrying. But for dialogue, teach him this thing. Let's go ahead, you have taught him how to set the wardrobe. After that, apply Chhath point once in 15 days.  There should not be too much joy and it will automatically become a present on the day. Its practical utility will also come to him on the day when you and your children will wash the utensils together. On the day the maid will not come, he should know how to wash the utensils and how much soap it takes.  If there is a dishwasher then how is it put in the dishwasher? How is food thrown towards the tea bar? It's a caste. The one with blood doesn't stick to the steel one. It doesn't stick to that one. That one sticks to that one. This one sticks to this one. It comes like this.  And don't put the head in the bowl, how do you put pulses in the bowl? This is how it wakes up, then water has to be opened, this is how else we do it. One gram of water is poured here, this vessel is poured here, after drying, pulses are taken here, after that here  pulses go like this once  Once she gets to know the procedure, it will bring a lot of confidence in her. It will be there in the beginning. The family has to be on the same page, otherwise after watching this video, the woman will be completely impressed. The father will say, what are you doing to my son?  You will become a man, just by washing these utensils, a man does not become impotent. Even today in this world, if food is being prepared, it is filling the stomach of 100 people and the food is being prepared, then the majority of the food in the world is men.  It is also a fact that a woman is not cooking; a man can cook a story; a story that can be prepared in a hotel, hostel, a langar; a story that is prepared by women in homes; mostly, the food that is being cooked in a book, whether it is ready-made, check the story. Thousands of people are also being prepared there, man's strength is required to cook and do all this, it is not from the story that there are less women, it has always been done by men, it is okay, more or less, the amount of food prepared in the world till date, in the last 10,000 years  More  Men prepared food and women prepared less. Okay, so this should be known. After that, the seventh point is whether your child is above 12-14 years of age, whether it is a boy or a girl, he should know how to prepare dal, rice and a dry vegetable.  If you feel that Soni is married or is she married and should she know how to cut fruits? People don't know how to cut papaya. It's ok. You are a human child, you have hands, thumb reduces everything, you can't cut it, oh his hand.  It will be cut, teach him, he should know how to cut onion, he should know how to cut tomato, he should know how to cut lemon, I am telling you the basic things, salad, tell me, you will do as many hand activities as you can, I will make a separate video sometime, depression does not happen to those who have depression, right?  If you start doing hand activities, then start cutting with your hands. This is very important. Please, if the date is fine, then you should have basic cutting skills. Many times, mother is like this, I have to do it, mother says oh you.  Onion is the second child of Tomato Cat, I am doing this, please do n't get involved, son, just study, get a job of Rs 40,000, do something, if ITM is taken out, then maybe it will be flooded. 4.001% of taking out, this guy's chase point is 0001%. 99.5% of the time it has to happen that nothing happens and it is not even less and in a job of Rs 40000, neither the broom nor the utensils are asked whether the lady keeps it or not, you prepare it.  Because the economic cycle is going on like this if you have not taught and I am saying this to the good rich families, you are blessed, you are not so rich that you can treat your child like a dog and all those people, there are those people in his house too, son. You are not with us Rahat daughter does not live with us but I am sending me made I am sending me I am sending this I am so rich those who are rich then spoil your loved ones Idli so they should also learn it is okay because from servants  Even to reduce, you should come to reduce. If you don't know what is 'hi', what the utensils say, then you don't know how the utensils speak correctly, have you ever? No, you do n't even know how you will check someone.  It is very important. Please stay connected. Food should be very important. It is a very basic thing. No, I am not a tea father, so what if I don't drink tea, otherwise what has happened. You should know how to prepare it as if it is distributed in the house. Okay, eighth point, do Paytm.  You should know how to do online banking, you should know how to do virtual assistant and make payment to him. Whatever is the name of the child, it is okay, give him milk, give him Paytm to brother, have you got his assistant, otherwise you do all the work yourself.  He himself will spend less money, he will get empowerment, ice cream will spend the child's expenses, whatever you spend less, you can make him independent, you can also open an account in his name, you can also put money in it, the vehicles are yours, give OTP show.  There is no game above 15-20 thousand, as if it is over then give it a try, there is something wrong, neither he can do it nor anyone else can do it with him, ok then this will make him very comfortable and teach him how to handle money like  When we go to petrol pump, we learn to handle the card, the same card whose Paytm is there, he knows how to swipe, he knows how to swipe, his confidence level will not be rocketed suddenly, his confidence level will be higher than the children next to him, look at the numbers, one child is getting 80%.  Who is getting 82? Who is getting 80? Who is getting 91? Who is 18? It doesn't matter. There is a lot of difference in personality. He will learn everything before the world, he will learn to do more, he will get the experience which other children's parents do not have. I am giving you the first and more advantage. Reduce all these. Okay, now the ninth point is very important. Whatever is the activity in the house, is it ever furniture? This is what is being cleaned, any activity is being done by an outsider, a person is of the child, I am not doing any of this because he is not capable, but let you understand what is the reason, if it is okay then tell them to stand and watch.  How to clean this, because when you see each one being cleaned, you will know that it has to be removed, you have to know it because the servicing that is done is done before the start of the season, it is okay once, but it is not done every time.  the one who  It is fake like this and it is caste, it does not know how to open and clean it, only then should it be involved, it is okay, D, child should be involved in this, it is okay, tenth, I am telling you this to the mother, because the father himself will not do it because he is serving the father.  Honey, okay, this is a big blessing and there is a mother in it, I don't know how much time and orientation there is, wherever the father comes from, look at the one who has money in his house, today it is very difficult to wish for money, there is a big one outside.  The world is bad, there is traffic jam, there is just tiredness, father comes back, just teach the child to give water to your father, say hello to father, how are you, and make tea. If you have taught this thing, then there will be great blessings in the life of the child. What is it, why science theory, don't ask too much in this because I am not telling anything wrong, just one activity to do for the whole day, don't ask in the morning, don't ask for leave, just father, when pocket water, people, father slippers.  Do a little service, it is very good, he is a human being, right, who has come from outside, so much blessings will come out from within him, he will be genuine. Look, we all love our children, who doesn't love them, but when a child does something, then it is a different thing.  The feeling comes that I am telling you to get it done for my father, not as if it is okay for anyone, so it is a very big thing if you do it, relax. 11 points: Make your child an assistant, like you would be a secretary type in the office, if you have one.  she is also a woman  The housewife is also working, her children still learn all this stuff, the housewife herself does not allow her children to do anything, I do not criticize the housewife, her butt is to show them something of her own that brother, we also do something, which the husband started asking.  So what does she do, that's why I give a little warning to the housewife, nowadays my videos are coming, she doesn't like it, but no problem, I will keep doing my work, okay, then you have to tell her that the child is your virtual one in the Google calendar type, which has your Aadhaar, PAN passport.  size photo  Do n't know when it is needed, don't know where and where you keep searching for it, make it a digital locker, give it access, brother, whenever Google puts a story in it, check the story as per your choice, it knows everything to the children these days, say, brother, send it to me, send it to me, WhatsApp it many times.  So it happens that it is like you are going to the airport, it is not visible there, I forgot, oh send this to him, there is an activity to send it in 5 seconds, there is also Google Calendar, Papa, you had to go there, now it had to happen, mom, it is like this, that is the function.  this is him He should know all those things, he is your assistant and if you want to pay him a fee for this, then please always give him something, okay, he is reminding you everything, he is reminding, okay, this is how it is happening.  In your activity, you tell him first, friend, give me your heart's memories, I have to go there friends, after a week or propose like there are Vavinaz, I have to attend someone, you have given the money, he forgot, he forgot at 7:30, I also forgot.  They go, I have subscribers, by the way, they forget to attend, they forgot, they forgot, they did not give crores of money, they gave a little, if they forgot, then he is your virtual assistant, he will remind you of everything and tell him to reduce it and  Taking instructions is something that in our today's generation, those who are coming into the workforce, they don't even know it, they get irritated because what's the point, when you come to the market at the age of 24, you earn 150 rupees a day.  He is a giver and you have to listen to such less people, basically you are not used to listening to instructions. You want to live in your own world and you get irritated again and again. You have to empower yourself and say that son and daughter when You do this think you know match productivity of your father and mother increase match on household only and on hours only and bill together today in family it is so  Important are these little things which you have without doing whole thing and which do help you mother so match and her irritable mother will not be there she will not have PCOD mother will not have issues in menopause mother will not have hormonal disbalance mother will not be professional Mother will come, if you don't get frustrated then father will come without note, you are coming in a frustrated household. 95% of the household plus are frustrated households because the mother is busy, the children are not doing anything, the father says that I am a brother, I came after working outside, I am your Sultan and that woman says that she is mine, that is why she is a housewife than me.  That I belong to them, they don't do anything and their body is being broken, they belong to the well, asked further, you belong to us, we do you in the house because you don't know how to come, those children are grown up.  He is not a small baby, he is not a baby in the lap, he is a very big boy, he eats bread, can ride a bicycle, can ride a scooter, I don't know what else he can do, he is utilized dam, it is your children only to be utilised. For child abuse and child labor and he is not asking me to rub yours, now do whatever you want with your child, whatever little reason I give, tell me it is very normal, I am not asking you to wash the utensils every day, I am fine, every day.  I am not asking to clean the fan, it is not cleaned every day but it is a responsibility, okay, so let's move ahead, within this, which is my point, within the 11th point, there is the point of document station keeping and Aadhaar Paan and all this is done well. Can do, okay 12th point, all the plants in your house have pots, some may have a garden in their house, some should definitely water it with their child, it is very good for them, very good for the child.  Mercury is also good. It has a sense of service. When you see the plants growing, you get a good feeling from within. This is a note only on the child should be a distributor that the plants should never be tried. Children should be responsible.  Water is not a tree, sometimes that child is not well, his exams are going on, he is busy in school, you can do it, but he should know that these plants are yours, brother, he is doing this.  If you are there then you are going, if these flowers come then your flowers should come, that means that feeling from inside is there in everyone's house and if not then please kindly let Indore plants also come and everyone also has boxes in the balcony, till now they are available in real estate, okay.  In Mumbai, balconies are not available, but in other places mostly there are balconies etc. People also live in houses, please come on 12th, you do it, it is okay on 13th, that guy will come once in a week, no, who?  He is the guy who cleans your car. Teach your child to clean the car. Do it yourself. Cleaning the car from inside. Dusting. Do not clean it. It is okay to clean the shed. General. Cleaning it from outside. Do deep cleaning. And get involved with the child.  If you are alone then tell her to learn once, so date only get her, you know the maintenance things, make it a big asset in other family, i.e. for an Indian, she is quite a fairy as far as I know, it is okay, it is very important, so she  13th point is definitely done and 14th and 15th there are two children. Now you see I have started my routine from morning. Night time has come. Mummy has prepared dinner, everyone has had it, after that what vegetables are there for dinner, what utensils are there, big utensils.  From a big vessel to a small vessel, there are vegetables from a small vessel. Children have to learn how to keep a society inside the fridge. Children are not blue about keeping a society inside the fridge. It keeps like milk. Where did you keep the onion one? Where did you keep it? Story.  take out solid lamp  It was dropped unfortunately, not even in many ladies, this is also a fact of the society, it is okay, women are also becoming loose these days because no one has taught them the set, so it is just like that, okay, the fridge which is disorganized, isn't it?  And whether I had to eat a lot of oil or not, the system was there brother, the matter is wrong there and here the husbands have to check, this is not your department, this woman and your children together will do the responsibility of all the things, the husband cannot take the responsibility yes.  So why can't I also sing, I am of no use in many Kamon, when there is less to climb, less to get hurt, I can become the husband of the one on the left and the right, this is the thing, isn't it, feminine energy, feminine logic, on the story, children should understand the boys.  Tell me, he is not explaining to the boys, he should not come, he should not do, he should not come, it can be decided later, he should come, how he should do, it should be clear as soon as the fridge is opened, lemons should be visible, there is lemon, this is milk, this is bread, this is water.  it's not like that That they are chasing each other, Guru ji, then I also go to school and understand that what is wrong, okay, so this is not teaching the children, I am teaching the adults also, so that is an after meal activity for the children. You know it happens in every house and there is only one housewife in it. I know it's okay housewife, you can see for yourself whether I am your friend or your enemy. Please write, how are you feeling that I am actually your friend in the video.  There is something but just see where I am heading. Friends, write enemy. If you are a housewife then it is okay what is happening to you. Last point, give the responsibility of locking the doors to the children, you have to do the house checks on them. It is okay but before Soni.  There is a house when it is a flat, anything is a builder floor, anything, you live in a house, it has doors, windows etc., whatever system you have, bandaging it, making it a seeker, this is very very important for you children because that is not the brain.  There are few such things on someone's side, then it could be theft, caste or something else. Insecurity is definitely there, one responsibility is one less. Now you see how many unique 15 less I have told you, how many of these will you do now, you can do that by writing to me. Tell me if you liked the video, tell me if you found it practical, tell me there are many more things like this, right now I have told this physical activity, if you want more and this video will be liked and hit, then I will tell people about it in more detail.  I will explain and you guys then tell me how it was. Thank you.