Hello friends, I have brought today's video for the children of 827 Yes and their parents. If your children are in this group or you yourself are in the group, then you must watch this video and even if you have them till 2030.  If some of these things are useful to you, then you will see it and you will share it in your circle. I am going to tell you one point in this, first there will be 11.2 points for the parents which they have to do for their child and then  There will be 1221 points for the children, if the parents have to get them to do this work or the children have to do this work on their own, then if you like watching the video normally in the beginning, then note down all the 2121 points somewhere and note down those points.  After doing it, you should give a number on it. We have done it, so what is our score, maybe your score is today's seven and 21st 60 loot, you have kept it, note it down in 3 months, keep it aside.  Taking this from me, I promise to those of you who keep worrying about your children, what will happen next, I am very worried, there will be an external reduction in worries and there will be peace and charity in your life, this is full points.  You see the most important point to point number-31 and quantum number twenty one point number-30 I have brought with a lot of knowledge, I tell it only in pet consultancy but here if I tell it for free then that point  Must you listen, listen to 121, start the first point, yes, for your child, then movement rear seat is a good team, prostate immediately, foot, Aadhar, Aadhar, mosted, PAN, bank account, voter ID, do it as soon as possible, make passport also, don't go. Go, the conversation will be seen, you do this immediately, I will tell you in my second point what to do, start life insurance for the parents.  The one with term insurance because the child who has the answer to this in anti, his premium is the lowest, it is such a thing that he has to take it after getting a job and getting married, but he will get it in 2425 years and in 18 years, you cannot calculate how much difference is there in the premium.  Get this thing started and open an account in his NPS and start that too. For him, we will start it in the base system. You have to do this on the second number and on the third number, Open a demat account in the name of the child, it will benefit him from the problems of this equity market and when you get a good IPO, there is another demat account in your family to apply in it because you people are thieves and invest. You all must be aware that there is a maximum limit of Rs 2 lakh and if we apply in return, we will get within it and in case of subscription, if we apply quietly, we will get Rs 16000 17000.  If we have one, then we may get allotment of two units, but if we have an account at home, demat account and our child's own account is opened, then you can apply, it will be beneficial for the child, the fourth point is, minutes for the child and  You found a mental for them and brought them. By mental you mean a guru or an expert. Then for example, you are a government employee, your height is a government employee, you have sent the child to be locked, now you should have brought that child only three.  There were four-five years, he will be shifted to another place and then he will look for something. You should make a mental note of him for two to three years in your circle of friends, in cooling in your relationship, in acquaintanceship, at the right time, pack this juice, tell me about that time, son, this thing. Do this water thing carefully, understand it carefully, it is needed a lot later. Jai, now she is a girl, as she is a girl, now she should have the inclination like a torch from the beginning since 1957 to become the leader of the country.  There should be an orientation as to what I should do next and sustainability. I know many girls who must have locked their journals and do nothing while sitting at home because no one in their family had locked them. They were rejected by someone and even gave class exams.  Given that there is less competition in this, then this template should be liked by you everywhere. Whatever specialization you are doing, if you do not have the specialization yourself, then take it mentally from its feet and different things are done.  So it's from peas, I will discuss the points later, I will bring that too, your paint's job is to give up the search but to lie, my child is doing this, please friend, guide him a little, friend, forgive me. Three, that point is a leader, so this is  This is a very important point and a very simple contact. Practical contact. These people should keep doing it and what is the consequence of not doing it? They will not be able to release the fifth point right now. Buying good clothes for the child. Good clothes mean a little.  Formal close type has been bought, it is a boy, it is like full form, it's like wearing trousers etc. and that kind of remnants of the city kids who are roaming around wearing heart-on-clothes, they get the same personality as before 18 to 14 years, they feel that it means no.  This kind of thing does not mean that we will become something or we are relaxed, we are roaming around wearing torn jeans, this is what I call fashion, if you are an actor at that level then it is a different thing but if you  If you attend a dinner party with normal mental stress, then no one takes the personality that comes out of your clothes seriously, but suddenly one day you go for an interview, then you are 24-25 years old, you are not in a suit, in those clothes, that is. You will not be comfortable in friends, close, similar settings, letter girls and dog girls, anything pan ke ghoomti hai, pahaan ke ghoom mein, I am not saying that you have pan everyday.  But there should be some such clothes in your wardrobe - for boys and girls, young boys and girls themselves buy clothes, that's why I made a point for the parents that please, if you have a girl, then you have to buy some such clothes that she will look like this.  Is she also a working girl or is she wearing a working dress? Google it a little and you will get subscribed. I am saying that this one is a very important point. 6 points are that not many people buy a car for their son or daughter.  I have bought some scooters because that is why there is awareness about autos. Wherever you go, people will say that we should do something special on this, we want to do something on this, for which money is worth the money. By doing this, your child's security is confirmed in a big way. Another thing is to learn driving etc. and giving a driving license does not help. If the child is not confident enough to drive a car, then driving in the city is comparatively comparable to the one on the highway when he is 24 25 26 Sita goes to buy 27 28 30 suddenly, that too is not such a situation, the car is not being driven by the children, if it is not today, not tomorrow, then the day after tomorrow, it is not to be bought, buying a new car, this check itself is old or gone.  You should drive a new car, it should have a special title, these days it is coming with a back, it looks very expensive, there is no need to go for detox, but whatever you can afford, give a car to the child, it is available in many ways.  Shetty Do the code word Ghat expenses that I can do in this, I can do in this, by changing them a little in this, I bought a car for the child, I contact second 17th point seventh contact the child from me.  Don't send it away. How about two people to read. Some people have sent comedy on their thoughts who are in a position to send it or those who are selling plots are thinking of this. Don't send it if you live in a big city or if you live in a very small town.  There is nothing there, then look at the child, if you want to go, the part is fine, my ordinance is the most danceable one as it seems, so far it is fine, so I am telling them that they should not send from their big city, if they want to go to IIT.  Bombay is going more to China  I am Kolkata, let me know, then what is the problem, in such a situation, who will stop me, but if some strange college comes to the town and you go to it, it has no name and is just taking you back and you are feeling that it is done.  If something is great then you will have to see it again because as I have seen, the chances of a child getting spoiled are very high these days. If nothing else, it means their thought process itself is not monitored. The report is not in the market for selling.  and sent to  It's not a problem. It's a problem. It's okay. You start the exam. After that, he comes to you. If you are in a big city, he comes to you. Call him. It has many benefits.  My seventh point, eighth contagious S letter, that Allah takes out time and flows in the name of a child, take a miss quad option once in his name, that if he ever needs to come and stay, he will lay the foundation. Investment is what you understand more about.  This number is 90 lakh and 1 crore for commercial investment. You want a flat near Mysore number for your child. The child cannot come out of that feeling. I will discuss further and will make a video in this. There is a very big video in this. I believe what you understand.  If you want to buy some garbage property in the city and get rid of it, take rent from the child only, if he is doing good or doing very good, then he will not stay in it, then he will remain in the comment regarding the reservation issue. You do not need to take tension, but if you take it today.  people  When you buy a car, it is given to you in his name. UP jobs will start becoming yours. I will tell you later that it has to be done at the same level, you have already done that thing and this is not an unnecessary expenditure of thirty to forty fifty lakhs.  It makes a lot of difference if you go to such a locked college, its expenses are different, language also becomes body and lights are also switched off from Chaudhary Charan Singh University, it is good and Jat College Rohtak has very good solutions. Okay, so thinking about this should give you reality.  she is done Discuss with people what is going on in the market. This is my very important divided note. This is my time point. After increasing your social circle, write all these points among yourself. If you look carefully, there are all the limits. Doing one thing leads to another.  Third by doing that pee penis dad 9 point increase your social condition and where you do the job like your brain is as many level box how many people will you smoke then it is at the same level that you also one in off medicine Level Fuks, just your feet and circle are in them, then it is the same because they are the same as you too, people according to you, increase this festival, bring different types of people so that you know what it is, it is the same in the market too.  There will be these 10 types of people, they will decide among themselves that this is good, their WhatsApp groups keep roaming, we have taught the children, it is written that there is a lot to do and we do not need to do anything, this also happens to everyone. thing is In the video, tractors in China, today I am telling you things according to the coming years, you have to click actively, the parents who will be active for the child must have got the benefit of the child, their concern was the main thing of both, do you remember?  You have to keep whatever is going to happen to the child, but you spend so many years worrying about it, until he gets married and shatters, will we sell anything at your shop? It can't be like this, child 22 23  24 year old is doing a pastime, I don't understand what you are doing, you are traveling to America on a tractor from Switzerland, sometimes this is a BMW, sometimes this is another D and the light of a child roaming around like this, you are buried like this in India, you have falsely, just this.  Okay, so this point is, increase your circle. By increasing the circle, it will be easier for you to marry your children tomorrow, otherwise all these people will keep wandering around in search of boys and girls because the Pichaulias who used to have sense have ended. Not that I, this boy is good, this is that, he will be less, you have to come to the circle and physically see whether this girl is okay, this boy is okay, this boy is okay, maybe she is with you, then you will get to know each other better, if not, then suddenly some girl wants to come forward.  Look, a boy has come, there is no joke in that, you do n't know what people used to do earlier, National Network used to be like this, that the girl who is going to marry a girl is being monitored by science, so much work will not be done in today's times, but  Still you have to increase this concept tenth  The point comes, you should set up a platform for your child even if you cannot fill a gap in a government job. What do I want to say from the platform in the name of your wife, find a voice percentage company, defeated etc., break down all this and make an entry on the director below so that I want to say it like election symbol is taken, any party of the party takes it, many times before the elections there is a division of the party, now this party has the right to take the symbol.  There is a process in which it takes time, before buying, you have taken questions from the experts and can do the editing after putting it together. It is clear to you that the platform has been set on its own that if my work is broken by Nanda tomorrow, then I will go and  He held something on his face and remained silent on the system. May I know how to see the number of this thing? What is the director pin for this pin? What is this 1% company? What is a private limited company? What is proprietorship? I have not learned this thing.  I will learn and I can take franchise of anything because once you go to this hotel, you start knowing that here this platform has to be set up and given to the parents, I am not this business for the child, find out how to cook it.  That's not all and there is no need to do that, you have to work hard, but if you can keep the folder native as a base, then this is my contact 11.0, it is also mine, what do the parents have to do, tell them to subscribe to my channel.  If the child gets this by subscribing to his phone, then friends, this video is about some career people, this one is money minded thing, put the leaves, you have seen it too, an orientation capsule will be typed and the things that are in this video of mine, this one is these things of mine. I will tell you that it is very good that people understand, it is not like that and I open it and explain it and read it carefully and the more you people comment and participate, the more interactive you make this video, the more you share it.  Moral also increases in the same good form. There are a lot of tests on the front, there are a lot of beneficial tests, but the video is very short because of it, now you come to the point one by one, live on the point that whatever you have to make the child do, now let the child do it. Listen to all the children. This has to be done carefully in Dubai and if you start doing it then if there is no change in my life in a month then it is okay to subscribe to my channel. If the respect is special then I am at a loss, if I cannot turn it off then you  the first thing is yours  Making the batter, before getting up, before brushing your teeth, before going to the bathroom, the first thing you should do is as soon as you wake up, Ajit Singh, the child has cleared his wrinkles, put the pillow in place, put the pillow in place, you have stated s from achieving something, this is a very simple thing, very different.  I have told you before on the platform that I am not going to tell you my original content but you have to do this, these are my fonts that come up again and again. The points I have told in the beginning will be very important points which I have mentioned.  I have brought thanks to give water to the sun 8:30 28 2012 840 time You choose, you children choose which you want, I must not be someone like this 5:30 686 Loot degree certificate key I know that so much  How much degree and longevity can we give to today's generation? There is a very old karmic remedy that is needed which by giving water to the sun of our old scriptures, many planets are displayed in their life. Right when the sun is high, give water in the morning to your bare feet, it is okay after the sun comes home and after that eat your breakfast, do not say this in it, today is my holiday, today I am not in the office, today my college has called me today. I will come late today, I gave it at 8:00, even then I was on board, only then the time should be SIM, Chittor can go up and down by four-five minutes, there should be heavy tension, that's why I kept 8:30 for the country and 9:00 for winter, 9:00  There is no date from the time, then dangerous meaning of me is a very comfortable time, that power's 9:00, if it is standing at 9:00, you choose the time, try it for a month, if a very good pattern comes in your life, then please continue, fill it in your half hour.  If there is any expense or water related issue, then find out in some box. 14th point: Keep a diary for all my children. Get all the pages done by your children. Keep a diary and make three-legged entries in it. One Team 6 pm and 10 pm 3 times at 1 pm You have to write what you have done in the morning so far, it will take one to one and a half minutes that I have watched so much Netflix, talked to my girlfriend for chat on WhatsApp, almost fought with my mother with my boyfriend  I did or I studied, I read that, I asked, I polished something, I got some sports, I watched this, I always do this on YouTube, God's Money Minded Series Video No. 3, His Left Side, the one in which, if you look at it, I am the one who  I have seen the situation and am not able to understand. This time it is important to see that it is an inverter product. So if you see that, then in my life today, if you wake up in the morning, if you can sleep so many Y2 and so many visors, then the petting of referee different is yours.  If life is complete then you have to write this point at 6:00 that it was developed at 16 o'clock, this is done due to hard work, I started chatting again, then I drank tea again, limited fight with someone or something else good. Whatever you have to write at 6:00 and 10:00, what did you do from 6 to 10, that I chatted a lot or I studied in Alumni School, whatever, you have to write this three times, it will take you one and a half minutes at a time, it will take four and a half minutes. And whenever you write before sleeping at 10:00 with your own hands, you will start feeling so humiliated that if you were living like a disturbed person at 10:00, you will write this the next day.  What plans have I made for this, positive plans that I don't have any, what do I have to study, have I decided how to share the puck in the day and how much more points should I have ticked with him, have I made five out of seven, made three, washed it, made it zero, this is a process.  You have to do it for 5 to 7 minutes in the whole day, only by that you will understand yourself, you have to decide on such trees, tell you that you will do this, you have to do something strict like this, then tell him what you did, then it will automatically be seen that it is good.  Work  As if the special sun knew that it has given water, it has been done in such a way that in the morning, child, you have made your own, even today, or if you have to write, then this is a very important point, the first point is to teach you how to cook, to teach your child to cook, improper proper cooking, thing boy.  Or start teaching the girl slowly, kneading the drama with practice, once she gets the hang of it, then she is 34. She can do multitasking. If you cook food every day, then one thing is pressure cooker.  Till the whistle, its effect is expressed on a different incident, appearance, appearance and proper food should be prepared, such a judge does not move around, make salad, make one onion papad, one separate one, there should be chilli and lemon in it, put boondi on it on the way, that grain.  Chaat masala, you can choose vegetables, whatever you see, all children listen carefully and parents too, and everyone has more respect for food made with their own hands in Africa, it cannot be spoiled, it cannot be made anywhere else that made with one's own hands.  you know  What is it, there can be no greater peace than that and if a child serves the food prepared by him to his fans in a mail, he prepares breakfast, he prepares a clutch, he prepares dinner, he prepares a lesson for it, there is a lot of peace in the house because of that.  It is a very big point to teach your children, Saurabh Pandey ji, the bathroom should be clean every day, children should inspect it like this tree, it is very good for your planets, many things go right, the troubles end, it should be absolutely clean because hygiene ji is the cause of poverty.  If he is bad, then what should he do first, he has to go to my toilet unicorn toilet, but if instead of being lazy, when he is bad, then he can have no future, Aishwarya is also in his adversaries, and so PM can see the future, I do this within 10 minutes of me.  Talk to me, I will tell you about the future without looking at the horoscope, there is no need to look at the horoscope for this, look at your future in 2057 or insult other people who are helpless people who want destabilizing torch light.  There is no need to subscribe. Astrology What do you subscribe? Do subscribe from this side as well that you do not need things to wear sapphire. If someone spoils someone, everything will be fine and this kind of subscription will help those who join them. Sharma should keep the next point well that the child who does not have a book about him will get control in the future and you should encourage the children that they should arrest their clothes and if you have it then  I get 500 rupees and no gold is available. Someone please give ₹ 10 to my relation. Now many more prints will be done. I don't know what my child is studying, whether I will get this work done or not, I know his studies.  Something will happen in me. Hey, there is nothing like that. No one is reading anything like that. There is so little time in so many days. There are 24 hours. If it takes 2 minutes to put your clothes in the washing machine, it takes 4 minutes to take them out and dry them.  and a textile complex  Hotel takes 2-3 minutes, it takes 2025 minutes, it takes so many 2025 minutes, if someone has a child, it is okay, then those mothers, our sisters and mothers, keep doing all the work, then what do they want, this festival, the balance is not right in Onam. Or if it is too high, then these answers to the children will not work, otherwise the children will also seem like outsiders, you yourself make them heavy, you somehow make tea twice, hey, the child who will do good work will keep doing his work on his own, if you are quick then it is like this.  next one won't happen  The point is that in 1948, there are 1520 tasks done inside the house. Tell me, I am also liking the video. Tola incident, all those who are able to set this example, how many tasks are done in the sex house, fill a bottle of water.  It is okay to keep the broom and mop the utensils. Let us wash the utensils. But apart from this, how much work is there to run the water motor? It is India's test whether to come and do something about the garbage collector. India is the courier to give it to him. To close the doors at night.  In this way, I had written a task which is like this thirty to forty gets completed. There is 3050 rupees in the house and filling water in the cooler in the pots, giving water to our plants, drying the tower sometimes or taking account of the shoes, polishing the shoes.  It's like this, if you sit down and write, then Chalisa gives me that trail, by pouring water in it, it will be done in such a way that it does not fall in your career. You have to do that in the kitchen after dinner, how much communication has been done in the ocean, vegetable.  take out and keep  Is it a charity work? Is it a beautiful wedding? Has she been grinding him there? Hey, in the house, in 40 years, in this, Mukesh has been stopped in this, the children too, this is 15, you are a girl, you will do this, if you leave it, then why should it be a problem, first Purnia would have done a lot of work.  Girls are no less than boys because we are not even one bastard like you, they are also worthless and lack you, then they come to destroy the marriage. If you agree to save me, then give money to my shop.  You do it, it's working as per the rules, but I am saying this, why brother, if you keep the second page on the keeper as your sister properly, then give 7 to 8 measurement parts to the child, as if you have two children, we should know that all the lizards at night.  I will close it and we will go outside but if Shetty has to lock it somewhere, then I am in charge, you are the Kamla engine, you are in charge of the one who retreats, the other one is in charge of giving the newspaper to the married person, you will do something like this today on Monday, whatever  You have to make your own system, make it at home, make it on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and have breakfast in the morning and evening, as you would make it for a child, make these children seem cute, do this work and get it done for you, and the moment you put forward your thoughts, that moment is the parents, the child.  Who is going to do something for me to clean the fans? My height is inclined to the left, but will the dog get maid only then will she climb on the school, will she ever fall, clean it there and will hang on the fan. In the fans of half the houses. See, keep it like this because Meghnad from Chutku, many of them come from different places, their height is less, so I just hang on them, so see this example below, you will get a line by taking it practically, now like it, okay 20  Point SG: To read books, you have to tell your child and there is a way to read books, I will tell you that you have to tell, when Bigg Boss is an engineer, then it is not that he could not read the recent post that Tony may have to fast. Intestinal investment graph may have to be done and checkup will have to be done otherwise because the person who is having it will have to be a bit multi-dimensional whether he gets a job or not. So this one is my middle final, you are my point to connect with people like us.  Lo do webinars for children, there are many impact denials, there are some trees, parents and celebrations are invited, my love is my formula, three tier meena, this pet is three free, one pet is stable, I walk on the secrets of this tour.  If so then you join us, people like me will give a lot of clarity to the children. There is someone on this pen like this, Shahrukh, time is not passing for people. Well, when we are stuck in such a time, time is not passing for many people. So those who can pass the time well like us and if you want to have knowledge in that time pass then please connect, put the connection and say I suggest and minor daughter and you should have to connect with that for its object connect and I alone but then complete investigation.  me too  I will not come out, 2050 children were born, I did a good number, told them things and what is the best thing I do in the webinar, which is this SP's thing, I do this egg thing, which takes out the baby 's air Jio, which unnecessarily gives them my pen pressure plane.  The knowledge that has been acquired in form should become on the counter and should go abroad. Basically, the parents have made arrangements for the stay of twenty fifty sixty seventy eighty lakh children. So I can pour a little cold water on that plant. So that whether this planet was there or not, if you have decided among your friends, then this is the last mix and hence it is okay and before shifting this planet, please show me the passbook, so I request everyone to pause it.  If you have then leave yourself out of one and after giving that more please move towards 121 follow point number 3521 points if you have to follow the cord and your bed sheet charges  If you collect a lot of Patel and points then it will go to you and you will become very happy in life. Ok enter, if there is something then you can join it. Thank you.