Hello friends, the topic is Three Big Decisions for True Life, which are very important for those whose children are between 20 and 30 years, which are very important for themselves in 30 years and for those who have gone home above this, this is an introspection. That how about it is a very interesting video, the new one is going to make you velvety, it is a very good thing, you have to listen carefully till the end, these three seed decisions are rough SIMs but  Is there a change in 2022, I will tell you that there is a decision, what will you do when you get a job, how to earn money, what will you do, second, where will you live, this is the decision and third and last, you will live with someone, this whole channel of - About this.  If those who have connected the dots before know what it is and no, now we are opening it and telling you that I am making all the videos, interesting play list, inter-state job, peace, please subscribe and if you have subscribed to my channel.  Let's start subscribing. Historically 80 years ago, you must have seen that even before that, the most important thing was that if you do it, you will do it, you will decide its miding miding Bluetooth thanks. The girl's father used to say, what does the boy do, where does he do it, if you take him, then with whom will you live?  To the third, it used to be automatic decision-making in such a way that earlier you used to say that I will do it, what exam are you giving, he was deciding, now time has changed.  It has happened that if you do not change its order, if you do not change its total, then it will not be able to solve question and equation of my video. After subscribing, but take some time out of it, it is a very deep thing and it will be very So if Nobel Price is original then it will be discussed, take it out from that and first decide, change today. First of all, decide where will be the people who have done this, they will be successful in life. First of all, in India's content, you will have to choose the city, I am deep in these, share big, make small, do this, make thick, set capital, do national capital, do Mumbai, do Chandigarh, do whatever you want, choose face, phone, Gurgaon, juice. Delhi sucks Bengaluru Hyderabad small town Kota whatever city you subscribe to this because it is very important for the parents because while doing that all the parents keep the children subscribed  Subscribe to this and we will come to that what will you do? First of all it will be said that the city in which you live and the place to stay in it for 10 years or 15 years. If you want to make a decision on constable then the parents have to see whether there are jobs. Where are the parents to see where and in which city my child can fit in because from a small town I have to sit endlessly and prepare for a government job. On this day, a 25-year-old boy and a 28-year-old boy are undergoing surgery.  He is 27 years old, what does he do, I don't know anything because I don't know where he will live, I don't know what he will do, when both of them do n't know, then with whom will he live, so now I am neither, first of all decide in your life that you want to live in a city.  Understand that to offer these things in that city, you should have a base there, you should have a small house, small as per your capacity, big or small, living with parents, and after that you do that work and whoever you have to live with.  Will you have to suck consciously in marriage?  What is happening in this, I will tell people according to a little astrology, blindly matching the horoscope, brother, this boy's horoscope is matched by this girl's horoscope, no one will tell, this is a very high level stoploss jersey to tell how this horoscope matching is nonsense.  Nonsense, I tell you that astrology is absolutely perfect and a good astrologer is also a good thing, but you people have bad entertainment because it is written in every horoscope that subscribe. To give it how it should be, you have to decide whether you want to marry Papa's angel, Papa, Papa's problem is big, I am Papa's angel, I am fine, Papa's prompt and Papa's angel, maybe someone suits Papa's visit.  Yes, you have married your father's angel, then he has got appointment soon and then you have to decide from whom you have decided, it is a big thing to have three or four parameters, it is only for boys, if you do this video then you will say.  no this  Gender girls still get the job done, get married, go to whom they want, where they want to go, they also have a choice, today girls can select the boy who can be a doctor, then every life and different skin is slapped by a woman, government job.  And business and self-implement and its complete sources, you have so many sources, so boy, if you want to fold this then first of all be clear in your mind, three or four closed dimples that will come to my house. Subscribe program means don't search for it that this is a dimple and so I am telling this as an example in this way that if there are physical attributes then the decision of physical should be mental then the attitude of mental should think that I  I will marry such a girl who will have the passion to learn something in life, to do something, to support me and I just have to see whether she will hang on to me or not, she will be my support and we will be one and one.  There will be eleven as it is, so first of all choose the city because sucking out the poison is very important. After choosing the city and freezing it, people are not thinking that I am the traveler, wherever the juice goes, if the fresh chilli goes, then brother, life will continue like this only then there.  There is no contact, no question is solved, keep all the variables without constant, then activate pimple, everything is cost, there is no question of amla cord, as many as  You will bring constant, very clear city, this contest, thousands of maids have come to this city for different types of jobs and there I want a girl like this, she should be like this, if you submit sexual check to her from life partner, then please complete this order.  Do this order if you did it wrong or changed it or did something which people are doing because the decision is all three major but one will do it together is important but first of all why are you not doing it because if someone  If his father lives in Kaithal, will he stay in Kaithal? Decision-making is very difficult, so how is it, how do you feel, do you have to go far away, then go to a government job, Striker, do you have any idea about business in Kaithal, what to do in Kaithal?  Don't get any such jobs, multi-national ones are fine, still you can go home, if you can go home then do n't make it an option and subscribe Respected, become very great before getting married.  I will tell you that a person's life changes as soon as he gets married. According to the horoscope and also from the practical point of view, your relationship and acquaintanceship was of 50 people. After marriage, friends, the reason for people's attention was that from the point of view of your wife, she was also related to him.  If it helps you in some way then hit the edit * Relationships with People Who Can Bring People want to connect only on the basis of money, this is wrong then this father-in-law has the idea that money will come, don't know how he earned it He has so much after his hard work that people are just greedy that his acquaintance, his jugaad, his network circle are so important to him that it means only money, everything is money, so some tiger will take it, take it, take it.  It costs ₹ 500 to marry a marigold flower. There is no difference in that. She got separated after bursting. By the way, she was an enemy's coat and I don't want to know that you have found that girl. Now whether she is from a poor father or a rich father or someone else. Nothing to do with it, you have created a vision in your mind of your life partner and he, I do n't see any boy, I used to live like that, something has happened, what kind of girl is this photo, this one, this one, it should be you, your city, then there should be victory in life. And then the job is something new, the job is caught, the second is caught, the second is the accused of insurance, I have done anything, I have done the job, and now with the screen time, you are here, some more subscribe for you, but in Dussehra in  Relationship people are trying to do this by saying that you can get it if you buy a house in the city and have electricity and water and if you do not make that change and you do not get a job for yourself, you leave it and get another job. How did you like the video of these two? If you want more such videos, please write in the comment section. All the things in this channel are practical, it is good to hear something like this, it is more that I am watching things in a very good way, 30 of them are so much.  sleep feels good  The man comes and sleeps Pimple Guddu Next day again he wants Bigg Boss Nothing practical has happened in life but there is a life in 11012 minutes But I have very good comments about the side job Sir, you have also given a clarity, I have done it like this, I have done it like that So my motivation is big that friend if people are getting benefit in one then that note comment other singh call 100 is fine which maybe in pet content in pet consultation or by doing somewhere else  Even a person feels like giving a little of that, whenever there is a little, then just give this video 200 likes, I have asked for it at the end, I did not ask for it right before, if you like it, then friends, give likes and please share it in your family group.  Share where children are struggling for all these things and became a topic of discussion in the family group. I am not at all saying that my world is the last, it is absolutely right, you can use it as per your convenience.  I have given this frill template but I have given a framework on which you can discuss and put your argument and do decision-making. This is the medium. Such content creator is my name. This is so that I can bring those topics on which discussions are not happening like that.  I know, but things are not happening in a structured manner. Thank you, Will?