Friends, Hello friends, we will discuss about three good developments in Gurgaon. First of all, the railway has got the approval for the upgrade of Gurgaon Railway Station, so it is very good and good, it has been reduced, okay and apart from that, a new railway station has been proposed.  There is a need for a new railway station in Gurgaon because the population is increasing and if it will increase further then the news is coming from Basai, which is the land of GMDA in Basai land, there is railway there on Basai land.  There is a proposal to build a station which the GMD will land on. When will he confirm it? In the coming days, like you can see from Hazrat Nizamuddin and different such stations of Delhi, where there are a lot of trains like Sarai Kale Khan and from where the train is small, then there are few trains.  Now it may also be smaller in the coming time because the population here is also increasing. This is related to the second 28th. Again very good news. Punch acre waste treatment plant is coming up in Basai. I will try to explain this because people understand many information like this and this is getting very bad, this is coming, this will get worse, this will pile up like mountains, it will become Banwari type or that famous one from Ghaziabad, which is fine.  It is not so, don't panic, first keep calm and listen because when an article comes, something comes from it, read the interpretation from it, friend, read the article which makes you a little worried after reading it, I am ready to listen to me too.  There is no need for you to read what is written as it is written, then it is written here that there will be a 10 step process, the waste treatment there is much less than the capacity of the landfill currently in Bandhbhari, Banwari is very big, this is only  It is of five acres, the cutter will cut the Dwarka Expressway, will the waste of Dwarka Expressway go to Jhajjar, keep it in Jhajjar Park and then keep the garbage there, which will be disposed of in the same way.  Logically, in the coming time, the capacity of waste in Gurgaon will increase in every area, the population will increase, it will increase a lot, so this processing is very much needed, the processing of 250 tonnes of it will be very wonderful and the trend treatment is 10 steps, what is there till now is  There are five steps to collect your different waste in the house, to transport it, to keep it, then it ends at the five step, now it will go to 10 steps and its proper disposal will be done.  It will be biodegradable, it will be separated, it will be non- biodegradable, it will be separated, then the last 10% of the waste will go to the energy plant, it will go in an organized manner. The company has selected a very good company, but it is reducing it. If proper machines and plants are installed, then the same will happen to the settlers too.  There is no need to worry, the settlers do not need to do this because sometimes I call it samjhaunga in my mental model, I also call it Nimby Not in My Bagh Yard Syndrome. Very Good News Third.  The golden good news that is coming is that our Minister Sahib 's safari in Aravali Wildlife Sanctuary is in full swing to make it on its lines. Last but not least, which is open source information, both of them have just gone to Sharjah. And from there to see that they have developed, that one is in 16 acres, approximately 836 hectares.  This is the one inside our Aravalli wali which will be built in our Gurgaon. It is ₹ 9500, so just imagine this, it is almost six times bigger than that and the world's largest wildlife century, which will be built inside Gurgaon now whenever the headlines come. And whenever it will happen, because all the gambling institutes in India, the Center for Gambling, have also gone around and met all the parameters, now its outline will be completed.  This is a very big project, it is political too, it can be clapped very well, there was environment in it, Johnson Basana, everything to be done, that thing will happen within 10000 acres and this is a very very good news and it will change the background of this area.  Which is Gurgaon because around 10000 acres of land is a lot, it is a lot, so this thing was there, you guys tell me comment on it and such developments will come.  If positive news comes, I will bring them out to us. Those of you who already live in Gurgaon have bought property in Gurgaon, you have to bring out some things also, and the rest will show it to the whole world by taking photos of the water filled 4 hours of rain. Tell me that you are Ashwini, the day you have a fight with your wife and break utensils, take a photo at the same time and tell that this is the quality of marriage and there is a fight over utensils.  Tuta hai so aisa hota nahi hota na because ho jaatein late assam bed dese and vo natural hai can you prevent it can you prevent date you will never fight with your wife ever in your life never date nazar you will ever get you see ok  There is always scope of you know improvement, it is not like this whether it is your city or government, it is okay but how it is seen and shown, our mind is applied in that also.  Yes, it's okay, you will never find a spouse who is a never ever changing spouse because the same spouse gives the same in a month or 10 times in a year or 20 times. There are people who have 365 days and then those 365 people will be found, they will say brother. Give them three times and you will get such shapes too, there are all the shapes ok, I hope I am giving you these examples in this video so that you can  Understand the larger message. Understand the larger message of life. In isolation, everything can be saved with one and a half thousand rupees or a nickel. You can go abroad, go to Switzerland, go anywhere you want, we will pass there too, call us on inspection, we will also keep the name.  It is very easy to increase but very difficult to reduce in life please share this video with maximum friends thank you