Hello friends, I will tell you a secret of the Indian education system. There is a lot of talk about the Indian education system. Many people say that the system is bad. I want to give a different perspective because the way I look at things, I feel like no one is watching and  After seeing what I tell you people you enjoy it a lot it is original content like the channel subscribe share it so let's start yes the very movement of Indian education system I say Indian education system and if I tell you right now at this moment Pause the video, it will take only two minutes. After pausing write one line or four words, whatever you think. You can also use this as an experiment. All people have to participate in this. Do not read the comments of others below, do what comes to your heart.  I am genuinely coming, if you want to write one word or three, four or five lines, you can write whatever you want to write, it will take one minute, pause it and you have written it, you people have paused and written it, many must have written it  Many may not have written it yet, but I will tell you anyway that  Whenever it comes to Indian education system, no one will write anything good, no one will write such words like it is the greatest system, we are very proud of it, there are no flaws in it, yes, it was fun, no one will write such a thing I am  Very sure I will check it, you people will also check it and it does not coincide with this, people write something bad, bad, very bad, very good, very bad, good and something like this but I want to tell you that you should not discuss beyond this.  I say how is the Indian education system, my opinion is normal, it is not good, it is not bad, who is the culprit, this is not happening, something like this is the culprit, here the parents are there, you are there in the society, how are the subscribers, I will tell you the Indian education system  So whatever it is, if you go to foreign countries, they too are very unhappy with their education system, but the biggest problem is why have you given it so much importance, if this is a bad thing, a useless thing, which I also agree to, then you should ignore it.  Why are you so afraid? Why do you give them so much respect?  Why do you pressurize the child in this poor education system to get 98 because the system itself is poor, why do you give too much importance to the school people, the school management runs it like this, I give a lot of consultation to the parents about the school people  They take this also, they take that also, I am doing a lot for the teachers anyway, I want to take the teachers here to a very big level, my mission is for the teachers, not the school people, if we build our own building  You will keep eating bread all your life, when did you have this much money? The question is, listen carefully, the school will keep you scared like this, your assignment is not done, your project is not completed, parents pay the fees forcibly, people say that the government is not putting money in the Indian education system, oh brother  How much money are the private guys putting in, how much money are you subscribers putting in, how expensive will the fees be, this is going into the Indian education system and even after putting in money nothing is going to happen here, if someone does n't know how to make halwa then you give 10 kg of desi ghee  It doesn't taste good even after adding it because I don't know how to make it, brother, money is useless  This is not going to happen, it will happen in higher education, it will benefit the poor, hey, the whole system is rubbish, people do not know how to use the education system, people think that if there is any useful thing, it will not be there in the education system like  The education system does not teach how to earn money, does not teach financial literacy, all these people teach by doing courses on it or someone else will tell and everybody will say why did it not include it in our education system, does it teach real estate, does it teach relationships  Is there any useful thing which is there, it is not taught anywhere in the education system, it is only taught how to become a clerk, which was the education system of the British and that too was not bad enough to become a clerk, so learn English, spoken English.  Nothing, expression communication, nothing, learn differential integration, learn theta, sa theta, learn trigonometry, why brother, where will the shadow fall at 30 degrees of the lamp post, I have never used it in my life, but you have to learn everything because you have to prepare for the exam  You have to do it, you have to clear the exam, this is the whole system to earn money  It is made for this, you have to understand what the education system is for; any education system is an education system so that you can be taught what you have to learn and how to learn it. There is no focus on what is being taught, there is no value of it at all. When you learn new things like I am, what am I, people often say jokingly that Duggal sahab, Duggal sahab, today he has become an astrologer, today he is a stock market person, today he is a marital person, today he is a politics person, today he is real estate. I do 70 things, so have I gone and collected degrees, people say how can you do this, say that I have asked for Yoga degree from Ramdev Ji, oh no one will ask Yoga degree from Ramdev Ji, so he said that I am also a guruji  We are not opening anyone's stomach that a doctor's degree is needed, this is what I am teaching you, every time you ask for a degree from someone else because you are a slave of this education system, because you spend money and you think that without a degree  If one can become a minister then that minister also shows his false degree because he is also so  The minister is under pressure, he cannot come and say on his face that I have not taken a degree, work can be done without a degree, what is the need, one should have the knowledge of a degree, one should have functional knowledge of things, no no no knowledge without college, this is a big thing created by the middle class  This one is less educated and this one is more educated. What have you achieved by studying so much? You are wandering from here to there. You are 24 years old, Guruji, what should I do? I said, ask the college where the parents had paid the fees. Ask the person who sent you to that college, ask the school people, if you have to write four lines on something in the name of copywriting, I will give you guys a test and you should do that in all my videos, I will do a test and find out from that.  It will be fine, I do not claim that the thumbnail or the topic that I have written of this video is correct. Now you have consumed half of this video, you can do it further in the comment section. I am sure that I will read this video better than the other.  I can't give the best title for the video because it comes from some part of my brain  Some other part of the brain works, this is also a money making opportunity, making thumbnails, doing topics, doing this and if regularly someone gives me a user idea to make good thumbnails, to write titles, I am talking about the title, thumbnail  Still an easy thing, I will hire him, I will send him the video, I will tell him brother your mind works very fast, you listen to the video and put a title for it, brother my brain gets confused, I gave him a task to do this, yes this  What are you teaching in any education system? Why is education such a thing? You should have natural talent. This is the real work. To do this work properly, it will take 10 to 15 minutes to think. First, you have to watch the video, understand it, then you have to see those words, you have to see the searchable words. Not much identification, just a little click bait, a little curiosity arousing, it takes a lot of brain, now I make so many videos that I can't think of it, although many people know that I get better content than the title of my videos, but my views are very few  I travel because now my I need a loyal audience, I also need more, but I am me, I have my limitations, that is what I am telling you, this is the education system, it will never teach you anything useful, it will only tell you how to learn the thing, you have to learn that  Learn it and then learn all the useful things, they will teach useful things to people like me who are actually working and who are getting rich, I had made a video earlier also on whom to take advice from, you people must have seen it, he is also very appreciative  If you have n't seen the video, then watch this. Why are you abusing the practical education system, brother, if the education system is not making anyone anything, then competition is also lacking, then you become something, you do something, a poor education  The system is there, let's assume it becomes better, then will the jobs be distributed brother, there is only this much cake, the cake of Indian economy is only this much, there is only this much money, this is the size of the cake, these people are going to eat the cake, now you will get more training, more study, everyone will get education  If the system becomes very good then what will happen, no no the skills will come, so why hasn't the skill come now  You can get the skill at ITI, it is not necessary to go to IIT, the number of people who are trying to go to IIT can be done with ITI in 11th effort and you can earn money by hook or by crook, but it does n't feel sexy, so the education system should be such that it is just like Harvard  Let it be, oh brother, they will not come and teach here, outsiders have the knowledge, India does not have teachers, intelligent people, no scholars, I am a very good scholar but why would I go and teach in IM, how much is the salary of an IM professor, lakhs  One and a half lakh, two lakh, three lakh, four lakh, five lakh, how much is it brother, so if the person in whom he is actually present is doing some other work, I am not saying that those who are not on the IM board of directors and are nowhere here, they are also earning money  There are many but what I am saying is very limited, my brother, there would be 100 of them like this, they are being dealt with in Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Kolkata itself, check what caliber of your IMs are in Rohtak, I am not putting anyone down but I am  rohtak dant Rank in the top five I am for sure okay so we don't have it in Ashoka University if someone comes from outside then look at their fees what is it if you bring faculty from outside then any person from outside will come if you are an Indian  There was a time when expert pilots from outside used to come to fly planes instead of Indian ones because Indians were not learning to fly planes, they were not becoming pilots here, they were not getting licenses, they were not getting any, so there were only one and a half expert pilots.  An outsider comes to work at twice the salary and because of that the price of the ticket also increases. In the same way if we bring faculty from outside to India, then brother, be ready to pay three times or four times the rent, madam.  They charge this fee, they don't want to pay it, we don't even want to pay the fee, so brother, our education system will remain like this, people from outside will come and teach, why don't our people know how to teach, the one who knows says why did I study here, understand at such a cheap rate. He will say everything I say, I will adopt something different, then for how long will you abuse him and give him education  Learn the basics of the system from this, don't get carried away, do n't run after big marks in 11th and 12th, take the basics, take the functional ones and be very clear about what needs to be done and there is a lot of space in the digital space, a lot of money  It can be earned so these opportunities will be practical, beyond this, I will give clarity by telling things for one and a half hour, please take the membership of the channel, many people told me, many people say that first of all brother this channel is for poor people  I don't have any channel for it. Poor means those who are poor in thinking, poor in money, I don't tell anyone. If anyone wants free electricity, free water then tell me this for free. Then what is the value, then everyone will know about the crop.  What is the advantage? This is the limitation of the education system. If it becomes good then it will be good for everyone, so now we have to select from among them. Where is the relative advantage in life, brothers and sisters. Happiness is also relative. The one whose neighbor is unhappy is happy.  dirty thinking and speaking  It does n't seem moralistic, it does n't seem good, dozen come from a high school, this is just the truth of life, your neighbor does n't even have a fan and is sweating, if you have installed a fan then you are rich, this is what used to happen in India earlier  He was poor, he used to do such business, the fan used to run, he used to come after watching Mahabharata at some rich man's house, he had a colour TV, you know, he used to like it relatively that you are coming to my house and watching it, then when the fan came to his house So he came inside your house, the cooler came, he used to cool down, a cooler came to his house, you sat with an AC, so as long as this story was going on, there was relative happiness and advantage, when this party stopped, he also got an AC  So we also have a car, he also has a car, then now there is nothing brother, this is the truth of life, so those who take relative advantage, they are doing well in life, I will close this video by taking this example in life and it is a very deep example.  A man came and said, Guruji  What does the company say, it does not pay money, it does not pay much salary, how much does it pay, it is paying 70-80000, sir, it pays very less money, I said it does not pay less, the company says it is 70-80000, it has been 4 years, it has been 5 years, I have 70800 rupees  He said that someone in your company is getting 45 lakhs. He said yes, the VP gets it. So I said that the same company is giving 45 lakhs to the VP. He said yes and I said that if they give you Rs. 70-80000, then it means that you are bringing less value.  It is there for the company, isn't it? The company is the same, the company is giving 4 lakhs to one person, it is giving one lakh to another, it is giving 40000 to another, it is the same company, so whoever is bringing whatever value, whoever is giving whatever value to the company, the company  She is paying money from that, all of this is the product of the Indian education system, the children of the schools of India, the Kendriya Vidyalaya, Navodaya Vidyalaya, have reached the top positions even today and the ones that charge such high fees, these are dreamy odds  If you are roaming around, the education system is the same, NCERT is the same, the syllabus is the same, by the time you reach 10th, 11th, 12th, everything becomes equal, there is the CBSE board exam, there is the ICSE board exam, everything becomes one, UP board, these boards, all become the same, competitive exams.  When you go and give any exam, it is not like this paper for UP board students, this is NEET paper, this is for ICSE students, this is CBSE paper, it is same for all, so everyone goes and gets united at one place.  They go, it means that first there are separate lanes, then everyone has to pass through the same tunnel, so stop crying about it in life that I am telling you about the relief of the education system, these school people make you wander the most that this is very important  Your child will gain a lot of confidence, you have to do this, why don't you do it, many times in parent-teacher meetings, parents become like this, that the school people are wanting so much, charging so much fees, and the same teacher shows you down  Look what a great guy he is teacher I have a lot of respect for teachers. I also conduct a lot of webinars for teachers, but here I am also telling parents that there was a time, 25-30 years ago, when parents used to tell teachers to beat their children. They don't say this to their children these days.  Nowadays, there was a time when we had to be strict with our children. Nowadays, the schools and the teachers are being sucked so much by the school management. The teacher's WhatsApp-web class, tuition class, these classes, extra-curricular activities, have been made for the mind only. First of all, if an Indian  If education is to be improved then I have only one advice that school timings should not be more than 4 hours and the timing should be from 9:00 am to 1:00 pm instead of the 7:00 pm schedule, I do n't know at what time we have to sleep  When the child gets up, half the children do not go after clearing their stomachs, some of the food is not good, some big or small child goes with such eyes wide open, my heart melts, we are destroying our power, our children, our girls are not growing.  has gynecological issues We are giving so much stress to girls at the age of 12 to 15 years, when their reproductive organs are being formed, but they are not ready to raise this issue, half of the parents are fools, who themselves do not know that they have to go to school, they have to go to school for the girl. New periods have started and the parents do n't know where to take her. No, you are with the boys. Which moon are the boys reaching? I have all these and many other issues but I pause for a while because then the excitement  It happens, feelings come but I have to stop myself, that is the solution, it will come gradually but first understand the issues, people are not aware of these issues, you are the parents of a 13 year 14 year old girl  Be very careful about that, Guruji is sitting here who is handling everything from 12 years to 70 years, I know that the supply is coming from here and further it gets stuck and I do n't know about the job, nor about the money, nor ahead.  I know about health  When your organs are being formed, let them stay relaxed, the child is under a little stress, he has stunted growth, he should reach 5 feet 5 inches, Indians still walk around with their heads tied, when the British were here we were poor, we didn't eat food, so let's say we were weak  If you were there then you should have thought that you are a native slave. In a free country, your father is doing all sorts of things, he is earning money, there is enough food in the house, but there is no system for the child because the school people have fooled him, why don't you tell the school people?  People say friend let's go it gets tight at 9:00 during office time because teachers run here, no we have to come and cook food in the afternoon why do you have to cook food and if you have to come in the afternoon and cook then school is from 10 to 2 Cook your own food at home, more than half the teachers take food from their school canteen, I am telling you this, I do n't cook anything at home, nowadays in good schools neither do they get any food, they eat it themselves and pack the boxes before going home  she gets it done for someone in life the school people are controlling the parents and  I am saying that parents, you are consumers, you run it, you tell them to take the fees, my child will not participate, give it to me, is the cloth worth Rs. 1200 coming, do you want to earn Rs. 1000, then buy the fancy dress ones  But I will not participate. They pick up a fruity and give it to the kids and make them dance to their tune for four hours. Every parent is ruining their child. In this education system, there are people who loot, there are people who loot, I am more than the looters.  I blame those who are ready to rob, the one who robs will rob them, this system will make it such that no then I will not give up, hey, the normal schools are charging fees to give admission, who is going to get a job from that and people are falling like this  They are ready to recommend, they are ready to give money, they are ready to lie down at the feet of the principal saying please do it for our child, I do n't know what he will become, he is not going to become anything, how to select a school, how to handle the tantrums of the school people, school how to tighten hair  If you want, I will get a lot of backlash because I also take money from them in consultation, as I told you, I bat from every side, I am teaching them as well, but I do n't think they are going to learn because when people say what is there to learn  If you are ready to be fooled then what is the problem, it is just a little bit that you need to tighten the moment, then suddenly everything gets surrendered, you will bargain for vegetables and coriander but not for the school fees No, if we bargain then it will look like we are poor and we cannot afford a child. I, Guruji, want to give the best to my child. Best education. I say that does not exist in our country, so how can you give something?  Which is not there it is like this I want to give best mango to my child best mango is exported kesar mango 00 kg is exported I do not get to eat it I am a foodie I am ready to spend any amount of money on food but unfortunately All the good food items of our country are not available, they go abroad and you will get better food because Indians do not want to pay, so it is not that Indians are getting very value for money things, the same problem is with education, they are also paying money and we do not get the quality also because we have decided that we will not take the quality because quality is costly and we will not pay the money, so to save money, to save a penny we compromise with all the cheap things, this is also the truth of life  Yes, brothers and sisters, my channel is the only one such channel which at the end of it insults its subscriber who is the listener and then goes away. I do not insult the government much, I do not even insult the school management, it seems as if I am their agent. I am not their agent, I am awakening your intellect and consciousness here, I am telling you everything like this with great love and affection and sincerity, truly, sincerely and faithfully, if you want to understand then understand the pain and the emotion.  Understand, stop being a fool, it starts with them, they take money from you So are you ready to sacrifice your child to recover the money, tell your friend you take the money, just keep quiet, you will have to go, you will have to take it, if your child is getting low marks then what difference does it make, those marks will make any difference  It is not there, there is no difference in the education system, you will have to teach your child some other things also, she does not come on her own, so I am giving an offer, I want to give a free offer, free free free free free free if you guys are interested  Yes, I really don't know how much because I need a minimum of 100 people to give something for free to four people. Why should I open something for free? When you organize a bhandara and langar and put in efforts, then you want 100-200 people.  So eat before you go, I mean why would someone make so much effort to feed four people. So I want to conduct a free financial literacy workshop on stock market and money which can be attended by children above 13 years of age and those above 14 years of age.  to 18 20 year old If you guys are parents, suppose you are parents, okay, of people of that age group, then please write in the comment section, next I will tell you where it will be and I will explain when the date will be, within five to six days, it will be weekends  If it is the same then your children can come, you can also come, it may be such knowledge that is being told to the children but if you also get benefit then you will connect through the same link, I will not charge any fee for this, so you  If people accept this thing, then definitely write it in the comment section because should you also make an offer somewhere that there can be some other thing, that thing is more important to teach which no one is teaching and the practicality which has been learnt is a practical lesson He will do well, that's all, the kid is wearing such thick glasses, anyway hey, he is not even old enough, he has put on such thick glasses, what will he do going forward, the education system has sucked his eyes, so what does he have to go forward, what should he do  This is how you live in such a aura, stop being scared of the school people, the teachers and this if if  Continues like this then I don't see a very bright future bo madam this future will be seen, it is our child, our future should be bright, if the future of the parents is bright then the future of the child is bright, mostly the parents do not know about the future, what is happening  If you want to take your future in your own hands, then come and meet in the webinar, parents should join, join with children, so that maximum people should join, this is a very good offer and this Independence Day festival is coming, such is the mood in it. Otherwise I hate doing free things, I am a capitalist man. Okay, so here is the offer, come and join the children and stop putting pressure on the children. Learn this, learn that, learn everything, get marks in school, get this  Were you ever so talented yourself? You are good at singing, good in English, good in communication, good in debate, good in quiz, good in exams, good job, good looks, good manners, good etiquette, good waking up early in the morning  Hey, why are you taking the kids' life for granted, why have you messed them up like this, be a nice parent, I will give some parenting tips in front of the kids, if not much, then join this one, at least like and subscribe to the channel  You can do it and maximum, if this is about kids and the parents with the kids are with you, then give this video to them as well, it is a very important video, stop abusing the education system, it is like this and it will remain like this, if it gets better for you Nothing good is going to happen in life. There was a time when in Indian education, only middle class kids could avail brilliant tutorials, could pay good fees, had access to books, coaching and got jobs by default because they were poor.  So they did not come into this system, now the system has become better, actually, the children of poor people are also competing now and the cake is still the same, you can understand, so we have to go beyond this cake, there are many more cakes in this cake  we can eat more cake except this this is what i will teach you now you get the hint  If you have gone then I am sure most of you will want to join that, so let's go for other cakes where there is less crowd, cake is cake only, so please join and subscribe to the channel, definitely like it and write in the comment section that we want that. Workshops and Webinars