Hello friends, do you want to join your family business? This is a video for youngsters, it is also for fathers and it is going to be a very deep and important video for the society. You all have to share it. The people of Delhi are very much affected because of this family there.  There are a lot of small businesses running, some people will find it touchy but I am telling you the news related to the ground and the situation. Till date this has not been discussed anywhere, neither in newspapers nor on social media.  Na on media [Music] youtube0 Son only, I will speak more because daughters can also be there but I will still say son because it is the 80's but off the cases are fine but yes daughter can also speak, son in law can also speak  You can say anything, it's okay, but here I am taking the example of my son, now this is the problem of the society, there is a lot of pain and so many cases are coming to me because I try to solve them.  So the fee is very high, please don't seek my consultation and I am not asking you to seek consultation, do n't do it, I am only giving the solution, I am telling it for free, I am kicking my stomach, I am kicking my stomach.  And I am explaining something for free, what is happening and what should be done, because I tell this thing for money, today I am telling it for free, I am telling everyone, it is okay and adopt it because if you learn on this, I will tell you the same thing.  Who  Now I am telling you, there is no need to join, please share this with everyone, you can give so much Guru Dakshina, if you are getting anything, then the business is going on, you have to join it, 22 23 24 25 years old.  Since the age of 17, 18, 19, I have been told to my son, don't worry about your figure, not a job for losers. Papa's business is also like this, it's okay, you just do this, study and do it.  Take this, do this, it's like this, it's okay, life is a little hunky dory, and this is a video for those who do this job, because you are getting the counter narrative, this job is a big [ __ ], it's a business, it's a set, friend Rohit  Amit's life is set, friend, or take any name, Amit's life is set, friend, his life is set, Papa ji's life is very big in his life, and these girls are also equal, listen to your daughters.  marry society  Listen, because this video is effective for everyone, don't run away leaving it, it is not our business, brother, you have a daughter, you may have to get married tomorrow, okay, if you don't have a daughter, then it is a sister, is there someone or something else?  Otherwise, if you do a job, there is no business, then listen to what pain lies ahead, because only the employed will keep crying about their own pain, they should also know the pain of others, so enjoy this video, it is fine and learning is going to happen, isn't it? What is happening that  Is there any such business in it or is it some las industry type that you have so many shares, are there listed shares, are you not running such business? If it is a small business, then you have employed your son, the son also works, the son does a lot of work.  He has a car, he eats food, his son is getting married, he also goes to visit foreign countries, his entire lifestyle is good, he has no net worth, his son has no fixed salary, he has no share in the profits, father controls everything.  And father says yes, this is a lot, father is deciding that yes, this much is a lot, lakhs is a lot, 80000 is a lot, so if he wants to go to see Too True N Extant movie, then father is also giving him the ticket, till now there is no resentment because he  It seems that yes, it has been set, in the beginning, it happens like this, until I get married, my eyes do n't open, till then a boy thinks, that's enough, I get the clothes I want, I get the phone.  Yes, I want it, I do Pati Puti also and it is going well, I am working hard, our business is in the business of my parents and father, it must be written there, okay, Amit &amp; Sons, they make money by doing this also, it seems so, yes.  So, the end is Sons, the name is Amit, are you understanding, then the end is the rest of the sons, okay, that's that, if you release it, what is the wrong thing you are saying, father, listen to me friend, this is what is happening, there are many alpha males in life, all of them till old age. will control  The daughter-in-law also comes and who knows who is running her hands and that wife who is the mother-in-law and the age and employee in the business that you get, you don't even get the age and the employee that you can take, sometimes you are not even getting that much.  Many times, the important things of the business are controlled here and the things which are purely servile are being done and the total thing is not even being taught. When the child turns 35, there is no property in his name.  Son, everything we have is yours, everything is yours after us, this is a very wrong useless syndrome, after you, this is the default setting, isn't it, while you are there, consider some gods as favors, not later, this is what I had established.  You establish, then you run, you find your own, no, it will be given to you, it will be given to you and then your wife will ask or something, what is your net worth and here things become very complicated when another sibling.  It evolves. Suppose there are two sons or one son and one daughter or two daughters, it means that some siblings come and keep spreading because it is possible that one sibling is working and the other is doing father's business and he may usurp everything.  It also happens that I expanded the business as per my wish, then when a sibling joined, the value of the business was Rs. 4 crores. They don't even know how to do this valuation. Is there anything like this in family run businesses?  Whether you or someone else has hired an auditor for a listed company, let's assume it was worth Rs 4 crores. Okay, so one person entered, that boy is doing business over a period of time. Now I do n't even know whether he took away Rs 4 crores or Rs 10 crores. So I am batting from both the sides as to where the issue comes, now he took 10 from Cha, so now that is five of the other brother, will he say now, 10 from Four, so I took six is ​​mine and out of that four, two were mine.  So mine is eight, yours is two, this logic can also be used, someone can say no, all 10 are mine, okay, so the story can be anywhere, so in family run businesses, the advice to the father is that he will have to give either the profit to the brother or the profit.  No one is saying that if you give me a share even if it is 1 share, the first day came and said son, half of it is yours, all is yours, no, no, not even that much, I am not saying that you have established, you are the owner of Chaudhary Hut, you want all the money.  Keep it, but you will have to keep those terms and conditions and the advice for all the children is the same, whenever you join something with your father, there should be a terms and conditions even if it is not in your favor, that is okay, you get exploited by saying yes.  You are my child, you are still in the probation period and you are not going to get everything right now, you will get juice, you will sweat and you will be rubbed and  Will establish and gradually we will see your end, like every year a person working in a corporate or a government employee also gets an increment of 3%, a government employee also gets an increment in DA, he gets upliftment.  It happens, there is no concept in family run business. Yes, how much do you need? How much do you need? Why should someone be the need to the father especially when he turns 27-28 years old? Why do I need to tell that I have to get a saree for my wife, I have to get shoes, we have to go on outings, we have to have a car, we have to make the child wear this, we have to do that, he will ask questions and if the father has the habit of getting a job somewhere, the son himself  But he is earning money, do the Indian fathers have to put any hindrance in it or not? Then tell me, when you don't give even one rupee yourself, it means that the boy is earning himself, but still why did he take the car? Why are you doing this? Is it ok?  I am not saying that every time it is bad in the sense, but where father himself is giving, brother, he will ask for it 150 times, so our money is enough, he will spend like this and what is the matter, neither is there any profit nor father, look. What is happening, the business is giving some profit, what will they do with the profit, we ate a little, we ate happily, only ladies will work in the house too, we will not keep a maid of Rs 12000 to eat.  Those will not be kept, these will not be kept, they will not be kept, the driver will not be kept, you are a driver, why is it ok to keep a driver, you are a driver of Rs 15000, you are this, you bring this, leave it, come do this and this profit will go to the business, this business is growing. Only you will get this. Only you will get this cake. How much is this cake? Son, son, the cake is getting bigger and bigger. Son, the cake is getting cooked in the oven. Son is yours. Son is yours. This is your son. This is your son. This is your son.  This son is not able to do anything, he has become a man worth Rs. 1,000,000, his business is running in crores and every time he has to say, Dad, Dad, this is very wrong, it is a matter of pain, you are exploiting your kids, if children  Exploiting children is not a sin, but if parents exploit their children then it is a sin. Understand this, write down what the society is saying, how yes, because see people, even if you personalize it, it is below me as well as above me. Everyone is listening, I am telling on record that if I exploit my parents then it is not a sin and if I exploit my children then it is a sin. Understand this. If the day you understand this, then everything will go away if I exploit my parents.  I say that if my children do not exploit me, then who will? Brother, I have to be exploited, everyone is old, many people are sitting there, anyone can exploit them, but the children should not do it. Do you understand what I am saying?  Many of my videos are dark  They go towards comedy, I know they go towards darkness, but I am here to bring light, am I bringing light, am I taking them towards darkness, please write openly, many people feel pain depending.  Who is the person doing this work? He will be destroyed. He will realize from within that he is a monster, I am an athlete, I am painting him that way and maybe he is in my eyes.  Those who keep making their children do their work without clearing the terms and conditions and keep saying that it is yours, it is yours, you will get it, you will get it, you will get it, then brother, see if you are trying to make your children Aurangzeb, then see that.  They will say that you have had enough of this extreme thing, I am telling you to fall into the pit and don't go to that extent, what I am trying to say is be reasonable and message b.  Be reasonable. Very very reasonable is the message. Well, I am not saying that if you get 100 worth of work done then give 200, but I am saying that if 100 worth of work is being done, then at least try to give close to 100. No you have been running businesses business you know what are the wages you know what is the effort you really know how much the child needs and where will he save from  If you think it's because of this, what do your parents say that your expenses are Rs. 100, take Rs. 100, yours is Rs. 150, I will also give you Rs. 150, he is saving here, where is his net worth increasing, so he is not saving money, he is in the mutual fund in his name.  Yes, all the investments are made in the name of the business, all the profit of the investment goes into the business, the business is in the name of father and mother, so its sense is off.  What is security? God forbid because his wife doesn't talk. Father-in-law doesn't talk to his wife. Father-in- law doesn't talk to his wife. God forbid if something happens to his child. Where have his wife and children gone? They are definitely under your control.  There was neither, nor is there anything in his name, nor is there any security, nor is there any mutual fund, maybe you are not even paying the insurance money or you are not giving the address, why is it necessary son? this business This is business, this is business, nothing is done by doing it brother, give me a share in the business, give me name, give me profit, give me salary, give me savings, let him do it and wherever you are, you are getting exploited like with father, if in this situation then say hello and say I love you.  Run this business yourself, we will do something else, no, it's yours, it's yours, tell me, you run it, or it won't work like this, make your terms and conditions like this, tell father, this is it  My terms and conditions are this much I should get per month, this much salary, I should have a share in the profit, now here father, whatever is reasonable, this is yours, son, I can give this much, I am never saying that it is unreasonable, tell father that the profit is all mine 00  If there is profit then you can ask for 0. I am saying this if you are engaged with money, body and mind, not that you are lazy, you do not get up in the morning, you do not go to business, you do not do any work.  If you are not worthy, if you are not worthy of anyone, then you should not get anything, but if you are working from morning to evening, you are also compromising your family life, you are busy with money, body and mind, then you have no right in asking and there is no right in giving.  It should not happen at all and if I give advice to father, you are a father, you are a father, you are a father, a little more, he deserves ₹ 10, 12 is your child, no, you can give it later, you will give it later, now give it with your hand friend.  Give with your hands. The happiness in giving is not in missing out. Do you understand how you liked my words? Tell me the video. If you want more detailed discussion on this, you need case studies, you need situations, you need more clarity, because I really don't know that all my  I have no data as to how many employed people are there in my audience, how many are business people, but to whom I have given this effect and identification, please subscribe your father and he will see the video, sooner or later it is ok, direct.  Can't send, no problem, send me some other video of mine, those videos are linked up, the playlist is linked up, they will like some other video of mine, they will subscribe, if you agree, then this video which you sent will also be seen, it may not be so.  Maybe many people do n't have the courage. Okay, then send it to mom. If you ca n't send it to dad, show this video to mom. Look at this video. This is neither our relative nor our friend. Give him a day or two. He is a consultant.  Cases come to us, there is sorrow and pain and this is telling, this is what is happening with us as well, mummy ji, please recommend to papa ji, this is how mummy listens, brother, you can show it to mummy and the wives who are listening.  Hey brother, have you also found someone to teach you and the message to the girl's family when you marry in business houses is that you should check whether you are doing such work, otherwise your daughter will remain dependent on everything.  You will get a lot of great feeling in BMW Mercedes, your daughter will get Desiree, it was meant to carry the bride to her wedding. Those who were carried in a doli in a BMW, it does not mean that she will get a B.Ed. She is in the service of her mother-in-law.  You will have to do it now, you will have to do more in 30-40 years, you will get that business now, that business can happen now, it can also happen after 20 years because you know the businesses are also running or not.  Have GST and PST come or these days all this is going on due to technical disturbances, things are sold through social media or J's and this awareness one day will make a great good video on situation awareness also thank you.