That Hello friends, after the immense success of Naukri series video one, the video 2nd oven had become long, it will not be that long at all, I thought that I will make one and what kind of response will come, then I will see further, the response has been very good, people have said more.  So I have decided that I will make 5, 6, 7, so this is the second video. If you guys dare, I am not saying too much, I will give you 150 lives, then it will be released on the third day. After watching this series, you will definitely feel relaxed.  This is my promise in life, so today's topic is about the job series I am going to tell the reader about the very very big secret that is the one thing which has fooled all of us for so many years in general and the job seekers in particular. I am going to tell you and you have to write in the comment section whether you understood it or not, I will reveal this secret and its two small implements, what you have to do, I will tell them those points and my previous videos.  I thought that what I have talked about is being positive by 20 year olds, 25 30 year old people, so it has become obscene for those above thirty-five and will be ahead for twenty-twenty people, so this  The cigarette that I am going to release in the video is this. For many years we have been told that we have golden eggs after retirement. Look, the seeds and golden hairs after 1660 are the most  Who has been made a big fool and why was he made, I tell his logic and what are the boldness, I tell him, the best years of life are 38524, 500 years, which 3555 gas, why is that also, I tell all these golden rates which are said for retirement. After this, you talk to untied people, talk to people of this age and see how many golden eggs you get to play. Talk about India, I talk about India. Witness pain in the body, judgment, now I don't want to kill all the elders, tell you what you are feeling, smiling and humming, who do you look like in 1617, tell me, the man is fine, he is feeling like the shade of a cool tree.  A video is being prepared for them, it is also prepared for them so that they can be happy in reality by removing the bitterness from their life, but it is not golden because from the childhood we make our life like this from the stomach.  No one can't, no one can and why has this fool been made so that we will keep grinding the mill, keep grinding the mill in pick 45, he is getting tired, he is not bold, the golden years are golden, there is no golden that does not work due to toothache, the confidence remains somewhere out there  Will go, nothing is eaten, nothing is worn, something was joined, money is definitely there, those are the insults, in 3540 that my house will be like this, yoga is not maintained, in 31 the man thinks 2BHK  Let's go to Kucha Kucha market, have some food and drink, my exam should be done 3555 Joint has to be done, you do n't have to tax your life, why is it so in 35, what happens in 36 3536, astrological, when I will understand, I will be able to do the pending and my urologist in my plan.  I will tell you about other planets, luck rises, half of it happens according to 36, as per the cold, then that more and less till 3536, mostly people. By doing this they settle down and become the least, before that they get married and get a job. By that age, it's time to enjoy. Immediately, at that time, I see people running in a race.  There is no environment in the end of the contract hiding in it. I am not teaching bastardy anywhere that people should not do their jobs well or talk rudely to the boss or that. I am showing you that you do not understand one thing. Very carefully.  What is a job? Giving your time to someone and taking money in return. I, you, you and he will decide that time. In the job, the normal concentration is that of a doctor and the one who is in a different program that he decides there, but when we are employees.  When he joins our institute Shyam, he decides when you will come, when you will go, what work you will do, when you will do it, and then he decides when you will go on leave, whether you will go or not, how much will you take, he is the controller that for so many days the lever is five steps.  You have to ask someone, my father is sick, my child has stomach ache, should I take him, should I take leave, all this is a room regulation, then it should be known that when already there is so much stress inside him on the default setting that he  Do you can't live life the way you want? So in the time you are getting, you have to see how much of your time you have to give and how much you have to save. Further, I respect this very much. Mohammadi, how to conduct money by going to work place. How to delete a worker from a wife, how to delete a worker from a cigarette, the boss is the last thing, the first thing and if the boss is interested in the house, then how to convert, you will get peace in life, you have to stay connected, but first of all you should go to this tag actress today.  From short videos that life has to be lived as in childhood from 35 onwards, if you are from 3555 then do it like this, if you are from 3555 then keep doing it but if you become stable at 35.  Yes, the salary is coming, I have got a job, the child is set, my nature is set, so enjoy it, the promotion that is there today is such a big curse, the topic of the video is the job, I will tell you why promotion will be a curse, oh friend, what have you taught me?  As for promotion, the public says that I am fine, leave him but I will tell you how he is a curse, so today I had said that in the beginning I will tell you two things, what to do if between 35 and childhood and  Grinding mill is going on, the first thing that you too feel in your hands, will you not reduce it, the milk is being heated on the gas on high flame, so if you divert your attention and take out the milk, it will take 1 second and if that  You reduce the flame to low, then you can shift your attention left and right, you can attend a call and take something out from it, you can put something in the microwave, today it is less, you will feel that there is not much effect, my entire time is more.  feeling but you multi  Do not concentrate on yourself by skilling and you all are understanding by spooning these facts, if you are women and also men who go into the kitchen by mistake, this is useful and I also understand what happened to see that milk has been kept and I have done art sim.  Today you have just understood that it is about making special arrangements with the small things in life that you had to understand that this election commission has to be investigated by taking the books of the British, this is an example of India's kitchen by sending a sink for  Two, it's quick, but the control is there, you don't have the money, but it's gone out of your hands, you don't know when what happened, so you have the control and I am running other programs on the SIM, so this is doing one thing, what else do you have to do? Hai Jind, Jind's wives do not work, they do not work. I am 19 years old, middle class, all of them are qualified. If anyone has passed 5th then I will post it in the comment section. It is okay. If anyone has married someone who has  Do n't have the talent to study, can't do any work, she is not only a pimple, that too, give hi in the comment section, do n't agree, all our women today are fully capable, fully capable of undertaking any work, so this was my second most important one, please make yours.  Wife's work: Your man's options will gradually start opening up and then that yearning that I should become this should go, may it be good. That space will reduce automatically. By doing this SIM, other work is not possible. If you want to make a video about double income group, then write DIG for double income group government service. If you want to make it interactive in a separate comment section, I will tell you.  I will tell you those small videos of five minutes each that we have to work on, now I will tell you all those things suitably so that your life gets improved, first of all do this secret and turn off the clock.  That we have to live in 3255 If we have made a plan 1628 Too late sixty-five years Your child's merit is sour Yours is golden age Golden a day for six It's okay Thank you Can't control act The Amazing Maze I know no chances  After Hi I'm Not Wishing For Anybody But All Of This You Ca n't Do A Charity Thank You 62 F I Video Vitamin B12 Engine  Someone had told Oil that this is my timing and brother, I will not go now, the children were not allowed to visit the site, there were tears in the children's marriage, there were tears in the children having children, there are one and a half thousand reasons to thank you, just Konsi, how much you are enjoying.  That's what I talk about in that 1617, that the old man who used to say that he will not have the strength to go for a walk, only then do the program first, then how did you like this video, let me know, gradually I will take you.  I will go, all the residences cannot be covered in one video, I have given some options for you guys please size more options and I am excited to give, I have the content and I will talk about the things which India needs to discuss and no so  Please, your target is to like it on WhatsApp, share it, put it on the group, make it a topic of discussion and start speed dating among yourselves that from 35 to childhood we are intact. Whatever I wanted to say from a long life, now I have forgotten half of it, I will tell you in the next video, thank you.