That Hello friends now Big Big Big Big Latest News for Sona South Gurgaon 17 18 minutes from Rajeev Chowk Apne Know It is not the second flavor which is going to be made in 10 days In the coming 10 days the first one is at least the next one from Badshahpur.  Nine to ten kilometers of gold is gone, now this is not news that the one next to Subhash Chowk will be built, 10,000 acre Aravali Wildlife Sanctuary will come up.  This is also not in use in that area. The news that is there is that it is being built on the Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, it is at a distance of four-five kilometers from there. That too is not in use. Dabegi News 1501 at prime land has been allotted for ITI Electronic now. It is not in the air to do something that is unwanted, this last 500 acres is for electronics, 1,000 is for electric, that 500 is for IIT. One has already commented that the company has taken it and that company has already invested 1178 crores there against 1104 its investment is again the condition of agreement 1561 This is the line Government HSIDC which is the department has allotted it This has to be made a big hub. Okay, now it has 561 for quality electronics and 500 for high quality.  It has been given to a company with the name of 108 and that company has to invest Rs 10,000 crore and the battery company has already invested Rs 1178 crore in it, so this is a big news, it will affect the real estate very positively. Area Mein Aap Has Been Covering Na Project For Quite Sometime It's Being Used To Describe And Activity Ye Sab User Kuch Log To Kuch Aage Badhegi Life Story To  Come, if it comes in the newspaper, go to the village of Congress and subscribe, then it is okay, I have already given you the information about this project, but it is the last day that we will not do anything in this project, so this is the Joe Sona Road.  And going forward, it turns into gold and on top of that, this money of Rs 2500, this road project which I am covering, will be built in three to four years, so it will also be written back and all this.  Positive are making it very hot spot with sauce Where can you go now from Kundli-Manesar-Palwal You can go from Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor You can go from Rajiv Chowk You will get milk, something else is going to be made which I tell the private people, from here you can go 8  If you people know that you will reach there in a minute, then eight percent of the connectivity from all sides, subscribe subscribe public places in public places like you  If you are able to see, residential is only thirty percent, then the whole, if you know yourself, from a particular side, there are 18 open special houses, rest of all the tensions which are institutional and this time, so the development here is taking place already in factories where you have to go.  You will see that the entire rear school from your university is running, all are running, in 12 to 15 minutes the ground was there as if the flavor will open then the connectivity is through this one.  It will become a joint city, like which of your cities are fine like Chandigarh, Panchkula or you see this, Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Mother Can Shout, which one was finished, it is not known, Naya Raipur, Raipur Ticket, many such cities are fine at this time.  But Amritsar used to be Lahore before independence, okay, now partition has happened, so some cities are like this, okay, so this is a very good development which needs to be stressed upon if you want information.  The project I am covering is jailed for the next five-seven days, so you can WhatsApp me. Chiefs with small stomachs fly tight kites, not for tights. If you WhatsApp me, then I will give you more information on that.  I will keep improving. 10GB is a good project. It is a good project for investment. It is a residential project. It is good and with all these things it will do the game and in 5 days my channel will be left with units of fuel. It is okay so this video is like it is being shot.  Just think about the letter of 24th June, the matter will be over in 30 minutes. Okay, so this video is not supplied, it is not supplied, it is not on that road because physically go and see, there is no place, everything is left.  Right is also ok so act on WhatsApp to the number given below thank you a