Hello friends, these are the times when there is a lot of confusion in this, there is a little bread in it, that is why I have made this topic today to spread some clarity to the environment, in this I will discuss four points which I will explain a little.  What is happening in it and it will help those people in this? The first thing I will tell you about government jobs is the children in your government jobs who are not able to give exams right now and their  I will discuss about it, in the second thing I will tell about some friends of real estate, in the third thing I will tell something for women, what they should do on this pack and fourthly I will tell everyone in general that you people should work as per the job. But before that let's start 15th I will cover one thing which we all are doing very wrong, I would like to tell you the biggest mistake which we general common man is doing and that is that there is a perception pattern on news on social media. Everywhere on the channels, there is so much politicization in this environment that people have lost their clarity and all their energy is being wasted in that thing. You all have to avoid this thing, I want to tell you all. Every fifth person in India is a worker of some political party. It could be your relatives, it could be your friends, it could be at work, it could be at home or it could be you yourself. You should avoid these people.  We will always discuss like this, this is very good, he did very good, this is bad, this was bad, this he did good, nothing should come out of this in your life, if your daughter is 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 years old, you are a father.  Your focus and attention should be on job or marriage only and there should not be any third thing. You do not need to comment anywhere on which government will come and which one will go, who is good and who is bad. Senior officer of Just Ki Tapo, my complete  channel  It's all about this, I used to speak in a system way earlier, I am a little shy about this thing, I am also indirectly present on Maiya, it has become like this, I will have to tell as soon as I open it, for the welfare of the people, I have a request for my subscribers who have not yet subscribed to the channel. Do these on my different playlists, there are 12 other menus, there are 12 different dishes, go to the playlist, there are different videos on different topics, watch them.  You will get a lot of clarity in this regard. I am requesting everyone again not to run after the ideology of any political party. The religion of every political party is to stay in power, it is to come into power and they are performing their religion very well.  We are doing this work for them, but because of the sacrifice we are making of our lives to do this work, we could not reach anywhere. We will not get an oxygen cylinder by liking or disliking someone, we will get it through our jugaad, through our luck.  There is a limit in discussing all these things. It is one sided on one side of the spectrum. On the other side are the children who are making teams in the IPL. One means that the parents are engaged in politics and the children are engaged in some program of their own. That's me, people waiting time black anything, then this is a mistake, I request you all with folded hands, do not give too much of yourself in this and focus on your life, so the first thing I would like to tell is that 1827 30 year old children.  Those who are between 27 and 28 have given the exam for government jobs, the result has not come, they are preparing for this exam or they had failed last time, they are preparing again this time, no one has got the exam date, they are endlessly at home.  You are sitting here, not doing anything, studying, this is what parents should say to these children: go out and work, earn money or do whatever you want, it is not right to sit at home all the time and wait or wait.  It will get better, time notes will stop, then I will pass an exam. You are welcoming your life. If you are 22, 23, 24, 25, 26 years old and you are not earning money today then it will not be done tomorrow either.  And you will have to start from this, on this I would like to make an edited video that if you people will fry, then I will spend 10 to 15 minutes in it and tell you what the children have to do in this rally, what is the biggest problem of the children.  You do n't read books which can change your life because for 18 years you have read in school books and then you will go to college and then you are reading for work during coffee dates. Then when you get a job, will you read those books also because is this the only thing?  It is written in the book that by offering water, you can make your life better on your own control by adding some elements in your life, then who will tell that your life is mental, but in old times Guru used to call it Amazon, it is called stamina in English.  Who increases things, who takes things here and there, who checks things, who saves your time, who tells you in advance that this imaginary casserole of yours that I will become this child, the chances of this are very less anyway What is the cut off? For how many years will you keep preparing for competition exams? There is a cut off for government job or if you can work for 40 years in state government, then you will be serving pizza for 40 years.  Will I get a job or do you guys have to think? The second point is that these are cutting corners in real estate. I will talk about staying away from the small ones for now. Restructuring in real estate by Holly Adams. Many people do not want money. What is happening in buying related things?  There are 25 people in the market who will buy around Rs. Only one of them needs money. This one is the one who has ₹ 1. He has also bought the property. From middle to purchased  Still, after selling sugar close to Messi's, Dechris Afridi said something, I will take it small, someone has taken a plot for builders, someone will take a shop, when someone's investigation is getting triggered by buying it, I sold my winters to you.  With the money I bought a shop, whose shop I also bought, left right left person gave something, there will be a lot of these things, this can be called circular trading, this is happening a lot, right now the allocation is less, not so much ad, did not buy water, but what Anand Singh's  Maithili went to the top, her money came to the next generation, sold it to the next fans, cut the page into four pieces, took things from different places, started running things related to it, it is quite good from the shops, so the second thing I want to tell you is that in 2019  Those who are in the Ninety-Nines, born out of the image of a child not being born, will not be able to buy a house if their parents buy a house for them in advance and they will be characters like what is going on in London. In London, the biggest sin that the parents have to commit and  The insecurity is that their children will live on rent all their life, they cannot buy for them, they have bought their own with difficulty and they will give anti-economics all their life. How much money can I spend in the world? This new generation in the world has this idea of ​​never buying a house.  No matter how you calculate, a banker with a salary of 30-35,40,000 will not be able to buy even a house worth Rs 25 lakh, and until he is able to buy, the value of those houses will increase.  So you have to see such planets that how should you use your money so that whether your child is a boy or a girl, you cannot buy a small house for him, take it, even if he lives in it, he is feeling at peace.  The one who has come is his then and if the rent is late then he calls it an arbitrage opportunity, as if he will be there for him, at least your return in the family will be there then it does not give current because in my previous video, the form house of our body is made. I  It was said that if the family has to live together, it should remain sour, then you should not buy big houses for your children, take your own small one and also make arrangements for the child and when the child has to live, then give him a separate amount for that, then check and if the student goes.  Take this dream from him, take rent from son and daughter, there is no shame in taking rent from a little less than the market, but you have created a cooperative for him that he can live with, if he will do well, then give a comment, if he does not do well, then you should not keep mine.  What will this do to switch on the child?  If they can, then they can buy the property in a timely manner. There is no need to buy unnecessary commercial properties. The portfolio of residential real estate in your house is old and I have seen many people. You will move to a 3BHK. The child will live with you, there will be no shatter.  It hasn't happened, you guys know a lot about the people stuck in your commercial, that's why on the commercial, I tell them in a very detailed video, there is a very sudden change in the lines which people want on that, that I can do in a proper way.  Tell me the detailed video and tell me openly on this because as the subscriber base of my request increases, your confidence increases. Before telling the things in total, first you want to tell the things with a little shyness, I am very big on commercial.  I want to break the secret, my request is that at least if I get 20 to 30 commercials in the comment section, then I will definitely do so. This is my request till now.  Those who have not subscribed the channel and pressed the mobile notification, please press the end next point for women, I want to tell you that every third point of women is very worried and they were worried during their favorite time, it goes away, okay, the worry is worrying situation.  But why worry, if a person is not doing anything like sweeping and mopping utensils, if he is not working outside and loves his family very much, then what is the best thing for any lady to do?  I am worried about my daughter, I am worried about my daughter, I do n't know under what kind of pressure, when will I get married, I have got a job for my daughter, I am very worried about my daughter, why are you worried because you have more vacancies to fill.  That a man has only one minute of time and space, so he fills it with worries and you think that I am doing a lot of work and the one who doesn't worry that I have found her, just means to pass the time. Tell all the women who want to watch this video today After tomorrow morning, you have to do one thing. All the people in your family, husband, children, boys and girls should be above 10 years of age. Teach them how to cook this or that food. You have to teach everyone in your family how to cook this or that. I don't know.  So you should know how to cook, languages ​​cannot be erased, you can eat full meals and you just do this basic thing, your fear will start reducing when you will come to know that you can cook food alone in your house, chop vegetables and add sugar to food. Don't teach magazines and tea, how does tadka taste, how do vegetables taste, how are vegetables prepared, many marriages are breaking, someone goes to me for marital counseling because boys have never learned to cook, girls are yours and our thieves, theft is equal to thieves.  I did it okay, I had come to the Dangal movie Maheshwari, if it is less then it will be equal, leave it, but the girl also doesn't know how to cook, snow is fine in the rain, instead of beating the boys and beating them, feed them. Women have stopped teaching girls also, this is a big wrong and in the society, the men of 40, 45, 50, 55, 60 years should also be taught to teach their own boys, teach their daughters also, everyone's duties have been tied to this one.  Women have to work and what else do they have to do and ladies and women who are beautiful, this video of mine is of your choice, you have earned money, you have worked, I did not know that but now I am helping you by monetizing your life.  You have to monitor your time like this, when you turn 50, you should use your mind to earn money. If you can also earn, after looking at your life, after having your skin, then even your children cannot earn. All the ladies in parties are in their fifties.  He should do something to set that thing up and the children will get benefited and all the men who left their jobs who were in government jobs or got hired from some other jobs and loaded them in big trucks are creating dust, he is  Support your wife and take out the goods in her name and do the test case there, if you keep posting these 1 lakh 2 lakh infections, then you have to do such a family going forward, now there is no use for your son or girl in Bangalore.  A resident of Gurgaon, Delhi is doing a job worth forty fifty sixty thousand rupees in Bengaluru. He did not have ₹1 left, he will not get any benefit from it. He will not get any benefit in selling his property in Pune. Get settled in the same place. These are the times. Times are like this.  The family that is nearby is free, the family that is nearby is living very happily and peacefully, the brinjal is suspicious, the situation is going to be added, we are feeling that when the injection is given, we have to calculate how much time it will take to give the injection, but the time in which  You are feeling that the time portion has increased, it seems like this is a different one, make everyone run, calculate how many months are left and after that, do another strain, then again you don't know about the past and tribulations and we don't know about the future ahead, keep the family close.  Be practical, don't waste money unnecessarily, and lastly, when I want to tell that people who are doing a lot of jobs, too much self-confidence in their job, even now the company will pass you by using chilli, keep only one third of it and I am the big one. I am very happy that feedback is not coming from the middle level and top level of the company and there are internal signals, but complaints are also coming that the next generation did not do the work for them even after one stage.  They cannot be kidnapped and they are not ambitious, this is a very good thing because it is the quality of life policy of the team of one generation of Indians, every person was ready for the police, so it was not this generation which made its own cutoff.  I had given this to him, I like it very much that brother, now you tell him something peaceful, toxic, smooth, check, but I have to drive this car even at this critical moment, it is right that you have given the juice of yours to someone else.  Did n't give me a tight rein that you take it out four times and drink the juice and I get less money and my condition gets worse, it's fine but if your child is a time child who is an energy child, then if you see the next list of her, then with useless friends.  In talking and then you will indulge in it, then your life unit itself is fashionable. It is true that you are trying to maintain that balance in your life or whatever it means, in this way, you are not spending too much of your time, but  Why tubelight at that time?  Are you able to do introspection, are you able to resist that Sanskrit is a big sin on your own, you people can connect with me on things on which I want to take India, I have ideas, I also make the baby angry on the topics.  Of those who will be directly connected, I will share my active thoughts in the form of messages, so you people can participate in their destruction. When I am giving you practical ideas, I am a course sports and that crowd is not going to do anything about me.  Pizza promotion work will be the question of the world. Earn money and become like this. I understand that I have no work like Hawa. Practical safe and I say that whatever cannot be explained in one or two hours and cannot be explained to a fifth class child. That thing can go, there is no use in understanding it anyway, so you too, the first thing I said to everyone was to get out of the political debate, quieten them, if I told them, the more they would have followed me, I would have been yours. Don't be behind voting Pattu, we are very good, this one is yours, he is very good, he is a great man, so we leave it, okay, let me concentrate on my family, my call, Ismail, like this, my share, my life is my life, my meditation, my hearing.  Study please please, this is a gift from you people, just like I have also seen the time laptop on you guys in the video, whether I have given something by taking time or I have just taken it as my own, then you have to check that the person who is coming into your life. You  He is just talking, he is taking your time, he is watching you, in return Twitter has expressed anger, meaning, condition, hatred, who is yours, what is your time, I am not taking any name of anyone, nor am I calling anyone good.  I am a Brahmin, I am saying this that all of them have to follow their religion, they are doing the right thing, they have to capture all the social media like this, all the channels have to give this different thing to everyone, so that all the concern keeps on talking that the public should apply their mind to the libretto.  If it hits then your brain will burn  If you want to invest in it, then you have to see what is right for you. Just think about yourself and your family. There are a lot of people. Apart from this, tell me how you liked watching this video. Like the channel, subscribe and share the channel.  Not requested, subscribe thank you