Hello friends, this is a very important video, you have to share it with everyone, those who are married, those who are going to get married, boys, youth, girls, everybody, who says, 'padna' (marriage), this kind of change is going to happen in a year, and what changes are going to happen, we are going to share it with you all.  Which movie was it, there was a song of Madhuri in it and Salman and he were saying, oh Ram, it is the era of girls, so you were seeing that era of girls, now in the next year, what happens to girls, masculine, okay, it is the era of boys.  I am a big observer of the society, I do eyewitness account on daily basis and you know my videos are absolutely original and when the tide changes or something happens like this that it is 12 o'clock and then  It went this way, the needle's blade went like this, so I am telling you that there is good in this, you should not be fooled into thinking that it is bad because when I was telling so many boys about my videos, I have been telling this for the last three-four years There was a pain in section 498 Domestic violence, this, that, by doing this, this story is going to change, now what is happening is why this video got triggered, let me tell you, watch a little, the video will be long but you guys have to join because look, this video is affecting your life This video is not a waste of time, you will not find it anywhere on any channel or any social media. After three years, an article will be published on this video and then you will say that you had told me nine years ago that this video was triggered and in one shot, I told Acharya Prashant ji  Yes dear Acharya Prashant ji, I saw one shot of his which was a part of a video, the full description was a part of the complete video, in that part he is giving such knowledge to the youngsters that today I will link up that the change is starting to happen and this video  I will tell you, he said that he was travelling in a flight and on the seat behind him was a husband and a young couple with a small child and I will show you a little by acting what he told and that child was crying like an animal I was crying, I couldn't even sleep. This is an atrocity. What will these people read? Will they read the Gita? Will they do any great work? Will they do such things?  He was doing this brother for once I got very angry okay because you know okay he is Thanos so I am Iron Man okay he has taken the contract to destroy half the world with a snap of his fingers so I  I am the Iron Man, okay, for once I felt very irritated, to tell you the truth I thought I should make a video on that but then I realized it because I keep writing my research thoughts, I keep writing observations, I am linking them very beautifully.  Or no, do n't tell me right now, this is awakening wisdom and consciousness, Acharya Prashant has got 1.5 crore subscribers, he has become India's number one YouTuber, CarryMinati was behind, CarryMinati used to come behind, Acharya ji is number one now brother If he has attracted 1.5 crore people, then it is not buts, there are some issues or problems in the life of these people which are related to them, now he is giving them knowledge, which according to me is very wrong, it is okay but then the same  I want to teach you guys what feels right What is wrong with that has nothing to do with life, if we want to live a good life then we just have to see what is happening and what is happening because of that and what is happening because of that and what will happen in the higher order  If we have to think, then many boys are making sacrifices, who now do not want to marry girls, they are fed up with the girls, their hearts are broken, now all the tantrums of the girls will crash in two to three years, the girl's family will be running around in despair in India  This is the announcement of the number one wedding specialist. Now, there are many such content in it. As I told you, I got irritated with their videos, I accept it but I did not take that irritation in such a way that I started doing something against them. Although, it is a feeling.  It comes to doing what he is saying, type then you realize that brother he is saying, people are listening and appreciating, why are you doing this and what will happen from it, then I have awakened my mind and consciousness, intellect and conscience as well.  I also see that yes brother there are lots of youngsters boys specially who  They will not marry, they will not marry in future also, these are called tough boys, they will become tough boys, okay so the choices that girls had, this will change, there was female foeticide at a time in the 90s due to which the male sex ratio had reduced drastically and females  Girls got that kind of choice, especially in North India, Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Western UP, Rajasthan, even Madhya Pradesh, there was a lot of all this in the Hindi heartland, so girls got that kind of choice, some girls also do not want to get married for what ever reasons,  There was a choice of 1:2, every girl had the choice of selecting one from two boys, so there would have been tantrums, demand is a thing of supply, if a lot of flats are available then the buyer has a choice and there is no supply  If it comes then the seller expands, this is the truth of life, so this thing is changing because as the time is coming, see, now the boy who is 27, 28, 30, 31, 32 and has not got married, is now from the market.  It has been removed, it is not available, suppose now that ratio of girls after 2010, which is very happy with me and even in places like Haryana, if you see in Kerala, then there are already more girls there but there are 1000 boys more, which is less than the norm.  It should be there, but I don't know if the old sins are getting settled, normally it should be at 50, in the long term there are more girls for every thousand boys, after one stage, after one judge, you can easily extract and check the data of that as well  You can do it but it will be visible in the next three to four years that I will not go to my parents' house, I will fulfill all the seven vows, so now this Cheap Charlie type thing is not happening, no one is harassing the girls, not doing anything to the girl's family, I will show it by doing the work because  What is it, earlier when I used to talk like that, the boys used to have this problem, SA Creator, make videos, the boys will talk, the girls will start respecting them, if you do something for the girls then the girls will run away, the boys will do it, but ultimately what is it friend, I  I am telling you what I have seen with my own eyes, here, now the person whose morale was low and who is listening to me now, a 19-20-21-22 year old boy, let it be fun, in your time, tell me about the moral of the elder men and this sacrifice that we have made is a bit harsh  Boys, history will always remember them, were you that, but now you will never know, in this video of mine, Sir Kazim, for whom and what am I trying to get done by whom, that is what I am trying to awaken the intelligence, discretion and consciousness of my audience, on my own.  Wake yourself up, okay and when she wakes up then it's not like if the one on 31 didn't do it now, he won't do it at 38, he will do it, he will do it at 38 also, he will do it before anyone else, it's a never to never thing, okay so because We have many people who spread confusion like Acharya Prashant, who have gone on the path of bitterness, why have they gone, I do n't know what is their problem, what is their great work, if you want videos on them then I will do that too if there is demand.  So that  I will also make a reply to that video, I will do it with great respect, it is not my job to arouse extreme emotions, because if you are satisfied in your life brother, then it will not be so bitter, it is okay to do this, do that, it will not create much fuss  The one who is shouting a lot that this should not happen, that should not happen, or do this, do that, there is something wrong somewhere, where there is no problem, there the person says yes, it is okay, everything is fine.  We will do it in the future as well, whatever happens is good, if it happens then it's good, if it doesn't happen then it's also good. So now I want to gradually take these things on a journey, I want to take you people and the youth, I want to bring guidance from my side and bring balance. I don't have any organization, I don't have any army, I do n't have any organization that goes around on motorcycles, I do n't run any advertisements, not like that, whatever money I earn, I earn from my courses, whatever I do, I do it only for myself.  I earn for this, I do not have any such pretense of doing any good for the society  It is like that I am earning money like this and doing something great with it, no, organic growth can be done as much as possible through my videos because this is what will actually strike you and actually it will change one day Brothers and sisters, those 5.5 crore people will come here as well, I am predicting that too through my channel, through you guys, do you guys agree and you don't agree, so tell me on that thing, okay?  Today this was a little good news for the boys that brother this tantrum will reduce a bit, 40000 6 Haj boys will also get married, girls which has become excessive because whenever what happens in the society, one gender or one community or one section or  Whenever the oppression of one class increases on the other, then the rebound effect comes. This has been going on for many years. We have seen that men, boys, men did a lot. In fact, they did not have to suffer as much as they brought, this is also a fact that in 1980, dowry  it would be burned on top of  There were girls and that news used to come normally, sometimes the stop burst, sometimes some stories burst here and all that, you people know, men have not been tortured that much, at the most men have been dragged into courts, have you seen any man Burnt, something like that under section 498, means no man was burnt, so according to me no such atrocity took place, although when I used to make those videos, I knew that I had to face a lot of trolling, especially the hatred of boys.  I was the character of, I am fine, but that was an observation, what was happening, the pain he was feeling was also an observation, the things I was telling him at that time were also correct, now I am telling you that Bhaiya, now this tide  Change is happening, so if you are a girl, then now you will have to move up a bit in the value chain, you will have to move up in the skill set because in the future, a random girl, meaning an average girl who is at this level, will have a lot of choice.  These tantrums were happening, these tantrums will end, the balance of demand and supply will come  It will go away and the boys too were not able to find Guruji, they were not able to find good girls, that was the definition of a good girl and this was the good girl was not available and the average girl was having tantrums with good boys, this was a fact of the society because this was a supply mismatch And the society's createddocumentsfragment is a partner. In this North Indian belt, those who worked in the 90s are crying doubly. They committed a sin and got a boy but there was no benefit of getting a boy and at that time, those girls who had girls  Those girls who did it, means they did not terminate it, they are calling the shots, okay, they called the shots for quite some time, but that tide is changing that very day from 2027, and that trend is already starting to change, but you guys will not see it right now, society  It will not be visible to the person because what happens is that if the pan is very hot and when the gas is turned off, then the pan does not cool down, it takes time, but the person who is watching from below, a social observer like us, will know that yes, it has turned off brother  But yes, it will take time for it to cool down, it will take years for the common man to see this trend change. My subscribers who are connected with me, I am so grateful to them that you people have seen that I am an astrologer by the way, but here I am a forecaster.  There is no astrology in this, I am saying this, I am just telling you what I have seen, what I have seen with my own eyes, so you will see the pattern, so if you are a boy and you were very bitter that you do not know what will happen, then wait for two-three years  Do it, you will see your pattern changing and if you are a girl and you are still throwing a lot of tantrums, then see, in another six to eight months the tantrums will go away but the pattern will start changing and we will reach a good state where neither boys nor  The guys are throwing tantrums, the girl's guys are throwing tantrums, I am the best, you know, I am the boy get the best, the girl only deserves, I am the girl deserves the best boy which she deserves, it is good if you get what you deserve  The requested programs will not be completed, this is the message, such original How do you like the videos, do you like them because if it doesn't hurt anyone so much then I have many more things to tell you because many times what happens is that a person hesitates that no friend if you will say it like this then I will know  No, how will the audience take it in a way that this video is not construed as anti-female. It is not an anti-female video. It is an eye-witness account. It is not anti, like the videos that I had made earlier where the boys rolled me a lot. I said, brother, this is such a time.  They will have to adjust, the boy cannot live with his parents, Bhau will have to be kept separately, many people suffered, but as I said, there is bound to be trouble in that, if they do not confuse them with good and bad, then they will greatly hurt the boy's family and the boys.  It was lash, so I tolerated it because I have to give the message, through that message many people have got their homes settled and improved, definitely there is a change happening in the society with my videos and this is a positive feedback for me, what do you people think?  Change is happening and now by God's Grace kinda podcast  It has also become a hit. Some people had called me because my production value is not great. There won't be much light, there wo n't be any shik shik, that animation won't be seen. But now I have connected with many people who have worked for my podcast. Recently, some of them have even gone into the millions and it feels even better than that. So, if anyone has something to do with podcasts, I have a lot of content and there are a lot of questions to explain and tell. My favourite thing is to have different varieties. I should tell the things which have not been told yet to the people and those who want to join can please write in the comment section and the number is great for 2 hours whatsapp, if you want to buy it then buy it those who are not married okay or  Those whose children are getting married or you want to become a pre marital consultant, its cost is equivalent to the fee of a pizza, its cost is in three digits only, Rs. 700, what is it, it is okay, you take that, make notes of it, it is an excellent workshop, 30 unique  Questions that a boy and a girl should ask each other, which you should ask  That is what a man will ask because if the boy 's mother asks the girl's daughter or the girl 's mother asks the boy's son or his father, then it becomes a little awkward and everybody wants to ask that, so why does Jagga become a detective and pay money to detectives? Why should someone waste petrol himself? In spying, the things which cannot be asked directly in front of the person, if it is a lie, that too is taught, how to catch the lie, okay and you do n't need to ask in that, a consultant like us will ask, yes sir, hello, tell me what  Where will you stay? Where will the girl stay after marriage? Direct question, why should I assume or not, why should I discover that there will be a fight after 30 days, if we talk about it first, it is very good, there are 30 things and it is value for money, okay, and I think That everyone needs it in India and after you brothers and sisters learn it and make notes, that content is yours, you can become a consultant yourself and in a wedding where 20, 30, 50 lakhs are spent in the common middle class,  It is not decreasing, even the poor are spending a lot of my money  If no one wants to spend so much according to that, then will we, brothers and sisters, not give you the consultation fee from where it starts, whether that fee is Rs. 4, 5 or 6000 because even in that it will take you two-three hours to do what I told you and you will definitely get it, why  You will not get it, Pandit ji gets it, whoever comes to the wedding, however many people come, he gives the band and music to the mare person, wo n't the boy's father give that much to the consultant here, from where the story starts, okay, professional way  I will definitely give it to you, otherwise keep asking the lawyer later. Okay, that is a very good thing. You must do that. If you are not able to understand which one it is, then PM me. However, you will get the link in the comment section. You can purchase it.  Yes, but still write PMC if you still are not able to understand that friend, I am not able to understand how to take it, or if there is any issue then connect, thank you very much