Hello friends, this is a very good topic, watch it till now and share it, and those who have not subscribed to the channel, do it now, it is an amazing channel, go to the playlist and watch the video, those who are new are looking forward, life will go bad, the topic is the biggest psychological hurdle of  Middle class witch is keeping them away from making it big in life. I have to think about such a big topic, it is okay to do it like this, so if I say it in simple language, then you have one hesitation, this is my middle class audience, you  If you are a lower class then you are most welcome but you are not my audience, these issues are not high for the door class, I will not help you, I will tell you in the display and I will also tell you something else, if you want to do it quickly, then what is this business like in a job? You go to a job, you tell him, there is a conversation, caste, this is a package and you have to come and go, you have to do your morning and evening, you have to do your life from morning to evening, you have taken a package, now you do not have to ask money from anyone.  go every day and today I have done less to give money to you, you are a respectable man, educated, what have you done in your life, have you made a deal or does the middle class not think that brother, there is one more thing to do to earn money. I will be left with the products and they will have some kind of MRP written on it and if I give the phone then brother, give it to me, give me the money, there is no need to ask for injections in this too or you will have to understand why there are so many, so the middle class lives in both these exchanges. between  When I have to speak, don't do this, don't do this, then what should I do? Is it easy to do business? I am answering this question to the middle class, what should I do if you are the driver of my channel? Across, I have three channels. Clarity Guruji is from Gurugram, if not then please search for him and subscribe to him. Brother, I am giving you the inferiority complex of what to do with so many people. People are asking me what to do in the comment area, if they do n't even do a government job. Such things happen even in private sector and if business is not easy then what should they do? In every video I give a hint as to what to do. If I ca n't bear it then I will just give you a check. Every month they will ask you for money. I do it myself who is associated with me. The price can be anything from 77 rupees to 20077 370 577 2977. Hesitancy to ask for money is the biggest problem.  Middle class people don't ask for money that if I tell anything to anyone, I will take the money. Yes, the doctor is also late, what medicine do I have to prescribe to you and he is such a professional, I did n't do it like that, who will give it to me? That I have to give a certificate, I have to resolve his pain point, I have to listen to him, I have to give him consultation on something, he will give money, he will give less, he will give more but he will give, why is there hesitation, because what do people do? Free advice from friends.  Now I have come to the halli tree, this is a popular concert. I also have acquaintances, friends and relatives, and other people too, they also expect me to ask something from him, friend, tell me just this much, I cannot tell you this much because you are never this much. So you are a friend, take the answer for free, but you will say why so, then you will have to solve the questions, it takes an hour and a half to solve the question, it takes money per hour, because every person has so many friends and acquaintances.  If someone is sitting with you, then if he is Hawaii and who wants to distribute sweets among the women, then all the people are sitting with so much information and after knowing it, but if they do not sit, then after knowing, they will come to know that Nathulal Hawaii, that crazy shop of Koni. Pay free sweets tells acquaintances and friends, all will become his friends, you are understanding that I myself come and see you sometime, you must have seen that the pattern is of Ankur's only, Akshay Srivastava ji, he is a very good YouTuber.  I tell a lot about myself, I have shown a lot, I did this, I earned this, I did this, I am mine, I am not comfortable with debt because I say that I give you knowledge with my knowledge and awaken the light with light, I mean to tell you by singing my praises, then that.  That I, but today I have not yet told you the details of that little name, I have spoken a little longer and it is my duty to tell you that this hesitation will be removed only then, do you feel any hesitation in my eyes, I have to speak. Platina Membership Take Link Hey, you are in the middle, you too, yes, earning money is a bad thing, it is not for the people, you don't want me to become rich, if you like me, if you like my content, then you don't want to earn money.  I am also Kamal or do you all think that there is social service here on YouTube? You are very naive. If you are like this, then YouTubers and ruthless professionals who are doing well are bringing 10000 crores plus to Indians. In the economy, ₹ 7 lakh people get employment in dollars from that market. YouTube in YouTube does not mean that the one who says namaskar on YouTube earns money. The one who makes thumbnails also does English translation.  Someone is doing that, subtitles come down, someone is doing that too, someone is doing digital marketing, someone is running ads, the whole system is going on, there is money here, now it is neither fruitful in business.  Neither does it work properly nor is it successful in the job and there are thousands and lakhs of things like this and now they will tell the youth or you people in this, man, he is making thumbnails, the child is not settled, oh brother, with so many creators, I have my own channel.  If you have five videos then put one thumbnail worth 300 to ₹ 500. If you are a very good maker then 500 600 are a little average then 300 is the rate. You have to make it on Canva, you have to make it like this.  If you want to make it, someone good is making it, you are making it yourself, everyone has a different butt map, that is also associated with it, if you make 10 hamals a day, then it is three-four rupees, this is your businessman, you have this on your mobile.  Those who are busy on mobiles are wasting their lives. Seeing this, Rail and this Malika are going to Arora. Whoever is dancing here, someone is doing this, brother, you also get money from this phone, Kamal, one small thing, one small thing.  I told everyone here  Don't tell anything for free, darling, this is the first, this is the second, this is the third, this is the 10th, bye-bye Tata, like it and I do n't like it for free, brother, very little is told, but this is told to you people carefully.  I don't understand, it is your hesitation, money is not asked from you, it is a big hijack, no, I will teach Jyoti, I will not teach you, then I will also be able to take money, why won't you be able to take it, who is telling you to take crores of rupees and lakhs of rupees, you see this.  Na chai wala chai wala chai wala can be anything, but chai wala ready has to be opened, so before that, if he is a middle class tea seller, then how will he talk, I will act and tell you, brother, yes man, he is in BG area.  You will open it there friends, otherwise not 150. First you tell me for sure. First you tell me. Take an oath. Write it on your hand with your blood or write the story on some stones. Let me know who will come otherwise I am not going to open it. Don't open it friend no no you.  I also have to tell you because I need to open some more tea, first of all, what do you mean, there will be 100 people standing there, then Patil will go to buy the tea bar, then go to buy the ready and all the 200 people are waiting for that Sharma ji's son to pass the exam. I want to speak to Sharma ji, Popular Sir, okay friend, Rohit is okay, Rohit has just gone to get the ready for tea, now he will come and make it, then we will take it, open the story, you will get to know about the ready here. Shift the story there, sometimes make me stand here, sometimes say yes, she doesn't stand in front of government offices like this, Chhotu comes and gives tea by cutting from both of them, okay, the tea seller is not making you, I am no longer in this for the sake of example.  Basically, I am telling you that before doing anything, the middle class needs oaths and promises, then they also need status in everything, tea vendors also become very powerful people in India, time goes by, just start, then start.  You people do n't even start with the story, tell him everything in advance, then come in me platinum membership, I am removing the hesitation of many people, who are listening to my platinum member, it is only for Mussoorie, if they are listening openly, open.  I am speaking very platinum Ma Jain, if you are a platinum member listening then you can ask in the comment area whether she is removing your inhibitions slowly or has it removed because this check will come out only then.  Big money will come, I am going to make you all understand a simple thing like maths very carefully and listen to the math very carefully. You can tell a story to 100 people by wearing a ghost type suit and go to a corporate by doing something and earn lakhs of rupees yourself from some great bank people.  If you earn 1 lakh, then brothers and sisters, multiply 100 by lakh and the answer comes to one crore. Okay, now if we reverse it, the answer is also 1 crore. Now you have to see that 1 Lakh Kamana Mushkil Hai 16 ₹ 100 Kamana Mushkil Hai Volume is also a big thing and many times our mother says in this small story, no less is small, there is no dialogue in any picture, it is definitely a good dialogue, no one can stop at this. He is not less small. When no one is less small, it does not mean that you should do all these things. I am not speaking for him by cleaning or sweeping or sweeping. No one is less small. It means that he is less in less. even if there is money and  If its volume is increased then small is less small, no relief other vice I am form delivered is less small I am from believer I had made that video once before when there were less subscriptions on the channel deep love cool video was very much appreciated Oscar Wing  There is no award type, like someone makes those Oscar-winning pictures which are distributed in India, only when they get the Oscar, it is known that it has been made, before that, Apne Prabhu, there was a similar video, okay, then he will get some such award, only then it is known.  It will be okay, Guru ji had made it with a lot of love and no one talks like this, less are small and small less is not necessary all the time, so if you do it all the time, then its less is not smaller than when somebody, its meaning is that if those small ones are small here.  If I am getting ₹ 100 then I can multiply it by more. If I can't then it is less and less and should not be done. I am telling you the thing, today I am not making the complete video, that video, that video, you want that video.  If you make it then I will make it again  Those people who don't know even me, if you can find which channel is there and where, then it is okay to find it, it was in the big mindset that it is okay, if you have not subscribed to the channel, then subscribe, withdraw the money, it will not take you to the story.  Now the plumber comes, he has no shame in speaking, now he fixed the tap like this, ₹ 500 is the maximum for the middle class, 5 minutes is the maximum, so he opened it and took ₹ 500. Hey madam, hey sir, that brother from the story I heard from you yesterday.  He whispered in his ears that yesterday you WhatsApped his address, that motorcycle took 100 rupees worth of petrol, climbed the stairs with great sweat, you did that, you reduced the time by 5 minutes and went by reducing it to 10 minutes, so you took away so much money.  You do n't understand that the amount of study you have done is not money, first of all it is not ₹ 500 for 5 minutes, if it is ₹ 500 for 5 minutes then multiply it by 12.  It will be ₹ 6000, if the plumber will reduce 10 hours then it has become 6000 and the monthly rate has become 18 lakhs, the cap number is 18 lakhs, the work is not working, brothers and sisters, but brothers and sisters, the work is two to 3 lakhs, it is not told in Gurgaon, it is not sexy.  This is because there will be no such marriage in the marriage market. What do plumbers do now? Your brother, sorry, I am an executive. I was investing ₹40,000 in the tank, but in our house.  There is a flat, the rent goes there, father and mother are good, by doing this they are pushing the marriage of boys with difficulty. Earlier, the word used to be heard was to push the girls by giving them something. Nowadays, the condition of boys has become bad in the society. Pushing the parents to get married has been the norm. I have heard the stories, but the sexiest one is the number. Hey brother, you are the one, don't tell both of them, then see what happens, he is drawing blood, reduce the brother's number, you have the reliance. in asking for money  You should open your mouth, you wo n't be told for free, why do you ask for this, only then you do n't feel confident from within, you feel as if you are being chipped, similarly when you start this less business, less business, the economy you got from Inder Sen will be single the day after tomorrow.  Take your personal one, Startup the day after tomorrow and whatever is in English, everyone will like you because you are like this whereas it is not so, India is becoming cloudy, there are many people who give consultation, I am like that.  I don't have time, I don't have stalls, people because that figure out friend, when my life is full, everything is good, I need it, go ahead, take the money, you tell me further, but you middle class hesitate to ask for money, if you ca n't ask for thousand rupees from someone.  You wo n't even ask for anything from me, you won't even ask for tax, then there are many such brothers, you put in the right time and what ever skill set you have, you can do great work so that this sir video doesn't seem like momo jumbo, I liked it like this but I liked it.  If you don't understand any practical thing, please tell me. I have a course of Primal Consultation for that. It costs a lot of a vegetarian pizza. The link for the cost of a big one will be available in the area. Go to the comments and buy it for Rs. 25 to 30 to 40000.  According to me, you can start wishing and if this claim of mine goes wrong then it is only a loss of one pizza. Try your jacket and see, it is very good.  Have tried it and they are very happy. It is a two hour 40 minute video. You will become a medical consultant and it will be of great benefit to you and the world. You can do it for yourself too. Even if you don't want to do it, you should know before marriage.  If you want to know what questions to ask, this is a very good video, please watch it, buy it, consult it and try it, will the things I am telling you be okay because if you eat a little bit of a pizza, you will eat a pizza.  If you eat one pizza, you will know the cost of one pizza. Master shape is Mr. Star 3 Star. Cost of one pizza, buy button, DBA, listen, make notes and it also has a lesson on how to do it, how to market, how to get in touch with people, who are the people.  I will come, you are a housewife, you are retired, you are a professional, anyone can do it as per their wish and it is very easy and probably a certificate is also available in it, I did it like this, the certificate is also kept with me. I personally don't believe in this think otherwise you know something and you don't know idea you can help someone and you can't help otherwise the public is roaming around ok so it is very good join and watch Sher will thank you very match