Hello friends, on this video I need you to go viral in IT, I definitely need your help. Forward it to everyone, please try to write the solution in the comment area, discuss it, crowd sourcing of information and the topic is now a big big problem.  Indian Society is no fencing and I have discovered it till now, there is no video on it, it is ok, absolutely fresh, some topic is being teased on YouTube. Is this a big problem which has already happened, I am seeing a marital counselor today, I am seeing a conflict advisor in the future, I am seeing it in consultation and I am seeing it in the society. Analyze the problem carefully to see what happens.  A pattern of toxicity is being seen where boys are not liking girls, some are talking about girls who are 20-23 years old and have some friends of their own. What is the problem, this was the issue in the West also, now it has come to us that the men in the society who are desirable are the boys, boys, sexy or whatever the desirable ones are, they are limited, mothers are attracting more number of partners and females and I am not afraid of them. Attracting Anybody, Mother, Play Boys, Whoever is in the age group of 20 to 25, 27, 28 years, I am addressing them.  So no one is giving grass to them, they are being given a lot of grass, now those who are being given more grass, they are not going into long term relationships because they are getting a never ending supply type of feeling, so they are going into short term relationships with pleasure sex. D did a short term relationship but that Vansh gave them get in this and Vativer this nine Matka's start bhogni wala is a little less but by now their program would have been spoiled. Programming would have been spoiled.  The girl's name is already there, after spreading so much raita here, now when this lady wala crowd come here, these guys are very buttery or it doesn't work here or pest baggage is a comparison of these girls because these boys you started with.  How did One Ever Disability come about? Because what is that thing? Venus element has flooded. Now I want to learn astrology. Appearance, famine, ability to earn money, richness of father, wealth of assets. The package of all these is very big.  Which is becoming a big reason for the desirability factor of any man. I am not able to see the solution immediately because it is a play of hormones. Now you say in this that girls are saree like this, speaking does not do anything, that solution was found.  No, to the society, to the girls. Yes, here is an advice, a warning or to tell that brother, here you will be treated the same and once you are used and abused.  Okay, after that your choices are less, now the girls have understood the role of parents in the family, that is why this video is being made, tell the children yours and send it to the girls, nothing is done to them.  There is no message saying, Sir, what should we do, there is beauty, there is fragrance, what should we do because she has seen her mother getting rich by marrying an average looking Musaddilal, all her life, yours, yours, yours, yours, yours.  You see here how the next generation is being destroyed by the thinking of the previous generation due to the role of the parents and that is why this video is being made, otherwise who will openly make such videos, what is the point in making this video?  The content creators say, ' Send it to mutual funds, this is the YouTube or Tik Tok type thing going on, sing the songs and dance or look at the blog, I am going here, I am here'  This is what is being created, where is this deep content, this is an open question to the society that brother, you tell me what is the solution, it is very nice of the girl to tell me that she is doing it, I told her the reasoning behind it, what is it, she says that my doing is average. Musaddilal, who married a looking boy, used to perform the Aarti for his parents. She was a poor housewife, she kept pestering me to let me and get formal, talk talk, such a domineering person.  Father is not a domineering person, he still listens to his parents, he is a timid person, so he started hating him because of his personality, now girls will attract him, then these scoundrel boys will call me bullying because I have told you how are the feelings, now they are attracted.  And these other boys whom I mentioned here seem to be of loser type, their salary is Rs. 60 thousand, their appearance is not like this, they also serve their parents. Brother, our parents are ready to complete the task. They say that these boys, who I am telling about the week personality, will reject you after seeing them. I mean to them, take something on the job, I have rejected them, so I don't have any relation with them.  I have to make friends with boys, it's okay, I am a Guruji, so I too attract a lot of them, now these feelings are different in every society, in every city, in every community, in every area, every statement is this.  He is doing very well but now these are the girls who are like this, just say, ' Father, get me married, now it's okay, their caste is caste, it's their caste, they will marry this one, he will come and make some demand from her, she will do something, but now their girls'  Also, my friend said, " Girls, which girl is the one who exists in isolation? Mother, she is also like that. You, father, you will speak as you are, but she will have friends one by one tomorrow, so this too when she came to the wedding."  They say that we were crazy, the element of happiness is missing, bullying is taking place in the society, now according to me, if someone has to be blamed because look, something is happening then someone has taken the film like this.  It is not possible that there is a name in it, I am the one who blames the girls and I am the one who blames these scoundrels. I am the one who blames these scoundrels. Get a grip of the situation which includes me also. I don't belong to you this young.  If the generation is fine, but they can blame them, their values ​​are bad, the values ​​are not bad, after seeing these trampling fairs, the country itself is the bill, you want to try something different because you have made your normal Monday married life so bad that it is a ruined life.  So they are just trying something different, it is not sustainable, it only has excitement, it has dopamine, it has a little keratin, it is all noise, it is like drugs.  There is one and that's why woe is today then what is it now the girl that he happened with this girl now from here then with this then with this this with this this with this all with this this has been programmed in the lions everywhere little lions  This program is happening everywhere in India and after doing this for 456 years, after Raita has spread in his mind, after disfiguring his body in 27 years and 28 years, there is an unwanted pregnancy and sexually transmitted disease and any biological issue and After doing some scandals like this, Guruji comes to my mind and Guru ji had the first time recording, I am telling you otherwise I am the number one clarity, I am singing the pattern, I know the reasons, I know the reasons.  Understand the problem very well, you can tell him a little, but as they say in the blanket template because I am proud of myself and the giving templates, brother gave me the key and felt that the door will open, go date me  I am not able to find but this situation is not available, no, I can't tell you any such knowledge that I said this because of this, now plan them in this, friend, why are the boys not dirty, this has been talked about a lot, what do we say? Whose house do we go to, whom do we invite, if it is happening then it is okay, it is this person's, what should we do, what should we do, everyone's values ​​are bad, values ​​should be such that whatever be your face, what kind of you are.  Whatever be your hygiene, whatever be your way of speaking, whether your mouth stinks, whether the job you have come is not of your type and your demands are on a program with respect, mother, you have to serve you, whatever be the case, should any girl perform aarti in front of you like your father did.  If you remove it then you want it in the default setting, if I am not getting it, then the whole girl will be like this because you are not able to attract a decent partner with your actions, so it is not that it is not their fault either.  Friend, they are poor because this is also a big loser of that time, the consciousness of the boys is awakening, we all have become the leader of all of them too, why are you buying this? Look, this is happiness, what is this marriage, what is this? Came because what is this situation where the elder Guruji does not have a solution, then the younger Guruji, by keeping his beard at a distance, kills himself for some time, wakes up his consciousness, puts in all his might, does advertisements and donates money.  I don't believe in any donation to the South by taking the South, I am not sharing any moments, but there is also a citizen movement because I am a family, mother, no family, you run mine, I am going down so much, I am not Vivek Jagan, I want this. Jagan I want that when the society gets polluted like this then many people become what is called vulture and it is this institution and marriage that is why you are watching my videos, it is in danger because D Best.  What is it in the society that you somehow spoil a woman or a girl, spoil the war and today create hatred between a boy and a girl, then see what were the ways of creating it earlier, see how the country can be destroyed.  So easy, what were there before, we have features, then what they say, we are crackers, okay, we are of religion, so we were of religion before, we are there now and will be in future too, we are just dealing with it, okay then we are theirs. His crackers are of class and are fine.  These are the crackers of your reservation, this is the caste of this caste, then our crackers are the crackers of the rich and the poor, then those of our community, then according to our language, all this was going on, Bhagats were doing it and somehow by making them up, they were making the country.  Now you have taken the biggest crack and now you have taken the crack of gender, so now for this crack, you definitely don't even need the scheme of community's religion, turn man into woman. For whom will you annihilate infrastructure when your essence is in society today? Politicians have to tell this, elections are coming in 2024, they have to tell Modi ji that this is also an issue, brothers and sisters!  This is an issue, I have to tell it to Rahul ji, let's discuss it also, you are busy, give me bread, give me gas, give me that, there will be a lot of discussion on religion, religion, religion picture has just come out, do you know any such thing and on top of that, is this and that?  Ready, leave that friend, discuss this with him, you IT is fencing you your daughter has been going on for years and as many as they are going on, they will keep going on, it doesn't matter to them, the problem is going to happen here, so don't talk about religion which is about religion.  talk about whose  Please talk about this real thing, people say talk about employment, oh that employment is also employment, whatever your struggle is, these boys are taking it, if they are not taking it, then they are making us sing.  If the employee does it, then the girl will come. Brother, do some less work, take some more money for the work, and pay less. If you are not getting it then is this the biggest problem and issue of the society or not? Then please tell me.  Do please share it, please, I have pulled it, whose fault will you tell in your attitude? You did not tell these three things properly, still I feel that girls can be called and these are the butter boys among A and B. Long term relationship.  Are for women should know they should not loss wativer they have date think once the loss date you other tomb they can green to value is absolutely gir jati hai ko only on  Long term relationship I told you earlier but he is visible to you, what kind of a guy is this, red flakes are visible, this handsome man is not singing to you alone, he is singing to ghosts, so the man is intelligent, if he is like that then he is a friend.  Needs you step up accept the problem and my request which you think can be the solution to the situation crowd sourcing of information and knowledge  Is because I am a solution oriented day after tomorrow I am not a day after tomorrow blame it on girls or blame it on boys nothing happens, it is hormone set play, ok alternative choice and solution and fit wheel appeal tu de youth accepted  Right now no one is giving, so everyone has to do whatever they get, okay, so please share this video, thank you very much.