Hello friends, this is going to be a very small topic, subscribe, it will be beneficial, how can you take advantage of it, this Leftover Marination My Job Series runs on that, I tell you about the job, money is running, money is real, I tell you about it. Awareness of state is different, awareness of relationship is different, freedom from job is also different, so in general, if you know the old template then subscribe button, then today I am going to give you information about one such thing, how is it?  You have to use your mind to take advantage of it, tell me how to extract the juice, that is the thing, yes, do solar, do renewable energy and Bhavesh, if you buy shares then you can own its franchise, people can sell goods, leave the chain job, do some work, it is a big opportunity.  I would like to tell you that the incident has developed in four years. The things that I tell you along with Kalushit, you get to know them in the form of articles in three to six months. It is very nice that people say.  Sir, you have written an article, this one, you were telling us these things, if you published it 3 months, six months ago, then many people watch this video, many of my people are connected, special, perfectly fine, it is fine, the lyrics should be someone else's name and write someone else's name.  What is the difference in the festival? Awareness is fine. I tell you that he charts things according to the dates by looking at the astrologers' predictions and then it is fun to do other things too because he can transfer one thing to another place and today I  I am telling you that in the next four years, I do not think that there will be any rooftop in India where there will not be solar panels, that in Chandigarh the local administration has said that give your roof, we will install it, we will not even pay you to take it from you and you  One and a half rupee unit will be reverse melted, this money will be taken less, then if the unit is worth one rupee then there will be a charge of ₹ 500, so I guess, what a good thing is happening and I want you to see which company is in the share market. which is in  Please answer which Tata, there is no company, so the syllabus is telling, it is not a recommendation, brother, buy it and take this, you have to use your mind, but the things related to power lines are fine, I want to tell you one more thing, read it, I told you this.  Many people are interested, the video I have made is a commercial one and let me give you a hint, today I am in a mood, there will be some topic in this and these will be the leaders in it, do not buy any kind of commercial in Gurgaon, please do it gently and tell me. Why am I here because in the next six months I alone will spread the awareness so much that yes then things will not go to that level. Last time when I did this and I had told, I had told the timeline that in this recording Madhavan Construction, many people have seen that thing.  I did not understand it at that time but gradually understood it. Big videos. I tried to explain it to some people even after switching off the mike, but the idea came to my mind at that time. The topic of my house is farming, solar energy and mansion, when this Tarzan.  There is a change in this, there is a lot of opportunity to earn money, so like I am telling about solar, there is a lot of opportunity, Google it, how can you earn money, from where you can take franchise, you can do it from here, there is a blue option, a lot of money will be earned in this, from 4  Whoever has entered for 5 years at any level and is employed in mill grinding, if the poor guy cannot understand anything, then brother can also buy shares and other things can be bought like his Delhi jeans.  And put your mind and that I was stuck in the middle Invest You know something Invest Infrastructure Investment Trust Okay, want something on that How many 36 per cent animal do you want The ghost of a commercial will go out of your mind Want in detail on commercial existence So I will tell you this list commercial belt commercial sea list commercial delete commercial garbage commercial and what else is happening, the story of many such plots, such plants too. Take this upload by ear, there are not so many normal plots coming in Gurgaon that more SDOPs will return in the next one year than the number of normal plots coming, so if a residential plot of Songs comes in Gurgaon then I will return an issue of Rs 105, I am an example of quantity.  If I am telling you from this then you are intelligent, but my subscription is on the side of genius, it is okay and a hint is enough for an intelligent person, so if this  In a small video, I gave you hands, on which you are curious, please write on the comment section, a detailed video will come on that, okay, a little like this, today I was feeling good sitting on this new chair, so I would have made a video of my porter. I am on this, this is a mix and match video for the people, where whatever you have understood, take advantage of it and in whatever you want to understand more benefit, tell this one, tell that one, I will tell you and Ramdev ji. As he said, all these  What are cold drinks? It was openly explained in the same way in the Gurgaon commercial that you should not buy it and you have to buy it from within, so I have already written about the method in a video, I will show you alternative sources and I will show you better chances.  I will complete the awareness, now again we will talk about RS Commercial and then who will take it, someone has to take it, it will run in the city, commercial will run in the city, we have got the contract for it, it will be enough to take it.  We hope we will go there, the one from the zone will move, he will enjoy, the other one will move and stop, we will avoid him, then someone else will move, he will go, then if there is something wrong with him, then P will go to the first one, he will go to someone else. Otherwise we will go small, when it is running well, it is running fine, we need air conditioning in summer, see for yourself, this is only in Play Store, who will rotate it in summer, you also understand, there is heat for six months, there is stone and stone rain for two months, there is only TV and  3 months of winter, who is there? Brothers and sisters, do you like this commercial, please tell me in the comment section by writing a mix and match video, it was okay to give an es and where did you like this site more, please tell me, share and you will also get more videos on it. You will get complete detailing, thank you.