Hello friends I do predictions as a living but not only astrology other wise also so I am going to do this prediction of rents and property prices have done many before and they have turn out to be true let's see if it turns out to be true  And no one is talking about 3 years or 10 years, I am talking about three months, I will also tell you the logic, you just have to observe that today when this  If a video is being made, will this thing work out or not, then make a prediction of Rs. 10 to 15 per cent, whatever rents are going on in India, note down in big cities, in big cities, the percentage is in the same ratio in small cities also. Speaking of which, note down everywhere, you will see the increase from 10th to 15th from 1st February, it will keep happening from 1st February and that thing will become 100% by 1st April. We will tell him why these dates are important and explain to him that.  What is happening? No, it has nothing to do with the elections. What is the importance of the dates of 1st February and 1st April? You will feel the jump on 1st February at 5 and it will be visible at 10 to 15. On 1st April, its logic is yes. Your DA will cross 50 from 1st January and as soon as DA crosses 50, the same is the HRA of government employees which they are now getting at 27.  If he will jump at the salary of 30, then if I explain it to him under the example, if there is a government officer whose service, let's say, is around 25 years and is in Group A, then his basic pay is around Rs. 2 lakh, if his estimate is a rough estimate. According to the calculation, if he earns Rs 2 lakh, now he gets 54000 HRA, if he lives in a big city, at the age of 27, it will jump to Rs 60000. This jump of 6000 is 6 out of 54. If you put 6 out of 54 then it is ok, 1 comes or 3 out of 27, it comes from 27 to 30, then this is approximately your jump of 11, 12. This market is recognized by all. Gradually because it will be pan India and it will also be inflationary, it will make a difference on inflation too. Okay, so I have told this earlier and the normal ones.  If it doesn't increase, then they know that now it will increase, so watch it yourself, anyway, don't take such a satanic meaning in this video, why did you tell this, I told you that 10 crore people have not watched the video, anyway, my subscribers.  If you want to see, it is always a jump as the rent increases, then that great rental yield which is there remains the same, doesn't it? What everyone explains is that the financial influence will remain the same for the same reason and the rent.  Will it increase or not? If the property will also increase, then the property rates will also increase. This is a clear cut because if you look at the government man, commission will definitely be due and I don't have to come to different sites, if they commission me like this, then something.  It has started appearing that the old brother of the people is knowing according to the government, first the announcement was made and other wise, according to me, the 8th Pay Commission will not come, only the Accord formula will be implemented, 100% DA will never be crossed.  Have people ever seen this one thing and I want to tell you, okay, if the government people also want to listen, then it will be fun. Okay, and those who are not, they should also listen because it affects them too. Wages are still government wages and  Tankha is still a benchmark in the industry, those who pay are going to be close to 8 years, IOA for pay commission will be done on 1st January and DA also came at 50, last time it never used to be like this, otherwise you have always seen it.  It has been seen that when the commission used to be for 10 years, then the figure of 100 would increase the DA, so is there something in the calculation, is there something in the game AI number or has the government itself thought that or the government people have become very worried now?  Don't increase the tension further because in other private sector the tension does not increase so much. There is a separate video on this too. By the way, this is a very good phenomenon which I have understood very well and I want to tell you all.  That rent is very realistic, property prices are speculative, wherever you go, you will say that mine is worth Rs 1.5 crore, some are worth two, they are worth as much as they will sell for, but you can check the rent easily. Hello to anyone by knocking, ji, I wanted to take it on rent. How much rent do you give? Can someone tell me the rent or is someone roaming in the park in some society? The rent for 3 BH is Rs. Rent is a real thing, it can be known like share market price, property price is speculative, fell by 10 lakhs, increased by 15 lakhs, increased by 20 lakhs, the rate is increased but it is not being sold, the price is Rs. 2 crores but there are buyers even in Rs. 1.8 lakhs.  No, but the price has been mentioned as two. These things come in the price of the property but not in the rent but are linked to the rent. The price of the property that you should also know when ever the Rents will rise for what ever reason they will rise property price has to rise soon and later that happens with lag then we will know the AICPA number from December 30th on January 31st so that date is first February for the intelligent people to actually see  That it has not crossed 50, I believe it will cross 50, whatever data analysis and study I have, I believe that 1st  DA will cross 50 in January but it will be confirmed only on the first of February because there is a delay of one month in getting that figure and the government announces in March that it has increased so much and then the world will know about it in April.  Only on the first of April will it make any difference to the rent or whatever money will come, only other people will also do the same, so you people should keep this thing in mind in your decision making and in the coming time, it has to increase again on 4th level.  The government will again show the bonanza, it got the bonanza, the government employees do not understand it, the government employees know that it is not a bonanza, it is linked to the AICPA number and DA, no one can increase or decrease it even if they want, it is the terms of condition. It's like in a private company, an employer gives money and someone gives it by making a bonanza, but he is not giving it to him, here someone is linked to the SC pay number.  It is not that the government is giving a bonanza and the previous one did not give it. Well, it is linked to inflation and outsiders will get burnt like this. They do not do any government work, they are getting money from nothing and now it is like Diwali is coming. And if it will be announced, then friend, you all should know what it is, it increases only at 3, increment has to be given at 3, whether it is donkeys, horses or lame horses, whether it is lame donkey, it will be given only at 3.  You are fine and everyone's DA has to increase and that banja punj is nothing, think about what is happening to you and it is related to inflation, so when HRA will be increased at 30, it does not mean that the government employee will keep HRA in his pocket.  So the whole landlord has to suck and it is always seen that whenever the commission is being paid, you always have to pay the rent from your pocket first. If you feel that according to your status and status, 3  If you live in BHK then you will have to move to 2.5 BHK. If you want to live as per your HRA towards the end of pay commission or you will have to pay Rs 45000 from your own pocket. This has been the trend since 1996 2006 200 16 Pay commission is always there.  Bean the trend is fine, I have studied this market very well for 40 years, so why would  It will not be the trend in 2026 2026 When it will be 10 years from 2016 to 2026 and then the DA will probably be sitting at 70 but according to me it is fine then you will have to pay the rent from your pocket. This will be given to government employees in whatever form they can get.  If it has been this tragedy, I see a lot of real estate booming. The pan of real estate will not start cooling till 2028-29. We are in  Up bull cycle in real estate pan India and the cycle last 8 to nine years, it has been one or two and a half years since it started, now realization is coming to the people and many people will change their tune to you in real estate and they are very like this.  It is real estate influence which mutual funds say is mutual but they themselves buy real estate. Which one is it? Please write that in the comment section. It is okay and good thing is that speaking.  It's okay that we do this because I like, it should be simple that I say it, I do it, the rest is your choice, whatever you want to see, okay, it's a big thing, this jump is a big thing, okay. And share this video and like it. If you have not subscribed yet then please subscribe. Thank you very much.