That Hello friends, today's topic is Investment Mistake in the Younger Generation which is between early twenties and 36 and how it can be awarded. If you are in Delhi then share this thing with your children, many youngsters who are employed.  Or money has come, isn't this youth? Set up a process without your parents' money. Make a pencil paste without your life. Invest your own money in different asset classes. The best option is yours. If you have not shattered these basics by doing something, if you have taken health insurance, you have taken life insurance, you can take it home, you have not taken it and you are engaged in cryptocurrency.  Starting from means starting the batting is your kindness laughing or are you engaged in playing feature options? These many demats are open for the last one and a half year due to caveats in the court. Those who have been sitting at home. Youngsters are so new Abhimannu has come, he will not come out of this maze, it seems that he will get out, initial victory seems to be heard, not process, subscribe, water comes out from any tap in your house and the water tank is coming regularly, subscribe, then you can easily.  So you don't have any tension, you can wash your hair, you can water the garden, but the water of life and coming is the list of the doggie loot so people get cash withdrawal monthly basis. With a good business, my acquaintances are in Delhi, Admit my YouTube YouTube skin, if they have some mercy, they also watch my videos. I join from Next 9 News Room. The channel should also not be recruited. Must subscribe. Subscribe to my channel. Zone-1 If you have to come from every month, then even after every month, you will see that channel, there should be nothing in the tag, I will tell you the units pipe on return is a very good concept to get you people out of this thing and I will also tell you that Jodi  Pass is how to press it. This is the invested minute that we take. There is a saying that this wrong thing happens in front of the eggs. Subscribe to strange people. People get it in two-three years but subscribe our YouTube Channel. And subscirbe Government will make money subscribe quick results when this creates setting setting setting it seems boring but if you want to stay then you do bungee jumping now school na aapko  If you want the market then subscribe and subscribe the Video then subscribe to [Music] the Page if you liked The people are all engaged, the rates have increased, yes, that woman can't do it. If she came from behind and will stay, then don't download all the food. Vice and not giving proper subscribe To My eyes page subscribe to 9 votes different from that will be discussed also also want to win that cord consistently but if you can keep winning fuel stock tips place  Not Continue Sattu Bhai This Video Is Improved Dear Sir To My How Is This Second Movie After That There Is A Movie Coming Which Will Explain The Concept Of Cancel Your Property Paper Property You People Must Watch This Video How Did You Like It Don't Subscribe Till Now I am returning to you from some place Raghavan and you are not able to sleep and have put your core at stake in the matter of 18 cents. He will have full chances. So by adding that thing like this, you will see. How much is United Spirits on Red Lips for me because the one who is getting together can I call? Many people will say that Warren Buffett also trains or Rakesh Jhunjhunwala does trading. Subscribe Parliamentary Forum Bharte Khoon Attraction wala you want you are.  And Varun Bus Hai Sak Proper Insurance Company Boxer Hath Ring Uska Paisa Lagta Hai People Put By Which They Profitable Businesses Of No Entry Zone Wise In The Making His 98100 Reading an incident telling Tom and the experience with information among elders then we give you presentation subscribe this company of ours I came into this we are going to plan this this story will be like this please video invest 3365 soldier dutyable like this main us  Tells us what is happening, just someone tells us 22 salaries are lost, then that man went to these people and told all the  CEOs subscribe and ask questions, whether their exit makes a difference to the value of the company, whether their entry makes a difference to the company's rally, that Bigg Boss is back in Bindh m.a. A B Happy Satire Prose In The Water Wealth Even The Video then subscribe to The One More Than Phir Jitan Bhi Baccha 80 90 Poore And You Will Be Id subscribe and subscirbe Sustainability ki aapko dekhna ke liye apna roti kapda makan hai subscribe biwi ka naam Subscribe to Cover the process Khatron Ke Khiladi wala foreign First to do the result First investment in the gym My first salary Cryptocurrency Vote for this thing Do Amazing A representative in cryptocurrency circles but for that it is half but SIM level which people are not getting into middle company and subscribe and every time you do subscribe you get loss in that for that you should not subscribe in the market.  Be Lad Strict In This Form And Systems And Specific If I Am Very Intelligent I Will Earn Money In Stock Market You Will Earn Money In Stock Market  One does not have to be intelligent to earn because if the intelligence was correct then all the 19 friends who have degrees, as many chartered accountants, as many commerce people, who have been grinded in the mixer, would have been from this herb school only, but it is not so that one can earn money.  The biggest thing needed is that you cannot earn money just by having knowledge and Lakshmi, because if you know, in Sanatan Dharma, our Golu was with Lakshmi and Saraswati ji in Hinduism.  Molu Prabhat Dear God, your daily life is also worshiped, why is it kept Saraswati Knowledge Lakshmi ji Lakshmi [Music] Appointed Appointed, you need their patience Subscribe Appointed means highway, any thing needs things in it, such ghee long long term Appointed person will leave but not go for 6 months. Second united entry, keep giving liquid, half subscribe the entry and then after how much trouble he faces in filing the return.  If you subscribe, then this is my message to you guys. Now my request is that you want that subscription, how do you people have to set it up, fill it in the subscribe water in 10 minutes, water is also coming in the tank, but that is coming.  And his age is increasing. You are subscribed level that yes now I also stop my dog that I have to do this I have set the process in place please set the process in place  There is no benefit or incentive for anyone else for this, so those things are not told, everyone comes in such a condition and says, brother, this thing is very good, it will become like this, if it becomes like this, then people take it in isolation. Sitting but trying to reach somewhere because a little is invested in a mutual fund, a little crippling with food shares, keep it in a small shop, then you have taken small plots at different places, you have used that money to reach an inflection point. Critical meat is that you did not sour it, you kept doing the same thing with every person who came, buying gold at the event, someone Shiv Verma also took some gold at any time because you took the biscuit, are you ever going to take it if I am the festival of many people.  Let me write 5065 boxes from here, take them separately and in each of them, turn off their meaning. Investment is to get a lottery ticket near. This is to get a lottery ticket from people within half a minute. These investments of 800 different companies say lottery ticket Mahalakshmi Prasanna If you want to buy a lottery ticket then I will tell you these things Will be amazed at all but I will not Subscribe Like the video Share Subscribe the channel