Hello friends, welcome to family series video number 8, in video number 7, I had discussed the topic that parents do not listen to us, in that I had promised that if people want to study, then through custody, I will give the best explanation which will be of my concern.  There will be only one study, there will be takeaways in it, so till the end you will listen to the topic, the limit will be only what the children say, 3021 that our parents do not listen to us, where they listen.  There are many contentions regarding this property, there are many states in it, there is a little bit of emotion, there is a little bit of ignorance mixed in, there is a little bit of real science and there is a lot more in it, you have to understand that I have changed the name a little bit, I have not taken any reference, the content situation is exactly the same.  So let's discuss the family. Father 5960 Harold is sixty years old and just about retired from the government.  He was in Group C, reached Seashore just a little before retirement, retired, so not many such people are normal like middle class people, middle class people are like this, but their father was also in a similar government institution and these people started working in Delhi.  One lesson, one lesson, you can plant it in Pritampura, you can plant it at any one place. Jamun had taken a plot of his own for 2008 rupees, for which he had taken a plot of Rs. 200. Okay, there father said that this will be discussed by the children now. His grandfather and our father, who is retired sixty years old, had taken it many years ago and did the same and The Field of Years, first it was two rooms, three rooms, then the child got married, as if they were brothers and sisters, this one who is retired.  If it is happening then only he got the full amount, his sister did not get anything, now he has two sons, one is 3201 who is married and has a two-three year old child and the other is a younger one whose  Recently, I was married before coming to concentration. 45 years ago, I had a house. You can see what kind of house it was. The house was around 225 yards in size. At one time, I made two rooms and then gradually as the family grew, it became three or four rooms.  After becoming a guru, it completely spread below, after that, when the family grew further, two rooms were made above, then it spread a little bit, after that their children, first the boy got married, first the girl got married, then the elder boy.  before that up day room time  Today existence is from two and half stories to end stories, but such people do not have much patience and structure, they are very robbers, suction cannot make more structure than this, nor can it make more than this, it is okay, then in this  Now the situation of these people was that the new boy got married and the younger boy is now his daughter-in-law and she is not married because they have a child, so they are living on the ground floor with father and mother.  The elder one and the middle one have gone on rent, their rent is Rs. 25000, so their rent is Pensioners Limited and that rent is at the shopping less 9th situation. The one who is the daughter-in-law, is very comfortable with confidence than any of the Munis.  There is that pressure on the floor, the elder one, the younger one who lives above, also climbs two stairs and he also has something small built like one and a half room and nothing very. Fancy about it is ok so in that situation now the person on the first floor cannot ask for rent that comes from the crops, he will pay rent to the person on the upper floor, if he lives on the first floor then there will be some special rent on the person on the upper floor, otherwise he still goes somewhere better.  The elder one also wants to go and those who are retired now want this itch, it was written that the neighbor hood is like this story, there is a problem of car parking, some tapes etc. have not been made by these people, okay, the tenant's car is also parked.  He also has a son, elder son and younger son also have apps, small and big, we have decided this, we have to sell the children, both the boys are given to shift to Gurgaon in very good flight, it is fine and in their budget.  If we sell it completely, it will be seen at the rate of the power plant because the builder will demolish the existing structure and make steel plus 4G. On its side, the utility will be visible, but the rates of the plot are so high that by selling it, we will get three rupees in Gurgaon. Proper 3BHK will come in a very good society where the rates are very good. Okay, now we will discuss about the exempted goods. But given like about two years, okay, if it is above 2cr, then these children want that I should get one, I should get it and  One, my father, you will put me first and we should live lovingly in the same society, like we are living here, it belongs to the children, now the father is not agreeing, later the father is saying no, we will take it in Kirtinagar.  And we will keep making it there or by making it there, by doing it like this, that means basically it is not agri, it is okay, it is not Gurgaon, only it should be, it is not a daughter-in-law, it is not a town, road link, it gets typed, it is like above, the word milk, want to, both are declared.  I did not know about both the boys and the women in the house. Father must have been involved in it. Okay, so this was a kissing situation, so I will tell it now. To every home, write in the comment section if you are like this.  The situation is going to be like this very soon, the reason for father's not doing it was simple, he should have told his children on the set and finally you will hear how I set this thing up, now the reason was father's.  Had earned from rent plus it was in father's name so father had a controller even though father had got it through inheritance. Father took the plot but in it whatever construction has been done in life and you know in the construction. You people will also know that 40 years ago, 35 years ago, there was a lot of expenditure, the plots were not that great, a lot of expenditure was also incurred in the construction, so a very major part of his salary has been going on, his savings also have been made two rooms behind. Sometimes he made the above rent, sometimes he made this, sometimes he added that, a lot of his money was invested in it, advance was not very comfortable with him, pension, widow pension and retirement plus are soft. I thought in my mind that Namaste's property also belongs to his father and the rest is not compatible. When I talked to him separately, I got the confirmation that it is okay. I thought in my mind that I am not compatible. So she is not able to give it to her children that brother, what will happen to the rent of ₹ 3000 that I rented, it got destroyed in the 3BHK in my house, so I got hold of one of mine, so now logically Boss 10  Science and Bittu are happy to give money to father phase and stir with 15000 This mark is 1.82 Okay, so who asks for this, there is shame in asking On top of that, even the ghee of authority, if any name and fame was given, then I used it in solution. In this, I have told the children from my husband that this is their father's, he will invest in this way and will remain the same, then it is like brother-in-law taken back, I don't know to whom it is by mistake.  If he didn't go then he would spoil everything because he was thinking that brother, people don't think it is normal that if he takes concentration then he will have to take some stuff, then by producing like it is okay, okay but in the consultation and the cockroach Prashant Kishore  If we do then let's see whether Mamata Banerjee is sitting, first Amit ji was sitting Professional Consultancy Subscribe to Rahul Gandhi, whatever you use it, subscribe to the next one, everyone should feel that I When it was told to the children that nothing will happen to you, they will take all three, then they thought that this is fine, after that I told the father that I have completed it, it was grandfather's right, anger is secret and you did not kill, it is fine and this  They do n't have a lot of children but people will take them from the mine for ideas, the salary is fine, the daughters-in-law are also working, it is fine and the children are also working, by the way, on a salary of 45 lakhs, it is different, as is the case with the middle class.  If it was theirs, I have never got it, I can't take it, now do the captcha, father's problem has to be solved, children's problem has to be solved too, the family has to live together, I said, so I got a proposal to keep a batter, so I said that  Whatever you buy, you will sell it and fulfill your tension. I will give it to these two also, you will give 25 to 40 cents depending on this faith and requirement of yours and you child.  Go back, withdraw your ten fifteen percent from your savings and get forty to fifty percent and get your income tax rebate. Give income tax rebate to your wife and if you sell 50% of the remaining capital then that fifty percent capital will be converted from that fifty percent capital.  For the remaining, I got them multiple 34 small and big portfolios as per their requirement, now that too will come to the children later, okay and I got that too in such a way that I told him to be a joint member too.  You have to take part in a venture where your income is 50%-70% and the child also has 2030% interest in it too. I have taken his heart in it and I have done the same for your inheritance. There will be only one suicide in you, just like you have taken it for investment somewhere else.  Have taken two, the same father has taken it with one brother or Madhur has taken it with another brother and their percentages are your own decide, keep it low, definitely keep the children's because it is very easy to transfer. After death, when you keep 10-20% of the children, then they will be interested in collecting the rent, in maintaining it, in seeing it, they will have a lot of interest in appearance, this is why we do not take property in the exam, this is what we are now, after 1665, we will be old, we can manage ourselves.  It will not happen. Hey, I have not done this case. Then put your daughter-in-law's name in the middle. Or put your son's name in the middle. Put someone's name, he will do it on his own. He has a share, right?  Give him incentive and also fry him, so if your rent is ₹ 3000, then give ₹ 5000 rent to your child. Say 22, it was mine, be yours, be happy, I spent it, save the growth of the family, it is within this that you are settled. I told them that brother you  So the rent was getting there 27 28 Third If Inter Situation Can Be Created Key You Still Get Rent From Whose Investment Classification Stop Okay So  50 Your rent has increased from 253 to 50. Your property or five will be there, three will be where you are and two of yours, two or three will not be yours. If I am breaking down their rents of 34 and telling them, then your properties have increased. 5 6  7 And I did that also, I got your solution that the thing has to be sold, you do agriculture, then from this thing I told them, they understood the big thing, now till the last minute, how much to do and also share it with the child.  Give 10% of the property, you decide it within 15 days, you have to take a loan of 50%, take 40%, sit and decide the club, 5% will be jointly owned by both the sons, absolutely equal and absolutely close, they again took those lights S2 of both the sons.  Later you will understand that it is absolutely justified, because ultimately the point is that Kirti was going to be stuck in Nagar and Ball 16 was going to leave that kind of frills and other frills behind.  As soon as you come out, you get trapped by the person standing on the road and you cannot even work for 2 minutes. The car coming out is moving, the motorcyclist will do the program at such a place, so I showed interest that brother, it is okay, the parents also got the address, the children are worried.  I also got something. Everyone felt that they did something because once I gave a shock to both of my love children that you will not get anything, even if you adopt batting, I also told them under water birthday cord very happy in Chennai. Those who were retired, you also have the right to give something, you have to give it only after you have done everything, nothing can be given without so much fuss because you will get the pleasure of leaving a little with your own hands, so there is a lot of it in the first place. Sitting in the family, today I told you specifically that you do not need to take tension, if there are such missions in your family that I feel that you do not know what you will do to me, these are my own children, do not worry that you will get everything.  go that  Also, if your father has ₹ 500, then he will keep 3333 with himself. If father 's ₹ 500, then keep it with yourself, do 10, then give 10. If such a transaction takes place, then one generation after generation has earned money in it, grandfather in it.  I also folded it along with him, father also did not sell it first, he folded it and invested it in it, he worked hard, then father should also think that I too have earned everything, this is not mine, I also have a say in this. My father had inherited it, so if the life expectancy is increasing which is a good thing in the country, then earlier if people used to get inheritance but in 30-35 years, now they will get that inheritance due to which 5560 out of 5560 people are getting inheritance.  If he is getting it at the age of one year, then he likes it, he does not have any family, so in this, he is getting old, start leaving him a little at 65.  For your family, if you have bought this car but we are getting the property in a joint venture, we are fine in which they will also take care of that property, then Idris no, we have a special template which can read following all the family if the thing is worth ₹ 100.  It is your sale which was a cancer hospital, Meena Facebook, yours is also completely quiet, happy, Dada ji did not spend even ₹ 1, so that too is like a man like 'Shot to Give', he comes after retirement, right? Every person gets money after retirement. Definitely check peon retired, above that some retired then top officers retired, everyone gets money, so if you come after retirement in the morning, if you get ₹ 100 in that retirement, then out of ₹ 100, give it to your children.  We should not add up to giving a gift of five ₹ 10 rupees because that was also the lesson of your journey, that too was a part of your struggles. You gave us clothes, took a pen and sent them to school.  We will walk with whatever food you feed us, if we feed you, then Deol side effects, if that journey was not yours alone, we should do this many times, parents, I have been working for 30 years, I happened to be in this, the children were also with you, you also supported them in thinking.  The thing is, this is the same 60's link text give into chala shaheen actor know that when life has to leave us porn gradually, it is not like that ₹ 15 will suddenly be left from you, if the brightness will be less then you will have as soon as  is and  I take a little bit of middle class, I am not talking about such an audience where there are many poor people, children who are alcoholics, people who are drug addicts and if you give them money, then you will wear your clothes, I am not talking about them, it is relative, we make videos.  This is the active phase, their work is normal for every family, it was the same, so how did you like this study, how did you like my solution, this template can be followed, do you want more such case studies?  There are different situations of marriage or property distribution or it is left from someone else because studies are successful in getting results. At one or two places this template is in Lord of Consultations today one of them in this video sir reduce. Consultations Sexual society will come to know that only this can follow you, do it like this, you will find very simple solutions like this, integration in this  Depression and there will be no court-related attention and worry, it will seem simple and everyone in the family understands each other a little but if we talk and take little by little then life becomes better with it. If you liked this video then please.  Share it with your family, share it with your friends, because as many people see this contest and implement it in the society, you should also establish it, others also do it, everyone says ok, if it is a good idea then you take one for yourself. can  I am giving a template, increase it a little - don't give 20%, take 15, give vision by combining both or give 30, it is up to you, but bring such an idea, that is my job and CID, how did you like it? Comment section.  Write me ok thank you