Jhal Mein Ruke The Topic Is Derived From In The Spring Of Which Have Pledged To Vote In China And No I See Dot Pinup Ingrossed In India And It's A Real Estate Market Par Kya Farf Padga And Will Tell What Is Not Been Nominated Sir Very Interesting Topic  And All The People During It's Difficult 100 School Video's Broken Gates And Take Care Taker Piece Is Okay  So what happened in China, one child policy was there in China for many years. It started after that, what happened in that policy, those children neither had an uncle nor a name, many relationships will end because if you have only one child and  As they are growing up, the relationship is no longer bad, okay, so they had to move away from it, within 1 minute it happened that even two normal children used to do it, which is a male-dominated job, like the boy one, in Indian North India.  Desire Cassette Jhal in Renault India If it will be the first daughter then people should still try to have a second son, the first son is already there, the child is not his because he has been wanting a son, there is complete research and data on Edifice, China is complete here.  I will do extra flat in India It is my contribution and Guntur liquidated up with real estate in India Know what happened historically on people Incentive is to have sons  In this apart of the world well this is one example Indian Mother India especially in the temple girls were considered a liability because girls have to give dowry in marriage, if they have to spend money in marriage then strong faith is trained till faith and the sex ratio in India is this. Line phati abstinence so it is peri bed sex ratio up I will explain to you house and many years ago a hundred years ago in India to sex ratio that  After independence and when we are quite well, the situation has also become fine. Sudhir is not reading this. Ignoring in the prosperity and obscene will be ID the section shift, we know and win more than your men, everyone knows so section suit actually.  B team is male foreign male less but if we look at the nature then if there are 1000 men then there should be 1050 women then it wins but still if it is less then it means it has no  Unrighteousness can't happen, female feticide is the best creation, the cults of India that are the most hissing towers are Punjab, Haryana and Delhi, even today if your sex ratio is quite bad, don't know what happened in China and what is happening in India.  Now the girl's parents in China say that we will marry a boy who will have his own house. It doesn't happen due to understand this thing pair.  For beautiful people, this thing is coming to China in panic. It will come to India in the next five years. Why has n't it come yet? I will tell you the same with interest. What happens in China? If it is a boy of good age, then he will get 14 rupees compared to a 25 year old girl.  A 30 year old man marries a 30 year old girl, this is a system, so he is an attentive same group, so like the festival in 1994 and we girls are born less and there are more girls. So when 194 came in the marriage market in 2022, she should get married in the same grouping and this girl, girls are less now, girls are less now, so the girl Buddhists have a wide lace, with which boy should we develop, we boys are now in the market.  Confined girls Vikas are getting married in the same group, the same chord group is spoken by ticking the same h.or, the court group, you want a zero, okay, so now the boys in it have been forced.  Now buy property in the name of the person and I want him to get married. Now this irritation is very high because that thought process was that girls are liability and boys are very acid. I do n't know what service the girl will do. Will the girl stay with us?  She will come to the house and we all will take this last look at how she will play from house to house. If he could not find it, then he would not be able to get it in real estate in China very fast sentences. What happened? That is a different kind of topic. But this story please don't be very easy in this way you can just Google Google definition payment G Nobel Laureate he has a very big research paper on this right this is the one from China now I am living science coming to India name is right this is the marriage in India Today's market of boy-girl given people have been born late to between 1992, we will carry 297. Okay, so if  In 1972 and 1977, the sex ratio was a specific one, they used to get the texture, the law was not there, the government was not so speedy, the quality was the policy, the society was that kind of thing, innocent children are coming, so the boys are there, the girls go on the waist, what happens in India. In India, the girl is 46 years old, if everyone is confirmed to get married, then you can see so much panic even now, if the show is about a 27 year old girl, her twenty-seven year old daughter is getting married to her. 26 people can do it, now in this it can go up to 25 25 22423 22, you will see India's in it, you people are still ours, please see those who are married and so women, today I will give it one year.  It's been 3 years, 4-5 years, you are still getting married easily and if you keep it up, then as people are now asking for more, these girls will be available less now in all these times. Girls guys or are you coming already? After this recording we will discuss that if I have hired someone's SDPO from the office then he can write a piece that you will have to find and buy the house. The guys will feel bad after showing me the house.  I also know that there is a lot of audio, I am coming from Haryana, Punjab, Delhi, I know that Advocate, this is wrong, this is what happens to you, when the situation which is going wrong in the society for thousands of years, then after reporting, this is what happens now, you boy.  Those who want the girl to be their son  The liability started appearing, these notices were given, it is not great, witch will all player tentative list, the one who has given separately in the name of his son, his daughter's wedding salary is Shaktipeeth ₹ 40, only girls are doing jobs, so add new if found.  And spend zero on the marriage and the girl did 40,000 rupees, the boy also told 40 rupees and did not pay the house rent, he got the house, did not even live in the auditorium and married.  But if there is no control, then both of them can be seen very beautiful in the festival because they don't have anything to do, he has given them a right as a gift in the wedding, he gives them zero in the wedding, even when I call, he arranges for a flight, but the boy says that by spending some money on you, you  The girls should do it, let's give a little car to every house, the best can be done in every house, the boy should also give a little money, the girl should also give a little money, a little while, a little boy, first take a little girl, I have already crossed the house.  you need a road road road Nahi hai Contra Voucher will run from Idhar Bhi to Dependent and Between Spectrum Society and Amitabh Bachchan at Honey Airport to Dushwar of Ladki and Ladki Wala Stupa to Independence Day in From The Kash This Hi Animated Plane Got Very Very Rapidly Facebook Those people will return to jail  We can live, it will not happen, we will meet a boy who lives in our house, we can live with many people, we are alone, it is certain that the poor mother will remain, hey.  A girl's mother is a king for you. Many girls' mothers are kept for adoption. Is the value of moral marks less in the Indian society? Does the society know the value of a boy's mother? You tell me why the demand for a boy is higher than that of an Indian.  If the girl's mother is above or equal or should be below or equal then tomorrow the boy's mother should be taken care of because if it is for career then who will take care of the girl's mother because that too for consideration so should the girl's mother tell you about your  should be kept close and to the girl's mother  If you want the quality of your life, you live in a two-room flat, husband and wife, you keep your mother and you keep his aunt, because the poor girl does not have both and if the reverse happens, the boy's father is also saved and the girl's. If mother survives, you will make her Kapil. I found it even a little interesting. Tell me about the attractive reality. How will you keep her, brother? You will have to keep her around you, inside a two-room house, your privacy is your wife's, wear some clothes.  Do you want to fight sometimes? Do you also want to live in a different way? This is the account holder couple with your hand and stay with PM 1 comment inside couple beach Twitter powder couple nice inside wall you live in our house live in us live in ours Now according to the rules, if you live in my house, then go to your maternal uncle, go to your aunt, go to your aunt, go to her wedding, go there, do this, you live in my house, he doesn't want to hear this, yes, right now he wants to hear from you.  Will withdraw the money with love Will get a separate house on my own Will get it by blackmailing How will I click He would like to stay away from you That dates means separately Till my own is the best thing of my channel He says please all the family wake up please State Weather Near About In The Same Color So Please Play Near May Be Drunk Society Snowden's Sim Society In 10m Sector 63 Noida Sector 8 to 10 minutes City Priest Draft Because Need  So, parents will need children and children will also need parents. If you want to get a job in sugar then you will need courage and you will need the girl's mother, why who will look after the children and there will be no one to provide for them?  If you sit at home and sit at home, you will not get money, if it comes less, then your running yoga and meditation yoga, then the first tip for your height is that you should take 25 years of age to raise a child, clearly a small point from there.  9th 6 7 8 year old child's deposit increases in 2 years, the child does not keep anything in a year, does all his work, starts studying, his difference keeps decreasing, then in a short period if you  If it is helpful for your parents and if it is favorable for your parents, then you can go to Paris in such a relaxed manner that you can help your children and themselves a lot from the age of 5253 to the age of 65.  Help is not getting spoiled but I see that you cannot do it, many people do not do it, then your old age of 65 to 85 will be spoiled because you neither got their names nor helped them in giving them properties nor did anything else. I am on one page.  I am seeing that they are very cold and have many children. They are thinking that our Baba will stop, sell the property, switch on the lights of his house, then why are they sitting in Punjabi Bagh with songs, which will cost them 5178 slaps and start their life. They just do the daughter tune tune family have a situation where the next generation in waiting team India in the joint alien life in this test speech you are not understanding this image of real estate back the younger generation once an independent and dare not ask  For something activated but the time cycle is such that the salary of wheat and gram is not as much as the starting salary, that time the child whose  Chahat's salary is affordable which comes to 35 lakh 28 lakh rupees, which is nothing for him, in Delhi-NCR, 28 lakh rupees is nothing cheap, if his savings are even 28 thousand rupees per month, which is very good.  It is difficult to calculate Rs. 45000 on Rs. 28,000. According to Easy Pat, even assuming that he is living on Rs. 17000, he is living on Rs. 28,000.  Settings of is also equal to his fennel month's salary Affordable housing which is statement because bean OS My previous topic, after 120 months of this like maximum, now related to staggering and images will start getting.  Benefit where for five years tips hairstyle nation to forget singing this 45,000 ki salary wala and hindu affordable ad ya seri ok hai sudhar previous generation has to help others on thors now they will say in ours who did it brother not yours at that time  But depending on the cycle, he was holding a job at home or in your cycle. Kerala to people, he joined Bigg Boss center a lot.  Real estate is coming of 8th down period and definitely get into job in the best of all the best affordable attended by a house and investment and I give justice to these people. There are many people who can pick up the pimpri as soon as they enter and then allot that plot.  Starts doing it, doesn't understand the form, they get torn at the wrong place because as this story picks up art, brother, a pawn in real estate cycle, this Vivo till Stuart, Rayudu fit. Everyone will laugh at the situation research. Even the developer will get trapped and the buyer will also get trapped. The party always ends with a crush. When the builder is so fertile, the plot itself becomes so expensive that it would have been justified. Then he makes his thing by putting more expensive margin on that expensive plot.  The table which reduces the interest meter in the market as per the rules and regulations and then if that thing is not able to move forward, then the money starts rattling, play the music playlist of Gopal NCERT course setting, add to all Vijay, whenever your  This is the trend, what I told you, there is no need to get angry in this position, wait for its pimple, any product launch year, B.Com, now the products are being launched here, so tell the story, will it not be made, what will happen and even till then, all the party will go on.  Everything will be made like this, everything will be received, everything will happen, hello, if you become confident, then the contract is being made, it is coming out of you, then when the last wave falls rapidly, when the train of funds is about to reach, then that train.  desired this red this line then where who will get trapped what will happen because then there cycle year cycle again appoints always it is proven always it will be like this now in real estate this is what I have to get imo now I will stop recording okay now  I'll Stop Recording and You