Hello friends, in the New Year a video with deep knowledge is going to be a very short video which is very long but this knowledge is such that it has been spent on consultation and can also make a profit of crores of rupees depending on how one understands it, so it is so expensive.  I am giving this thing for free here because I don't think that even after giving it, many people will be able to benefit from it. If you are able to understand it, then please write below whether we understood a little, half and a quarter, 25%, how much did someone understand, please tell him. Then I will write about it in the next video. You may want it to be bigger than this or it may take the form of a male someday. It may take two hours to understand the meaning of giving benefit to it. It is a small thing to get the full benefit. Pay attention.  Listen, you can do whatever you want in life. You can do whatever you want in life. You can do whatever you want in life. Someone said, I want to be this, I want this, I want to do that, you have to do this.  Listen again in life, you do what you want in life.  Can or can but what do you want, you can't want it, end of knowledge, whatever you want or want in life, can do but you want, can't you want it, Illuminati world, Navratan, cool, cool, cool, its shirt is because of my lack.  White, how are you now understanding something, what would you like, does someone else control what is done and the one who understands it, only he earns the money, don't start painting anyone as a villain in this, gain knowledge, the consultant has less control over things.  It is very expensive to give to the client.  Where even 100 crore people can see the money, but how many people can understand it in their life by doing corporate work, then the right coach, the right matter, the right guru, the one who can tell the right understanding, what we are talking about, good college, good school, good guru, why is it so much because this is the thing.  Tell me, who will tell what and what will he do? Rest, if you keep studying like this, it will remain like this. Don't go on YouTube channel where how did I wake up in the morning, now my baby is like this, now I am going to fly the plane, now I am doing like this. Look at me like this and  Shot Shot Lock Subscribe That's why I have to come and give something of my own to attract people like this, people ask me so many things, I don't even tell my name, I am completely fine, interested in life, what a respectable person.  Haj tu offer and what value it in your life Dekh liya kyun are you looking at famous people? When you saw it, it made sense like Bigg Boss's You want you speak in the life of famous people.  Men are also making their own, that too is attracting people, I am not able to understand, because of the end top YouTubers, yesterday some reporter list came to me, I was looking at my performance report card, it was okay but I was looking at Aadarsh ​​also in D. Category and Journal, that's why I have done that work of making this, okay, I am looking at the others too, okay, in every life you have your own competition, how you give tomorrow, today you collect from him. So you're doing up and down tomorrow. So your detoriating is okay but steel what I want you told me. Tell me this little thing in a minute.  This is a very deep thing. Inception is the code of English. Inception is an English word and this is the old knowledge of my philosophy which I am telling. Okay, would you like? Han, would you like once? If you want then you can definitely achieve it. Your father put that desire in the street, mother put it in the society, someone put it on YouTube for their own benefit, for your benefit you will have to put all that in your mind, it is a very deep thing, this small advice is very deep.  On this, there can be a two-hour conversation with Dead and that can be done if you want big videos, that is, big real ones, because they get released and the quick one and a half hour conversation with Guruji can also be done if the audience wants it, okay.  There is no such hurry while walking because in the big one, I feel that if I am a tree then it means people will respect me, I can come and post it on YouTube, I can stomach it here, otherwise, I am becoming a tycoon from it, is it okay, but  That is, for me, he needs the respect of knowledge, I do not need my own respect, he needs respect for knowledge, it is okay, if people who give him respect for free will come, I will put him there for free and he will get respect there too, now I will give him a party, okay.  But it depends, okay, it depends on the audience and on the maturity of the audience, who has it and who relies on which value, whether it has value, so this is the thing I told you in two lines, in which you people find it difficult in value or enjoy it.  If I go to please write please write han value for value. If it takes effort to write value then write V. If I see V written then I get motivation.  Will go ahead that yes means something, I understood that your wish is not in your hands, no, just think this, it is not, now you have to see what further hint I am giving, you also continue sequel, many fingers for this too.  People leave and go, it means that it is a hint that now they want to come inside you, so with whom do you want to spend with such friends, Friday is Thursday and there is a very good crowd, man, it is fun today, drinking alcohol here.  Too  Desire is being told to you, then desire comes inside you, you look into the eyes, the girl is dancing, she is dancing in the pub, let's go, I do n't know what will happen, now this is how it is, now I don't want to be with people, not yours, not your desire.  You were watching on mobile when his friend called but if you want then also write please share the video. This one and these things is one of my request. Make a small diary in the new year and start writing in it.  Thank you