Hello friends, today I have brought a Guru Mantra for the middle class which is my core audience, do watch the video till the end, the lower class probably does not need this, Higher Classes Already Figured Rich Classes Already Figured It Out, so you people and Guna Mantra  I am giving you the most common question asked by middle class children and parents, do you know what should I do, what should I do, money issues, life issues, many things can be solved with this guru mantra of yours.  If you go then definitely watch till the end and tell me how you liked it. People may find it a bit abstract because it is a template. A little hair order thinking will be required. If you are not able to understand then try to understand by showing whatever is more prevalent in your family. If in life  If you want to achieve something, if you want to get money, if you want to reach somewhere, then you have to become this, now we will discuss what is this and what is this, okay today everyone needs something, I want this, I want that, I want this to become mine.  round this mine  For this we will use the word needy in English. Most of the middle class today is needy. This is needed, that is needed, that is needed, needed like this, how to get needy, needy, needy. When you say needy in Hindi, the word poor comes out, go to 'g' and try it.  Indigent or poor, you have to become needy rather than needy. I am using English as well as Hindi. I am also telling Hindi. It is not very difficult, everyone understands, that much is fine. From needy you are a needy person to you are needed by others Why will you be needed by others because your focus becomes on giving something to others That's why they need you now since you are needed All your needs will be taken care of Got it brothers and sisters From needy to needy you have to become a doctor who can treat everyone and a politician who is needed by the country.  Sir, the country will not run without this, all the Indians need this kind of vote because when you create your need, whether you do it in the family, do it with your wife, do it for the children, do it for the society, do it for the clients, do it for the public.  Do it for friends, for anyone, your demand increases, then since you are in need, he is ready to give you anything to fulfill his need, which is a value system in a legitimate way, you should take this thing very carefully.  You understood, you enjoyed it, please write. You enjoyed it, we will talk a little further, we will take it a little further, I want to explain it in another way, so you understand that in our India, especially the middle class is busy in making a lot of money, but the lower class does not.  She is struggling and earns her money and spends it somewhere. May she find a shortcut to the middle class with Jugaad fit. Brother, I know her. I know her. She is engaged in taking everyone's number in Jugaad.  Brother, the politician's MLA is interested in getting a job somewhere, getting transferred somewhere, getting a promotion somewhere, somewhere, I get this, somewhere I get to live for free, or I get benefits, this thing of Rs 500, I get it for Rs 450, there is a jugaad for him.  Jugaad fit here, jugaad there, it will be called in English. Middle class is mostly focusing on how many people they know. It means that brother, I know many people, I know so many business people, I know so many people.  Politician or knowing others is not going to do anything in your life. Reverse it. Your life will be decided by how many people know you rather than how many people you know. Start focusing on making yourself known if 1 lakh people know you than yours.  Status is here and you know 1 lakh people Your status is here because you know them What value are you adding to them MLA  If you rub your nose in front of him too much, he has four votes, if he is in a mood, he will get something done, is there any IAS officer, government officer, is there any jugaad somewhere, your work was being done by giving 00, my life, out of 55, it became 10 out of five, this is just by becoming a man. You will just remain fit here, fit there, fit here, fit everywhere. I know a Band Baaja Baraat seller, he will charge Rs 25 instead of Rs 0000 as discount. Come brother, after wasting all your time, show your jugaad fit to every person, give his number, take that, take this one, how many people have your number in their mobile, will you decide, how many numbers are you roaming around with in your mobile? Not Be the Importance Are you understanding what I am saying, am I able to explain this? I take my subscribers on a journey from needy to needy. Platinum Members. You can also take platinum membership of this channel because those who have taken it are now moving ahead in consultation, they are happy, the numbers are increasing.  It is going in a structured way. If Platinum members are listening, is this what I am claiming? Can you please comment in the comment section that yes, this is happening.  Or it is not happening as per your wish, you must write in the comment section, you can take platinum membership of the channel because many times I get to see such comments when I make different videos and things in different ways.  Brother, it is very easy for you to sit and say hello friends, you know that if it is easy, then learn the easy work, then if it is easy for me, then you know the easy work, don't I have to do only difficult work?  your like this  Do you want to blacken your face in the sun or do you want to do it as you wish? It is your choice. Sit quietly and learn how things work in life. The one who earns money from the body by using the portion below the neck, how much money does he earn and the neck?  The part above so much This part This part that is so big The part below can make more money than that Just Think What You're Using More That's Again The message I explain things very well in template form  All those who have taken platinum membership are enjoying it. Those who want to take it can do so by pressing the join button and if those with 'i' are not seeing the join by mistake, all the workshops will keep on happening, you will become needy from a needy person, that's it.  Because to be needed, there must be something inside, that inside will fill your dose, then you will become needed in your social circle, initially a man is needed for free, you are a Ravi brother-in-law, intelligent.  Or Akash uncle ji or Ashish uncle or anyone's name like Rohit is ok Rohit uncle can be anything Neha aunty Neha aunty who knows things from whom she is asked Initially she sees that someone is asking me for free  Now so many people are asking me for free, so I start charging or get charged, this is the journey, to become needy from needy, only then value will be added. Pain points of the world, issues of the world are pain.  I address the points at a very high level, I have a very super hit workshop on pre-marital counselling, you can watch it and you can become a person charging Rs 2000 to Rs 2000 for that consultation. I have given such good 30 points in it.  If you have mentioned then you can watch those videos by going to platinum membership. Real estate courses, their astrology course is their happiness courses, their purpose of life.  Courses there, your communication skills, digital skills, digital making skills, pup making skills, all the things have been taught well, so now you will automatically know what to do with needy needy needy, then who will come to us, why should we talk to us about this? First of all keep the goods in the shop. What is a shop? There should be knowledge in the shop of knowledge. Now the knowledge has to be sold. First ask who will be the buyer. Keep it first then it will be known automatically.  There are 144 crore people, McKenzie Fang is all engaged in giving consultancy to these companies, to the corporates, to the rich people, to the business houses. Those who are above are so big, Bisi Ji, this so and so is threatening, I do n't know what are their names, they have studied from Harvard.  They have come here and spend a lot of money. Can the common man afford it? But the common man does not know the practical things. To know, he should ask his family and parents to talk to him.  Are you not ready or are you saying no, will you marry this person or will you do this work, now you can't take advice from them, friends look like idiots like you, then where should a man go, there is a lot of need, you can meet this need, you are very  People are needy, you can become needy, you will enjoy this journey a lot, join me, learn this journey and adopt this template because as soon as you become needy from needy, your life changes. How many, then I did the same. Said, how many people know you will make a difference, so please, I don't even tell my name. If you see many people, I assume that you will know, you will find my name written somewhere. It's okay, but if you don't subscribe to this channel, then  Please subscribe this channel, one more channel, my Clarity for Youth is doing better, now it has entered 90, it is about to touch lakh in 90000, so make my century if you have.  Have not already subscribed there and if you have already done so then add a subscriber there also, please do Clarity for Youth, the name of the channel is there, it also has excellent content, so please like it a bit and visit there also.  See the content for you there also thank you very much