Hello friends, today a live changing relationship advice, I bill give it to you, say it out to your brother and thank you, it is a very good advice, if you can follow it, it is a very simple advice, if you can follow it, but its logic.  Now you understand, there is a lot of logic in the story, such videos will not be found on YouTube, please share and spread the things, especially this video, to tu jo dee mein out der aapki bibi. Every husband has this problem, you know it happens to every man, so today listen to the device free advice, it is going to be very beneficial for all of you. Whenever you face a confusing situation with women, remember this thing.  There are two things, one is logic, the other is emotion, you want to follow people's emotions, men's emotions are match match, woman's emotion is important, it is big, logic will not reduce it, now what will you say?  This is a stupid thing, women should have intelligence, there should be logic, we should reduce this. Logic is, I was not happy to do something like this. No, emotion is important. If this emotion of a woman has arisen that you can tell your parents or brother-  If you have bribed your sister or her original family more, you secretly give more money to them, do more to them and take less care of your family with her, then this does not make sense in logic.  Because of the reason, whatever emotions come in women, they come over time and observation, they do not go away suddenly, so today when she is creating a defence, she is making noise, she is making noise, which is called 'Saka' in the language of Haryana.  If it has happened, then people think that this is about today's movement, it means that something has happened in Trading Three Four Five Six, some event has happened, there is emotion in it and you want to counter it with logic.  That's not going to happen because that's not a three to five hour thing, women are a very strong bank, I hope they have to enjoy this and will fall with this thing, okay no one is criticizing women, there is less to connect them two different ones.  The lack of calling each other professional is the lack of understanding of each other. A woman's work never lasts for four-five-six hours, it lasts for four-five-six-seven-eight years or 4, 5, 6, 8 months. Minimum is fine, if you reduce it very much then it will be a week, do n't ever think that you did not keep the plate or there was some small thing like this that caused her to get fat, then she gets fat because of the thing, she got fat, I don't know what it is.  There was bank balance, earlier she does curry, then what is the problem of men when emotion comes and they give her their logic at the event and today they make her less, don't give logic, understand emotion.  You have to try to do it in the beginning, you will not be able to understand but after this advice maybe you will start sleeping and what did I do and what scandal did I do and what did I do, I did not tell her the time because what is the problem, what about the woman?  The right bill strike comes at the time and place and situation of every choosing when you are not ready. It is not like you acted just now, you said something in a big gathering, you said something to his father, you said it to his mother or you told something else in the story, then he  It is not that we will not get anything on time, all that has been recorded, he will come back, Karan Arjun will come, do it like him, Arjun, I am telling you to dialogue like women do, they definitely come, so men are not immediate on logic.  Apply great logic. If you want to apply logic then always see that you cannot win an argument or situation on the basis of facts. The woman who is your woman is also applicable for girlfriends but I am more of a girlfriend.  I don't give advice on boyfriend because I say no, I will make a detailed video on these relationships someday. Husband-wife relationship is fine, you have a lot of incentive in it, I think to tolerate tantrums, I do n't think there is much incentive in a girlfriend-boyfriend relationship. Is it or should it be but that topic will be different then again the people in relationship come into this and when you see this relationship then it is not with the wife, the boys also fight with the mother.  If you have a fight with yourself, you have power, it is okay, she is also a woman, okay, there will be motion, anything can happen, so when you are having issues with your daughter-in-law, then the boy who comes wants to give a big star. As much as he wants from logic, hey mommy is like this, hey brother, his emotions are shaken. Women are also driven by this security and historically, whenever consciousness has been built in their DNA or behind them, there was insecurity. If she was not there then the lion would have been attacked by the animal because the man was outside, hunting, farming, doing little, women used to stay behind, so it was necessary for the women to be insecure to raise the children.  And it was very important for safety and all that situation went away by April time, now we live in very modern times, you are definitely not the ghost of these security but the DNA of lakhs of women who is doing curry is in these  Security gives rise to these security emotions and mother has to deal with the emotions of women and women and the way to deal with emotions is not at all with logic that in this situation it is 248 so not only brother but brother 24.  Nothing less than logic will do. I hope you understand the underlying principle of this video and this message of mine. It is okay to call him a poet.  They are understanding that you should not look at it like this, no, no, they are very logical creatures, no, they are not logical, but whatever impression they make, that is over you, time is divided, just like a teacher's impression is formed in a school, it is like time is divided.  So that one subject will neither be buttered nor spoiled by the number one unit test. You should think that you are on a long performance and you are being judged, so I can give some tips in this, okay.  Like Manto and consultant, okay, I can give some tips to men that first of all bring consistency, do not apply logic in everything, so I went with a friend, I don't go with your relatives, I go with my own, obey my mother.  I am yours but I don't agree with you, whatever is your nature, I am not telling the men here whether they have to do slavery to anyone or have to do Surendra or every tantrum is reasonable.  Demand: You don't have to do that in front of every tantrum. No, I am not telling you to do that at all. Maybe even women don't want this. Okay, women want consistency. You can display it in any way. If you don't have to do something, then that's it.  If you are selective and manipulative, then women are 10 times intelligent and men are idiots, that is, they are first class children who are showing their loyalty in front of a college graduate. Think like this, a man only gets respect.  There is only one source of reducing your own troubles, that is to be genuinely consistent with yourself. Jain friend, my mother does not like to meet your relatives or my mother does not like to meet your relatives.  It should be seen that if your friends come after having sex then you jump and take the car out at 10:00 in the night, now you have to tell him the story, he has to do something, then now you do not have consistency there, now you tell him the story.  You have to get some expenses, water, story, investment or something like this done, you have to get the story done, there you do not do your story but you take your money, you take friendship, you take friendship, you take meeting, there should be fairness and consistency in getting up, sitting, doing deals.  D Moment Sahi Bill Release of Marriage Yes This Way This Me Husband Is Like Consistently Like This And He Will Not Be His Mother's But Will Be Consistent She Will Forget Him You Will Forget Him  It will happen and those emotions will not go away. Those who are bursting, these emotions awaken only when he feels injustice, he feels inconsistency, when he sees lies and manipulation in your words, you want to counter it with logic because we do not give this logic.  Those who are men are not men, they give up even in the office, they have to cheat the bus, they have to cheat the juniors, they have to dodge the target, it is a habit, it is a man's habit. One of his mean nature is that he tries to invent some logic or the other for everything, so he has to tell you all whether it is the office games which you have learned or the worldly affairs which you have learned which are from outside.  Yours are those programs, please do not play with your wife, you are smart, you are smart, you are smart, you are smart, you are smart, you are smart, you are smart, you are never finding peace, you are logical, you are never one, and you are a cup.  Friends of tailing people, they don't understand this, they don't understand, they all understand, there is one thing that is most intelligent - the green men, take your lumps, all the women, they are talking about average, it is okay, there can be progress and backwardness, because men can also be some brilliant, but  The average female gender online is more emotionally questionable, they may be more but if you look at it generally, it is also there, so you cannot fool them, be as honest as you can. Women who tolerate lazy husbands, it's okay, women have the power to tolerate lazy husbands, women don't tolerate liars, manipulative husbands, they don't, and we don't even have to exist and what is the purpose of being, it's a flower like you, tell them about yourself and speak the truth to them as consistently as you can.  If a man speaks the truth, the woman will respect him, but while speaking the truth, you immediately feel that I will speak the truth, she will get angry because she is trying, she is trying to show that she is being truthful to you.  You should not feel any resentment but you will speak your truth, truth has a lot of power, so you tell him that no, this suit does not fit you, Mukesh Ambani ji made his mother happy by doing so much for me.  I think that is also not an expense arrangement and if you get involved in this then you will be misused a lot and many women also do this in some cases, it is like date child tendency, once the child comes to know that I have to cry and I  If you get chocolate and lollipop, then you will have to make her cry, so don't do that one less. Be very very clear. Be very honest. Be very honest about your feeling. Be consistent. It is okay and when you speak the truth, whatever you feel, you will speak it.  There will be peace, yes when the time comes, the right bill, you want control, don't watch IPL, do n't watch this, there are friends' opinions, whatever this opinion is, whatever you give, you have to be fair, you can't be extreme.  Selfish because of the relationship is not that I will hang out with my friends, then go out with her too, leave her, if she has to do it, then date you, have you allowed on the other side also but be very very reasonable, be very very this think women normally.  Reasonable Online Averages are OK Fear Bills Always Be Exceptions OK But Generally They Are Understand When You Have Understood Dear Emotions Bill Understand Your Logic Other Wise You Think Without You Understanding Dear Logic Fear Emotions and Without D Me Understanding Woman's Emotions When Remember Logic Ye Kitna Maa Ka Nahi Hum Ki Nahi Yaar Logical Jitan Chahiye Taarak Jitan Chahiye Jitan Chinh Nahi Jeeta Taarak Taarak Ek Short  Term 4: Emotion is the star of the 6-hour situation. Your bank balance of years is also there and there is something in it too. His logic is period time has accumulated, it will not happen due to your small logic or Tarak or situation of 4 hours, thoughts are the same, what happens when a man comes and someone is saying something wrong with him, the wife is doing it.  And when the flower is becoming unhappy, when the flower is becoming sad, then he catches the men, then he catches the men who are supposed to be there and if he tells the logic, then the men will agree to it, right.  So what you are saying friend is right because the logic is visible but even those men don't know that brother, please take the picture by reminding them of your actions two-four-five years back. Tell me, all the women understand this way. I am and neutral question is understand which D side well so when I do consultation I am not being attached to you a gender ok I am my this gender so I will write the word like this  Because if you say no, then people say that only women will understand the pain of women. If women understand the pain of women, then the pain will not go away. No one's pain will go away by understanding. The one who is giving pain has to understand that pain is being given, then there will be pain.  A woman's pain will be reduced, now women's pain, she shares such things with her sister, mother, friend, with anyone, does the pain get reduced? Women also have a request, if you watch from the middle of this video.  Please, this is what I have understood.  Told that please convince your husband, if you are such a woman watching this video, then do nothing else, Shakti, forward it to your husband, tell Shakti that brother, listen to this, listen to him too, he is a big expert, okay, just listen to him too.  Please implement it a little, okay video please share it in your circle and hope everyone's marriage is going well, it's okay because it is an institution, I am feeling an all-round attack has started in our country.  Even earlier we used to hear this in America, it is okay and it seemed that this is a disease from outside, like when Corona did not come to India earlier, then it was said that this is a problem of China or a disease from outside.  Then it becomes our disease, I feel like they know today, society needs you to start discussing these things, it's very important, thank you very much.