Hello friends, I am trying very hard to reveal the secret of a relationship and being pragmatic about it, you will get a lot of surprise by listening to it. Collectively, you will not get individual surprise but this is happening for the first time in the society and especially those who are not married, they will be very surprised. D think.  Give him women women and more aggressive in marriage physically aggressive mother will say he is talking nonsense then listen I will also tell you the reason, understand why this happens to him. When there are other boys, there is relief in size from 8-10 years. You must have seen that there is a man and there is a boy and then that man gets divided and he becomes stronger. So what happens whenever there is a fight and Both people got upset and when it came to scuffle, the woman knew that if I did not object to her and used only my hands and hit this man, then nothing or if I even got touched, then the bruise would be gone and the mark would be gone.  And it is done  With it, how does the police know, how does the proof come, all that becomes very easy. I am not telling when it comes, because how does it come in the market, how does it come at the police station, how does it come on social media, how does it come in the newspaper, how does it come to us.  It is always said that a man killed a woman because it can be easily proved, it is not visible on the body, men are beating wives and more wives are beating husbands, this is a surprise and I am telling some things further that I am also telling you about property and other such things in the society, you should look carefully if you propose that there are some situations which will never be proved, but I am telling you for your peace and not to judge you, look at such situations carefully.  Understanding this situation: There are two men in the market or in any situation, one man is 6 feet 6:30 feet tall, very sour, he is so strong, the 15.5 feet long one is like a barbell and he hits well.  And people see it and apparently it seems to be his fault that he kills because of it and people are witnesses because of it, I am creating a situation for you to judge, after that when he kills for whom, then what is there to do with it?  If it gets spoiled then it is big but if he picks it up and slaps it then its teeth get pulled out. Its weight is 50 kg. You messed with the one who weighs 100 kg. So the logic is still the same, why did you do it?  Mara, you understand this, look, I am not here to encourage women to beat women or women to beat their husbands, please do not participate in the fast moving bus here, I am talking about showing a mirror to the society by doing first order thinking, let me tell you something. I am telling you some systems, if a man kills a woman, then the woman, from the police station to her mother, to her father, to the neighbor, to the society, to the boy who has killed her, to her bus, to her mother, to her father, to the public.  There is tax power from the place, there is no tax power. Brothers and sisters, society's saree's saree will get sympathy or not, but if a boy gets slapped and then whom should he tell? To his friend, to his father, to his father-in-law, to whom should Rohit tell? How to tell that Neha slapped him? Why did you kill me? First of all you must have done something. Office Office. So these women who are listening and whose daughters or women who are not married Rakhi never ever heater mother especially hit you no matter how much resentment you may have, Rakhi is yours. Because of his post, you don't know then which one is his use Sunny Deol's dialogue Never ever hit a mother Ise de advice height mother should also never touch female He toh hai hai dan hee daan daan daan daan he toh agar aapko bhi  Even if he hits you, you will have to drink a glass of poison. If you hit him, you are not equal in power. In this, he slapped you 10, you slapped one, your one is heavier than his 100 and Sir, the society is with him, there is a system with the police.  And all the public can you hit is a woman but this is can you hitman it is de think which I want you oil very much because this thing can't be taken back scuffle is happening but women have to understand that they can only be hitman because of that  You know that he will not kill and will not hurt and if he kills then he will hit the target, but a woman does not hit any other walking man because she knows that he is not her husband, he will hit and then she will not know where he will hit.  No one, this video is to lionize the society, you people have to discuss on it that it is an issue, now do not indulge in it, women's saree is like this, no one has to paint it, but some are sizeable and progress.  If you look at the total, then there are more women in the Indian society. I am telling you that there is a lot of progress in the middle class. There are many men among the women who have simultaneously turned 70 while tolerating the oppression of women and their status in the society. No one in the relationship knows, maximum their children have to have a little idea at any time to see the society that this should not be on the scope, if you want MGTU 's friend, I am not able to understand how Jain, then we will do better than this, so I have to learn it.  A follow up video of this can also be made for you guys, if you want, I have a very good clarity on this thing that how he starts, he raises his hand only when the woman does not understand the answer verbally or  total Complete control and aggression is required, the situation will be created by him, the police will come, he will listen to any woman who does not obey her husband, he will kill her, but the woman does not obey him, this is also a fact, it is the same woman who beats her husband at home. Percentage is the situation, you bill do, who was told next, who was told next, it does not mean that there are many idiots among women, it is not such a thing, but there is a reason, I told what it is, because whatever a man does will not be hidden, nothing of his.  Kiya will not be hidden because even a little bit of his strength will be known in the world in a second, so these are very conclusions, what should we do in the society? Discuss please discuss this on your family group 24 hours to discuss politics and other things.  It is not necessary that these are real issues, maybe your closest relative, your child, your relative, your friend is clicking on you, that lion is not even talking, what is this thing that people identify with it.  ID means identify from the situation, please write it below, I will do the primer in future times, you can do that yourself because it is not necessary because when you get a template, you can incorporate it in your life, everything in it.  It is not that he is in mother's fever or is in female's fever, he is a pragmatic person, he has two partners who are two wheels of a bicycle, as if the bicycle cannot run without them, he has the power to do so in this kind of situation.  I will explain it in a very good way. How did you like this video? Tell me, like, share, thank you.