Hello friends, now marital advice witch will tell you whether your marriage is fine, those who tell things through their pet consultation, every time I do this because I want appreciation and likes, actually, whatever I tell for money, I am telling it for free.  I am very willing to tell you that I have saved you from my great experience and you can also save me if you reach such a level. Send him the video. These are the people in your family, relatives and friends circle. It is okay and even if you are doing absolutely fine, then listen, you are a very good advisor. Anytime there is too much conflict going on in your life, a situation is such that you need to get a divorce.  It is okay to take divorce, divorce is okay, people correct their pronunciation very much, I speak as it comes to me, people speak whatever they say, I know all the pronunciation very well, but I don't know any English.  To pass the exam, neither do I want to go abroad, nor do I have any mistakes. It is okay for me to go somewhere else, I have done everything in my life. I have already passed. Okay, so I tell them that the spelling is illegitimate. Pronunciation is Najis Pronunciation. You said, not Pronunciation.  He said, okay, then listen carefully, time will not come bad many times in life, no, it will not just come from here, is there something like this, then if Astro talks about Astro, then the time is of someone else.  That time or dasha, Mahadasha, Antar-Dasha, that time itself was going on like this, both of them were having a bad time, both were doing each other's things like that. If they had silently spent a year, how to spend it, what to do, he would have come in advice, very good.  It's a deep, very cute video, okay, maybe not everyone will understand, but that thing, okay, my channel is for de classes, not de masasses, okay, this is also a fact, those fans of Tiktok and those whose attention span is less and who run away in small  They come for entertainment, it is not for them, the channel is fine, that's why I don't even give ads to this channel, and one row is doing it at its organic speed, is it good, is it good, so there is trouble in the marriage 3 4 6  It's been 8 months since the wife has given up on the man, she can never be cured, you have raised a hand by someone, something has happened which seems to be not so big in reality right now, okay but  You are feeling that it has become very big and you are feeling that this is the end, end it, end it [Music] Brother great, when you left the house through this process of separation, your wife left you, she must have gone away, then the pain would have gone away. Until it's just like this, it's like something started giving pain in my hand, I'm not giving time to the hill, I'm going to bite the hand, bite the hand, bite the hand, people are getting pain from the hand. now next time  If the foot is meeting the foot, then cut the foot, cut the foot, this is not the way I am telling you to live life, I am trying to save it by doing a little root canal treatment, there was a little worm or a little swing, by feeling and billing, I saved it by feeling and billing, right?  If you take it then there will be no pain. Now some people may be laughing, some people may be feeling that many people are thinking that you are an idiot, you are giving an example. Such people may be writing, okay, marriage is like this.  Situation urine its status life's focus and energy so if the focus of energy of our life is more and our time is bad then pain will come from there only if you are giving 10-12 hours in your job and all the focus energy is there man take marriage also.  If it is not done, then there are many other pains, if the target is not met, if this is not done, if that is not done, then leave the job, this is what is happening today, along with the war, I will get pain from my wife, because my wife is better than my man. Not the role, the return is a fact and should not be followed, this is what I say, okay, then I will not marry, now what, the boss will insult me ​​on the job, I will not be understood, if there is no growth, then I will not even do the job, okay.  Then what to do now, everyone means now they have to go, okay, we can't become so many, there is no need for Vivekananda ji, and Vivekananda ji left very soon, how soon do you want to go, at what age, not his brother, his energy control [music]  ] by going to  Then you will do the same with girls whose marriages have broken. 15-20 year olds, then you will not understand that women are good, my thinking was wrong, he also works out like this, your marriage is going bad, let the one drive, whose car is going bad sometimes.  If it is, then let it run, do n't send the car at all. Sometimes the road is bad, the road itself is bad, now there is nothing wrong with the car, the road is bad. You understand it this way, there is nothing wrong with the car, the road will be fixed and sometimes there is no choice.  Even if you go back, it will still be a mess.  I am doing it in the future as well, I am still very happy, now there is a realization, now I belong to you, I will walk on foot, that means, let the situation go brother, the path will become smooth, how does it become smooth? Now listen to his tips, when there are many battles in life, mostly Manish Manish Choudhary. Money also starts coming in, many marriages take place which are big, Americans have done a lot of research, I have read research papers as per my choice, which one has to be read a lot, even in such a way that your  Hello friends, okay, we did a lot of research on them, in India, everything is not visible, food, clothing has not left the house, till now we have done a lot of research on those people and the result of those people is that the marriages were successful.  If asked about it, then it is said, time passed by, Bob was Mary, the salary increased, money went, money became good, the troubles got cured, the children grew up, the trouble was the wife. children from  You are not taking care of yourself, food is not being taken care of, household is not being done, one thing comes, children start [ __ ] in the house, earlier your wife was not [ __ ] there, she was saying, you do, I do, I do, I do, you do, I do.  By doing this, I came to know that the children have grown so much, please shut up, parents, we will do it, hey, how are the children speaking, okay, so the time is passed, brother, there is no cream here, no husband is cream, no wife is cream.  No, there is no cream in life even after doing anything else, so it's okay. Don't give up so quickly, just understand and some reasonable person will tell you that the road is bad for so long and will be fine after 12 kms. If you cut it, now you have to resort to other things, so I am right here right now. While giving rest to you all, I will leave a little bit here, okay, I will leave a little money here for delivery, okay, this was to arouse curiosity and a possibility in you, whatever is going on.  Isn't this brother, first of all, when the car is running like this, first of all, go from fourth gear to second gear. Anyone who knows how to drive the car of life knows that if the road is bad, then do n't run. Married life is messed up.  The job is on fire, Rakhi is in the fourth house, it will not move, it will stall, the car will stop, it will reverse like the first thing is slow down because if you don't know doubt then it is not possible just imagine speed breaker.  There are potholes, there are very terrible potholes and with you I have to drive at 80. You tell me what will happen. The car is bound to end. An accident is bound to happen. The car cannot drive. It is meant to drive on Roadie Mins's MPS. So the first thing you will do.  Have you come down its D Road which is bad What can you do about D Road For some reason if you have to take left from Security Multi Region Yadav Vice Plant Route then there  Potholes are definitely found, the Prime Minister also gets the potholes, whatever is on the plant route, he does it before coming, whether the PM is there or he does it, but many times it happens that the Prime Minister has a road program.  It is bad because it has happened many times that and I am not telling this of the head example is giving without me witness and whatever you can say. The plan was to go to the dignitary by helicopter but the weather turned bad so now  Went from the road, now had to go from there from the road, now that was not the plan, so I don't know what he had to see, he also had to see it, so everybody has you go through these things, thought what I'm telling and D Big Biggest of D  If the country is good then there are less shocks then the thoughts are the same if the quality of the marriage was good, the car was good, your stamina was good, your wisdom was good on the date, your car was good, if I compare the car then if that  Land Rover class and its chassis is good, its power to withstand it is good, poor you, you are driving someone's Alto type car, if you are driving a Nano then the problem is that it has less power, but the car passes everything and that is Nano Alto.  It also passes, it is a short train, it passes from a short distance anyway, so it is not like that, it passes. Have courage, have courage, do not give up. How many people had the courage to give up, how many people felt that this is something brave.  In this, in examples or whatever, please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.