Hello friends, today's topic is a mistake that people make while making a house. The house that is built on a plot is called right. North Indians like this word. I will tell you what mistake they are making. Most of the mistakes are small.  It is happening in cities, some people are doing it in big cities and the economics of big cities has changed, so I bring a 360 degree perspective of real estate, so all kinds of topics.  You will see Vipin covered, so what is wrong with it? People from small towns should plot a house and dream of building a mansion. Husband in mid-thirties, no one can make that much money in it. Nowadays, but on our side, it is made in teaser wrapped.  What is wrong with the man that he is making the ground floor first? Banaras is making the second one. There is a mistake in English. This staircase has created a delay from within itself as if it was not there in the old pictures. Thakur Saheb used to walk from the top and  Everyone below was looking at that kind of staircase, if you are making it then it is not of practice quality because the children will not live in your small town and you will have to rent a stage. Today you would think that you are so rich.  That is why a house is being built if you are rich, you are working without money, but you can invest that money as extra for the next 40 years. If you are building a house in it from the age of 40 to 52, then you can live till the ninth * with electricity.  Can  If you believe that someone who is four-five years younger than you can also live the same life, then the designing in the beginning itself has to be kept a little futuristic that if our children are also coming then it is necessary to leave them with a CD from the bottom and go to the top.  If there is a tenant, then if any person keeps it and on the first floor, they are making a block penthouse type system, there is no fear of kitchen here, because we are a family, we are psychologically conservative, but we will eat food.  Question will be Mary, hey, these different types of food will be prepared on time, what happened in that and eating sour food, after having two kitchens, food cannot be had in one kitchen, but if there is a kitchen, then what is there, then there will be compulsion, neither will there be any compulsion in life.  It should not happen because if someone wants to eat Maggi, drink tea at night, drink milk, then it will come down from above and someone's guest has come, he is going to lie down, you have done your dish, he will keep doing it, so this house is designed like this.  when he and it come  If you go, then you go on a date for the plot. Yes, it is a big loss. Don't do such work and so many people show up. I set up my team to set up the doors. Look, this much money was bought for the plot. You will get plot credit because your design has been declared by the Gods for the present times. That person will say that I ca n't live like this, I have to make more steel plus in it. Now the thought of steel plus comes to mind, brother, the oil plus form, then the matter of the house was not thought of. Hey my brothers, where will you park the car, give it to every house.  every floor  But there are two cars in every family. Now there is a trend of two cars in every family. In your found dead body, one of Creta type and in yours too, Alto type or any Swift type is fine. One small car vs teacher goes to school and husband goes to school. Medicines have become popular. Okay, so if eight vehicles can be parked near it, each one will give two dares. If you wake up, then six vehicles will be parked inside you, so that space will have to be utilized to listen to the gas.  It feels very good that yes, look at any of my gardens, it can be built below 300 by 360, it is a house of one kanal, so it can be a little bit in it and in that also there can be a huge banquet hall like garden, no, that too is not going to be built.  That too will not be auspicious work. Go to Practical OTP otherwise you will invest so much money in construction and then they will be the ones to sell it. Whenever the next direction will not take 2 minutes, I have seen people's dad at the door of TV.  Tulsi Virani ji used to open the doors with the help of Rs 13 lakhs, sometimes even by taking a breath, the door opens like this, it is a good thing to keep the message, but it is no longer enough for her, she has to close and open such big doors every day. Our issues are coming, then there is a net along with them, then flies and mosquitoes are also their use, so whatever house you are building, wherever you are building it, it should be built according to practicality and a little foresight because whatever your  Land is the price of plots in small cities. Khayal means in cities like Rohtak-Hisar, lakhs of rupees are being spent in several sessions. Well, when land is becoming so expensive there, which is cheaper in small cities, then you should know.  You will have to extract the juice from the land, what happens sometimes is that there is no capacity for construction on time, these people destroy the entire plot by making their date floor, you build your state and build another one.  Leave the pillar, when it becomes fatal, make it such that it becomes the second floor as well, third barren quarter as well, whenever it becomes a merge, maybe on this page you are at the stage that your children are doing college education, but you want a house.  You cannot build a plot completely of that level. If you had bought a plot at some point of time, then you will have to insist on buying a plot. Your HUDA allotment plot may be available to you sometime like when you used to get plots in shellac, it is old and now you are unable to build a house on it.  so always complete Otherwise, I will make him first plus one, then what will people say that he was that person, then I will try to give him the look of a house and make him a plate floor, that is against work because he has not paid the full amount, Babu, will not take it. It is my choice, this is Mike Prostate - Ghosting also has to be done, while I am telling the video, smoking micro cigarette is also done, drinking alcohol is also done, driving under the influence of alcohol is also done, that is the country of all, Azad MyChoice  They think of correction and their applications are today's middle classes Bhagat Repacking, because inflation is going to increase, they will be able to eat bread along with the house, not every person gets a pension, the pension also gets reduced after the departure of the husband, whose  It comes to the end that there may be a need for a lot of money in the future because people and many people like the government are also there, it is ours, this is free treatment, yes, your treatment is free but it is definitely free, erotic egg, what is this when  I will get so old that I will have to hire a boy to keep me, I will have to hire an attendant, that government said that you thought that I thank you, thank you, you told me this and I have never told you when you are 50, 55, when 852 will be visible, that will have to happen today.  On the day of flower attendant, how much does the check cost you? Write in the comment box. Don't take away this a little bit. Hi 09 2012 BT. People get angry but don't do this above. It looks a little cute.  Okay, let me give this, this is an input. Whenever you build a house, look at it brother. You have to buy a house today. Do not think that I am your family. Very good. Further children got jobs up to 6543 2 lakhs.  If you will give them 150 crores, if you will give them, then there is that story of the attendant, now your son will stand up, this is your brain or daughter, should someone be standing in front of you, or am I repairing it for the future, people of mine.  The videos are ahead of my time. The article has just been published. In the data of sales of luxury housing, for the last three-four months, I was telling everyone that the border turned out to be absolutely correct and the fear that I was telling was not related to the ground.  If you are a leader, then this is what I am telling you, see how applicable you are, because when you used to sell your house, the old people would think that if we sell the house then these two floors should I get the price of it too, you will not get the money for the price of the house.  It will be available today whose proper juice has come out, it is test plus 4, the car can be parked below, the servant quarter has been fried, these have become legal, now it has come, amendment is made in the middle servant quarter is also a place, it is indulged. First class is twelfth, there is a courtyard at the back and you have a storey house and all its juice, there is a nice terrace above and all the things are automated, all the businesses are engaged, okay one option is fiber from within yourself.  It is inserted and above all that you have arranged solar panels, this is the time to build a house like this, some features tip, no renewable energy, also use green calling, link it with soft lighting, so now you are building a house, its done.  So what is the solution if you have already done it, it is ok but I am giving an idea to those who have already done it that if you know how to sell the goods then it may cost you 10 to 15 lakhs to 20 lakhs for the modification.  If you send it after getting it modified then you will get the money, you will get the property only after returning it and please do proper correction up. If you do not have the support to build four floors for some reason then do the construction in such a way that it is your basement or you have not made the basement below it.  There is a foundation, do it for four floors, even today your child will have the same intelligence. If it is not for your child, then place the next contractor and do all the videography while building the house. If you want, I would have made more videos like this.  Is  There is a little more to tell, but is my audience interested, are people from small towns also like this, I am a mixed Delhi road person and I do n't know about the difficult ones, so if you are from a small town and you enjoy this information then  Write down the name of the city, Hisar, Bathinda, Kota, the crying people, it is written, it is okay, Bahadurgarh or anywhere of yours, don't make it small, big cities should support it, all the other small ones say it is okay, so all the big and small In this affair, Munna is interested in this good and has kept it haram, Delhi is a distance, okay, then I will tell you in such practical tips and where you can already write the solution in the comment section for the first one, for that also the solution for designing of all Kharif crops.  If you are stuck in this or something else, what should I do if I want to sell it, then how can I do it well, then I will make a video for you on that too. Please like it, share it, send it to your groups and your friends.  You are related, click on it from the family group and this is the mistake. Someone is building a house. Today, definitely show him that brother, don't be so Choudhary, my grandson will play and now I will not be like this, this will happen to me, this will happen like this, this will be the day.  Till the time it is Edison, it feels good while making it, all the programs are good, but after clicking on the like button, it is okay, four floors must have been built, at some point of time, it was English, Nathana Dada, it can also be sold floor wise, sometimes there will be a need, sometimes there will be a need.  So  You can also sell the floor price, otherwise it is okay to make a house, you can't get a room, you ca n't sell two rooms, you can't even send it, it's okay, if you break the room in which you are living then where will you go, then four floors will be built and it will be big.  The choice is between two, you are a child in this one or you have left it open to guess your type, two are on rent, one is an experiment meaning but a motivation combination, you can also do this and look at the ideas with your child. how many are coming  It is okay in this that you can tell your child that even after doing a job, the land is easily available, it is okay, we have made it worse, you can also build two floors, stay for us, or if you have two children, tell them both, now rent it.  Not you because water we are not even taking the land money member something which will welcome very very interesting ok Disha is do it will welcome very very interesting it has many permutation combination and videos become  You can say yes, there are many in this but you have to like it, thank you.