Hello friends, the middle class needs to understand the difference between these two things and what are those two things whose difference the middle class is unable to understand and is going in the wrong direction, those things are two words - relationships and contact. The middle class has understood contact as relationship.  I have taken it, so many contacts are being made that someday they might be of some use to me and a lot of energy is being wasted in it, I will give you an example, this WhatsApp 2 mate WhatsApp 2 years ago that when animals used to attack, we had to live as a community that whoever attacked us  If it happens then everyone has to live in brotherhood, and in this there is no time for deep meaningful relationships, people are getting away from their own family members, parents do not tell them to make something of themselves, there is a generation gap. So these are not meaningful relationships, the children have formed some superficial relationships of their own. Even between husband and wife, such intimacy is not seen in many cases and unlimited contacts are being made.  Your work is business, you are making contacts and network, it is understandable, but you are in a job, you do not have to sell any product, you have a normal job and are trying to fit your Jugaad by force, if I go there for a visit, I will take help from there, do it with this  If there is a group, I will take it from them. This policy, in my opinion, is something which is wasting your time and energy. Spend time in uplifting yourself, so that you do n't have to worry too much about someone else's arrangements. Keep another group of your own, maximum of 5-10 people, more than that.  Very deep conversations and deep relationships are not possible in today's time and if they are intimate and of high quality, then your investments will be good, your thinking will be good, you will get stability, there will be no arguments, the people who can really be happy in your progress where thought  At the process level, you can take the one of one p towards three. One of one can never become 11, but one plus one should at least become more than two or 2 p. It should not happen that they keep arguing with each other. If I am from the middle class, as per my observation through consultation, when I ask them deep-rooted questions, I come to know that they are wasting a lot of time. If we have to discuss an issue, if we have to talk about a belief system, then we should talk to a person of a certain level.  There should be someone who can not argue or debate with you in a logical sense and a dialogue can take place which is called dialogue instead of both the sides stating their opinion because mostly the middle class, if their opinion gets hurt then now some other contact then  There is no other contact, if you are not enjoying here then the problem is that you are going somewhere else for fun, to transform yourself, to change yourself, to challenge your thinking, if you are afraid of that then it is all confirmation bias  People are learning and then it feels very good, for example, those who don't want to buy property, okay, then all of you get together on one platform and keep giving confirmation bias to each other, some people who don't want to get married again, they should get together somewhere and  Then you get plenty of them and then you too won't do it  You are also not doing it, there is no benefit in doing it, you have done it, you are a fool, then this system is running, whichever system you have based, it belongs to that party, this party is good, this one is good, that one is good, this is not good.  All of you get together, this is the problem. When I go to people with contrary thinking of the middle class, I get scared that they might crush my belief system by mistake. With what support will I live then? I will live the way I have been living for so many years.  There was this system, then what will happen to that time, this thing has to be crushed, don't run after contacts, run after deep relationships, you can connect with someone through the book, if the author has written very well, through this channel from me  you can connect if you like things you can connect with someone in virtual space as well as in real space but have that filter don't just watch 1500 channels randomly you can connect with every person in real life also or  This is like you are seeing me in real life, in real life which has the ability to take you somewhere  He is going on a journey himself, in whose journey you take four steps, five steps, on the entire journey, it is not necessary that you match everything, but if you are ready to go with him, then this is a little deep video, I hope you are not in making any forced contact  You wo n't be busy running after contacts and fitting Jugaad because the middle class fits Jugaad everywhere to save a few bucks. If those four bucks are not saved and if they are spent, then so much energy will be saved in life that if that energy is used at the right place,  By focusing, you can earn 4000 times more money. I am giving you an example of saving some money, then you can earn a lot of money from that and when you can earn a lot of money and that money will come, then you can get a small guest room somewhere. Somewhere you may have to wait two minutes less in the line, somewhere you may get a Jugaad (arrangement) somewhere, somewhere you may get something like this, somewhere this may not happen, you may have to be on top, you do not have to worry about that thing or anything because you have got a pattern  and you will become a very interesting person because middle This class contract remains in the affair, but you can remain in this contract till the age of 50, 55, 60 years, as long as you have some relevance, if you do not increase your relevance, then what will happen is if the middle class is not increasing its relevance  People will now not come in your contact and what is the benefit to them from you and then you become 62, 65, 70, 75 and rolled down and now you are no longer relevant because you did not follow the right path. Teach people about this path of life through your workshops and webinars.  I try to do that. In the comment section, you will find some of my very best workshops that have already been conducted. If you want to purchase some of them, you can scroll down in the comment section. You will enjoy the topics itself and the fees for all of them are very low.  It is very less, you will see that too and it is not too much, so you can take whatever you like from it as per your choice, in the coming time I want that many people will take some government  There are some people in the corporate sector who want to take VRS, they do not want to work, they want to retire a little earlier, they are mature, I want to show them a path, do handholding, give them ideas, I am not talking about getting them a job because if there is so much fun in the job  So why are you leaving it? Okay, I also teach those things which people want to learn and want to join me. That was my plan in that workshop. In the middle of the month, I am a little busy with the elections, so what are you doing?  I am not contesting the election, I am busy in the elections right now. You think about the reason why I am contesting and then we will do it after the election results, so we will do it in mid-June when the kids have holidays too. So you can give me the number you gave me.  Pay VRS whatsapp-web Friend friend, someone who is already retired is not going to help you and what do you need someone to tell you the truth, further there will be an eye opener workshop, those who are interested can quickly write VRS, thank you very much