Hello friends, it is a bit sensitive topic but it will help a lot. The topic is women are doing false cases against women, its truth should be the same, perspective, numbers, statistics and I will try to give a new perspective. This video will not be pro-woman and pro-woman and last and anti-woman at all.  I will give a new perspective in terms of reality because many boys in the comment section of my videos like this thing.  There are comments that girls are all such that if they do this then we will discuss about it, why do they do it, how do they do it, how much is right, how much is wrong, what does the society have to see, okay then if you are the girl's father and mother.  See, you are a boy, see, you yourself are a girl, see, you yourself are a boy, see and comment with full heart, there are so many comments on my video, it is becoming the subject of so much discussion because I am taking credit for bringing the subject I am.  steel not taking  D credit and whatever I am saying yes wherever I say it has its value but I leave that topic of discussion because if you talk about your [music] then it is a different matter so let's start with the cases a lot are happening a lot are happening I am telling you this It's a big phenomenon, isn't it? I love you so much, there is so much real estate, there are so many flats, there are so many, there are so many, count ₹10,000, there are too many, it feels like a lot. More are 10000 meaning 4 people will live then 40000. If it is a city of 25 lakhs, if it is a city of ₹150 crores, if it is a city of ₹2 crores then what is the population growth? I try to give you a new perspective by putting the numbers in perspective. Yes or no in the beginning, if the wearing degree is doing only case 5 then it does not do 95 at all for various reasons threshold.  Didn't reach, did n't have courage, someone apologized, there was no proof, 1.5 crore reasons or catch someone, only 5 cases are being filed against someone, in this punch, I take one case, she is doing wrong, absolutely punch cases are being made, so do you think?  20% 30% 50% The case is bad and wrong, I will also tell him about the cases, that's why I was going somewhere, that's why I was going for such a thing, the video, so I am telling it because the person on whom it is happening is telling it.  so this is a false case  We haven't taken anything, read We haven't taken anything, neither a car, nor a plot, nor a flat, nor jewellery, I just brought these two or four clothes, we have taken nothing, so there is a problem [Music] As soon as you take a breath, you open your mouth.  She makes a taunt in every third sentence that the husband is being indifferent, how will it be proved, then you will say that it is a false case, but when this girl is told every month and 10 months about her gender that why I was born a girl, then a case has arisen.  It comes and when the lawyer sits in front of the case, he listens to the whole story of the girl who generally says that she has made life difficult and has not left anywhere, but brother, the case is of domestic violence, money etc., a simple line, okay this.  As many of our women watch this, it will definitely be a long video but it will be a changing video for the society. You have to watch it completely. If you come and go in the boarding bus and leave after commenting then it is of no use. Please my request. If you want to comment then please do so.  Please watch it completely, you are going to get a lot of clarity in your life on this thing, women are ours, they have a strong sixth sense, they come to know the feelings, is it a simple thing of a man, have tea with us, have a drink sometime. Hey, you spoke with us in a different way, you spoke with different body language that aggression and abuse are hidden in the body language itself and no one can prove the body language in the court and you people also know this. Now you are feeling shocked, you are trying so hard to speak straight, these are false cases, listen to me first of all, the system that was there in all these cases was deleted by the government and Reliance was misused in many cases.  If a dowry case was filed against them, then there was some law like this, let's take it, now it has been changed a lot earlier. So go to the lawyer, Google it, check, I think you think so, don't go with everything dirty, now the police does a preliminary inquiry, first they check whether it is correct if you said 'han', there is nothing to be done by raising your mouth, date it, number it.  Van number, you go to vote, whose truth is it, who will decide who is telling the truth, the boys will decide, we, who are very experienced, have less daily routine, they would have known by looking at their face in the first hiring.  Is it a different thing that they will go till then, you must have seen the picture which in the next B tells Joe the judge in the egg that I don't know on the first day when the case comes but I wait and the date is their rule.  But he sees it long before the hiring process, hey, if the parents are not capable of doing anything, then he ca n't stand it, then he would say, there is no need to call them, next time you see something like this.  System is very easy to say so I part  Off D, this fight is a professional way to settle the dispute. Girls are told that if you do this case once then your marriage will not be saved. This is a fact. What is the end result in it? What do people say because there is no punishment in it?  That's why they are called liars, but are they total liars? Are they not punished? If there is no punishment, there is no other minor punishment or anything else, there is an out of court settlement, one party files a case against the other party and there is punishment in that.  It did not happen but there was an out of court settlement, then if someone sees that 100 cases will be filed and the punishment was given at one place only, if it happened at three places, if it happened at 10 places, then people will say that if 90 cases fall, then this is how it has to happen. Neither was it anyone's fault nor was it the wrong one.  What you have to understand is that after the divorce of a girl, if I take her to the marriage market, her valuations fall, that of the boy also falls, but if it is a girl who has sued her in-laws.  Had filed a case against 6 in-laws, all of them were dirty but still next time when he marries someone or wants to marry someone, this thing will become an issue, that is, he also knows it, but why is she doing it in spite of him? You understand her pain, not only hers too.  Understand the pain, she says that he has given me so much pain, now in some cases, whether it comes out or not, I will go through it more than Himesh and that is Himesh, you know what is done inside the four walls of a girl and when She gets fed up, then she goes on the insulation, when she comes back to do it, then she was outside the four walls, now this boy part gets nervous, but I have to tell you one thing, listen carefully, I will tell you in long examples why you get nervous. This is what girls will do after getting married. In the case of dowry, the girls who were burnt, did the girls say that they will not marry because they were burnt? You knew that there were many cases in the society and in that,  There was no need to know if it is genuine or not genuine because the woman would have been killed hundred percent, here we are still discussing whether the boys are good, bad, good, maybe wrong, the daughter-in-law is wrong, this is a conflict among ourselves.  She is taking illegitimate advantage of the loss, by doing this you have to see that there is a system, a law is made when it is too much, it is not made, I will tell you with a simple example, what is the need, there was a time in India, there were such cigarettes.  Throwing it on your face, you sit in the Haryana Roadways bus. There was an uncle who used to do such things for the BDP. The woman is saying, don't drink. Yes, he is a boy, is he smelling, is he vomiting or is it too much, does he care?  It doesn't work and then many times other people say this dialogue, if you are doing Han then what is the crime, what is stereotyping, other people from Haryana and same respect are part of the country man are cute number in great number of  The ride is fine, it's fine with you and when they are told no, there is a crime worth ₹ 200, no smoking, this is the law, then people become silent, otherwise in the office space, a lady sitting in a well-educated suit with a tie, no.  Sitting on the smoke, the boss is smoking in style, control is the power, you are my smoke, taken out of my mouth, you are the sun, taken out from my land and favourite, you are also money, smoker, van, you are power, you are nothing.  You can speak, this thing is below me, the law is necessary so that as mentioned earlier, there are many men who do not even talk to women, there are many people at the place who do not talk to people of a particular caste and section of the society because of atrocity.  The Act has been imposed and they know that their thinking is so low that they will try to stop it, whether it is a woman or a person of any social caste and they will not agree without being told because they know that they cannot stop it.  If you choose then he becomes silent but  It irritates a lot when these laws, Visakha Guidelines, Atrocity Act, and Richard are fun because before that I will tell you an example, there is a boss who is running a company, harasses his employees, abuses them all.  Be it a woman, he misbehaves, says anything to anyone and asks and catches me, I am doing good for the company and this is not work if there is no law.  He will keep on doing such gateways, he will keep on doing so, but when the law comes such that if he opens his mouth, he will be punished, brother, this is the chilliness that the boys are feeling that why the nonsense is not being put to an end, why the law has come.  There is one more fact that the capacity of women to tolerate nonsense was so much in the 1980s, it has reduced a bit and now it will be so much that the entire society, all the boys and girls are facing great trouble because their  The women have said that these boys are their only sons, their mothers too have come with excuses, there are relatives, there are wives who are at the level of father-in-law, the grandfathers at the level of father-in-law are saying that friend, we have taken our women till here.  It is not the same problem, if you have fun at home, Basra, then you will not go into such nonsense. We know that the need to bear this nonsense which we used to give so much earlier has reduced. We know that we have read enough, we have read enough, you and me are one.  Tell me something else, all the boys who write comments, I want to ask you one thing, all the women of this world, say 'waste', whatever words you want to say to her, man, it is true for a minute, but the person you marry is very good.  If you have understanding, then what difference does it make to you that what girls do in the society, there are many men in this society who hate you, do you know what can be reduced, then all the women who say all this are men, they marry someone like this.  Don't you do it?  Make a difference, why have you taken the contract, how are the girls these days, how are they, how are they going to come in the future, this is not right, not good, you have got so many rejected lovers, you people are so jealous, why don't you concentrate on your life, make yourself so good. Make yourself attractive so that you don't have to face all these things while going ahead in life. Why don't you do this so that no one does anything bad to you. Your thought process is so clear that the boss can see whether the employee is male or female.  He does n't even look at her, at least he behaves normally and from within he had that hope, he doesn't fulfill his hopes, he doesn't care to talk to women and he doesn't have any opinion on women like this.  Because of the negative, he has control over himself, if someone comes, he will do it, he will talk comfortably, the one who does not have control, is a devotee and he knows that now this law will be wrapped in such a bad manner in the future, then why are you crying about the law.  Laws are made for the protection of children and women, they are more vanrable category of people in the society and if laws are made for them then no one is wrong and men are men, males are men and men are those who do very stupid things. Yes, but ladies are not being rubbed like this, why is their gender being reversed? I am not going to give at all that 1 2 3%, something must be wrong, you are the law.  It is made according to 9598% and those who are wrong are also big, once your car collides with someone, now it was your fault, his fault, whose fault it was, the date cannot be decided by the people who are involved, Sambadi D.  Very fat someone else will decide you are racing d issue of this only this is like this no why don't you listen from my mouth it is not my fault and you brother if it is so brother if  You do n't have faith in yourself that how will I behave, I have the ability to keep any women properly, you have already set me that Chakki will come to the house and if she opens her mouth then we will not toll rate.  And opening your mouth means a case, then you will remain distracted, do not marry, if your thought process which is 23rd and 21st century which is going on cannot be changed then it is not necessary to marry, the result will be all in all, you will give it away at home.  Or will you keep entering the house of your parents, there is a program to serve them, say a simple line, say 'Haan' or 'No' now and madam, you have a program to have children, will you do something in two-three-four-five years or you, that's my body, my  Decision brother, you are a professional person who is not anyone's friend and is asking questions for consultation fees and will give them the same answers. This is a very good marriage, it is happening on presupposition, so much has to be done and she will not give birth to children. Brother, she won't even have children, she won't do anything with mom and dad, she wo n't even do a job, and so on, why should I do that, so decide that, Primer, these things after getting married after three months, brother already.  Ask, even when you go to buy something, you ask how will it work, how much can you buy from it, what is its account book, what is its life, you ask something and take decision making, yes that. Things can go wrong even after reaching out to ask, I am not the only person who can live also but people don't listen so bad because ultimately they also know, their expectations are so high and this is the thought process itself, so how can I do this?  If I lie, you can tell a half lie. My behavior will be a little okay, no, I am a little liberal, no, my thinking is like this, I am like that, no, I am quite like that, you can tell a little bit of lie.  If it is not complete then you will lie, then you also know that a relationship is being built on lies, it cannot have a long life, you have to see that no one files a case in the court out of happiness, he does it out of fear and then when he Lady's money comes out, woman's money comes out, then they say, this is not money for money's sake, you have to digest the pain, you gave that money 510 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 50 lakhs, but you snatched away her life from her, right? on him  The one who got tagged as the diversity woman who filed the court case is never worth it, it is not worth it, it is not so shameless, now they say, no one man movies were made like this, which kind of thief, dacoit bride or do they become something by doing something like this? That criminals sleep in many places, don't make her a lot of extra plate that she is a bride, she is roaming around, everyone is considered a robber bride, it is okay, she is a robber bride, she is one, she is a robber bride and you can make all the ladies like this.  If you stereotype then the men have done the same things then nothing will happen to the man. Educated people are the most offered most of the society. All is well. Literacy is increasing now. So don't spread it so negatively to the girls who are in the society.  The courts have given the rights, they are doing exercises, what is causing you pain, no, they are being misused, so now you will decide, they are being misused, will the iron decide?  Wherever the government will decide, he is like a father in the family, he is not the father, the father is not speaking, there is a balancing act in the tee, only the balance is cut, everyone knows that there is a conflict, everyone knows what is being told, make allegations.  It is probably not that many but there is something, it is not that a man would be ready to destroy himself when there is nothing, meaning then there are cases of psychological issues. They may have happened, but they are point one percent, friend, they are not 50% and 80%, just coming and saying, 80% cases are false, nothing has happened, it means they have a hobby, Rakhi is for the girl's people also first.  So get married and then hey, you tell me this is the used tag of the society, it is applied on the girl, but no one does on the boy, otherwise it has become second hand feces, although it should be applied and efforts are going on to show this also.  She has the stool I am using this word not you habit derogatory effect I am telling as a reality I am no where suggesting that it is like this because in this also people ask and catch it is okay the girl is like this, society thinks like this I belong to this society  Now even a boy who gets into such a situation will have to think like this. Tag from Nobody Wants Just for you no taking any revenge which revenge brother did you have any enmity with you for 100 years  Was there nothing wrong with her, whatever actions happened at the time of marriage and after the marriage and after two-four-six months of marriage, there was trouble only, did you try to mold her in such a way that she was not ready to mold, just end it, so you first.  If we had decided this even before marriage, we would have told him, but what would have happened is that if we show our real face first, the marriage will probably not happen, we will gradually adjust later so that it becomes a compulsion, how will I tell you further. Do people talk like this?  He had established a home with his dreams, I too have been a man with dreams, I am also a man with dreams, no one is painting men as villains, but these things happen here, it is who has these expectations, the expectations of one party are not met by the other party.  Do n't just finish it and keep it by suffocation, you or you had some idea that there was a definition that this is how it will work and if it is not working then please do date conversation before date. That this is this or that intern, you play, you show your own and that in the society, no, I am telling the one who is saying all this, no, he is your relative, you have your own story, yes, listen to other's story also sometimes, four persons like Meena.  The one who listens to the stories of both of them, he starts thinking that this is your thought process, this is the reason why she will do so much, what is wrong with this, then will you expect so much, will she not even respect my parents? does  Yes, I am a boy, even if I don't do it, this girl will be fine. Thought process is messed up at the level. Competition is strong these days. If you do it, I will do it, I will do it, how much did you do, how much did I do, the scales do not move on the basis of relationship, however.  Yes, but you should clear these things first, no friend, and do not make this blanket complaint that this is so, all girls are like this, date is not right and proceed my opinion, how did you like this video, tell me something.  My video will be of 25 minutes but this 25 minutes video is trying to portray me as weak. For me, this is the kind of thought process and the next man's smoke is only there, he also sees the pollution of petrol too. What happened?  Happened, there is so much pollution, stubble is also being burnt, some more water is being burnt but no one is doing it because they are the only ones who ask what is crime, what is crime, okay, many things are crimes, law is made and it is very hot.  If you smoke, stop or chill, it always happens that you have to see that if you are right, the right people will collide with you, the right people will collide with your thinking, if something goes wrong, we cannot make it a rule, even a stopped clock shows the correct time twice a day. Even without moving, if it is switched off at 6:00 and her cell is out, she also shows the correct time twice a day, which means it is very good, so it happens many times, but it is real, but it does not tell her.  topic of topic and  Headline cannot be made, this basically wants to escape. Boys who have a program to harass girls like this only write respect vices on girls. One who has a clean man, one who has clear intentions, does not get so scared, but the one who doesn't care about himself.  There is no control, he knows, like who knows that the girl will be seen and I will check it, if the girl goes out at night, she is wearing wrong clothes, then call me, my definition is that she is wearing such clothes at night.  If it comes out, I will say, I can't control it, so if there is no law then brother, do you know what will happen even after there is a law? Do you know what happens? That's why laws have been made, if you don't have control, then  Brother, don't marry again, it is not necessary that I will not change my thought process, it is just doing this, he will not do that and this power struggle is going on in the Indian society, this is terrible and a lot of this is going on and only those who will be happy will come out of it. Sakini should not be in this debate  As for this girl is good, girls do matter, girls are good, boy is good, what does it matter, you see this girl in your life, how is she, I am telling you again and again, people are steel, don't you know it is like saying  The stock market is very good but I have bought Dewan Housing Finance, it is zero ok, it will end and if you go to motor jail then what is the benefit, you did well in the share market but your lion is over, the share market is not doing that well Sideways A  Used to be  If your stock is not increasing and it has become a huge multibag then you focus on yourself, go out and do socialism and these slogans and this Twitter, it feels good, does n't it, your individual frustration comes out, I love comments, jokes, come the rants, what can you do in that?  Yes, you see, there can be no argument with the lyrics because this person has been a prejudiced party based on his own life experiences and is trying to understand what is actually happening in the society.  I am not doing this and I will make videos in the future as well. I don't know which idiot has said that it is very difficult to understand women. I don't know. It is very easy to understand women in the society. It is very easy to understand. One needs a brain worth two paise. It is it.  From something like, the table of nines is very difficult. Hey, if you do not spoil your level with the table of twos, then the table of nines will seem very difficult, but actually what is difficult, what is difficult, it is difficult. Jokes History [Music] Aisa  It has been made complicated, why has it been made brother, it is understood very easily, one needs someone to understand, it will be difficult to understand very easily, there is a lot of predictability for ladies, if you want a video on this, especially for men, it is okay, not ladies, if men want it, brother.  We want to understand, let's go and see, so please write that you understand, we are juniors, why do women of such gender behave like this? You will understand, whatever you want, what kind of wish do you have?  What does it have to do with the fact that there are 15 women in your life and all of them are very good, that's it, what is okay with you, in the rest of the cases, other women should not do that, so many men, so many men, it is very bad, what is the man doing there, in this country?  What is he doing in this country? He is throwing bombs there, tearing apart and killing. So I will not marry. It is not like that. Women are practical and do not have brains. They don't say anything. They say that I look.  I am like what I get and I will get what I get.  So that's it, I hope you understood, you guys liked it, thank you.