Hello friends, today's topic is Under Stand This Concept, which gives unique content and the way you carry out the business of life that is changed forever. This is the one who stops watching my videos and who puts it in my play list. Science Intellectual Play List.  There is a lot of fun in it and very nice comment. It is a pity that the exact item item number type is not used. It is very good but if anyone comes then see the bribe. Comment scan.  Likes to the viewers are very-very, so I am very-very happy breaking discant, let's read today's lesson from this story, you have to understand well, this kind of content is not Lara, again and again I am saying hello many.  Sometimes I had to pat myself on the back, just tell me brother, listen to it completely and understand. Those who like it, please share it with like and it was written below that it was fun. Writing MSG is a code of its own and this is that MSG is written in all the vaccines. I enjoyed the short form of MSG once this year, Albert Einstein Albert Einstein, you all know, mostly everyone knows these various and famous scientists Accuracy Square  Albert Einstein was the Nobel Prize winner and there were weeks too, ok he was also a professor so in a university it is like an exam like a question paper is made, isn't it? Made a question paper and gave it to my assistant. Okay, I had to give it for printing, so now the assistant looks at the paper, I have taken a little, okay, satsang is coming, great man, big man and what is he doing, what mess is he doing, okay?  If yes, then listen, only if there is a problem, approach in SMS, Sir, yes, what is it, Sardar, this is a big mistake, I think you don't know, chemistry is fine, the question paper you are giving in this manner, isn't it? Exactly this was given last year, it is exactly the same, it is exactly the same, it is exactly the same, it is the same person, it is the same question, it is the same, it is the same, it is the same, it is the same, it is the same, it is the same, it is the same, it is the same, it is the same, the answer is the same, it is the same, the answer is the same, the answer is the same, the answer is the same, the answer is the same, the answer is the same, the question is the same, the answer is the same, the answer is the same, this is the thing, You, people, understand that there are questions in life, sleep is infinite, their answers keep changing, vegetables, family, old answers, okay, if you follow Einstein's question then  If we come to know that paper was last year's and we will write last year 's answers then it will be done because the science of life is dynamic and investment is also dynamic, a relationship is dynamic, job is also dynamic, the world is also dynamic, politics is dynamic and release in these too.  Everything is dynamic and change is increasing, so the issue of sitting and dropping up is so important to Sid that I have to watch videos many times.  I put something like this is a two year old video, okay, in it the thing was mentioned that is not applicable today that in terms of live investment to be a 234 alternative choice, its thing is that someone has placed curd in front of you and  Naseer Rakhi, then the choice is between curd and lassi, both are milk products, both are systems of one effect, but later now raita has also come, mud will also come, raita are also good methods.  Surely now you will not speak, friend, I too, this is okay, holiday support you of voices and time is in space, so like girls for marriage, 25 years ago, 30 years, 40 years ago, their true process or trees were different.  The decision question was the same, one to my question, even today I am you, but that shocked can answer, at that time the boys wanted some kind of me, today the girls wanted some kind of the same.  Investment is what work at this time not work know what is work in right now not work in rate features 200 it is getting a little deeper so tell me if you are enjoying because my work is teacher's work guru 's work is fine it will bring templates so  That You Know Dashrath Things Exist If you know that hey man this is true if the question paper of life is more or less the same Ansh  The changes are that the middle class is living in more comfort than the richest person who used to live in comfort eighty ninety years ago. In terms of hygiene and sanitation, Rafi is native, the account of cleanliness is fine, the system is still in place.  Are there ACs, are there cars, are there ships, are they from the company? Look at this. Today, even a person sitting at 9:00 would have been able to tell you. If you can see each other using a button for anything, then earlier everything was not there, now. How many recordings should you make? Send it somewhere. After some lectures, people should talk to someone. Just match. Answers will keep changing. 169 One of the answers. Don't get stuck for the question. Question essence. Moral sense. Brother, tell me the best. At the best, it will keep changing tomorrow morning.  West Is This Tomorrow Is West Is This Everybody's Best Key Definition of Which State How To It's a Very Very Very  Very dynamic world, okay, earlier they used to say that you do it with charcoal, 35 years ago Indian Team Indian toothpaste, how do these people do citycoal singh2 and choose our one, now it comes nowadays, our one has charcoal, okay, so that is the whole system.  Again it goes, okay, it is celebrated with pomp, earlier a snail wanted to sell something, then he said, 'Desi is also bad', but today is a different story, if everything had changed, life is always.  Changing 20 Flexible and Know the Best of Today and Was Likely to Be Tomorrow Notice Trends C Hawa Khidhar Hai C People's Three Points Where People's Thought Process Go Administered by Giving One Mantra Difficult to Understand This Investment Mantra is the Investments Nothing But  Anticipating is also anticipating of mothers or anti fisting. Google it. Please I hope everyone knows.  You may not know who you are by googling investment is gold investment, this is a rate of a good investor, this anticipating the anticipation of others becomes a second model, what do other people want to do, you are thinking of that first, do n't think of what these other people are doing.  If you think about such a situation then think about it first, then if you can do this then you well in like and share Better Relationships with Better Investment is Better Than  Everything will be better Decisions will be better for everything will be I hope you liked it please I have as many red ones in the play list see which one did you like best please write in the comment section which one did you like, did you enjoy it something or the other  Meaning, I came to know that the answer was that by becoming an expert myself in the matter of making videos to explain to the children around me that it is okay, I used to stop it only then other people would also share my videos.  Which is and etiquette is auspicious, I will tell, then if I forward it, my meeting will also happen. Okay, but increase only one subscription in your family, this is a request. Okay, please press the edible notification because now my 9pm videos are coming.  I will tell everyone in NDA at the end of the video that the videos of 9 pm will come to me, those thieves will be seen only for one to one and a half hours, so if you ever press the notification and get the video of nine pm.  If it is visible then you will not see it the next day, you will never see it again. The reason is that I have to put some such things for the welfare of my select subscribers, just like if a tuition teacher also gives tuition, then he wants his sun, doesn't he?  Do good, it's okay, he doesn't like people from other neighborhood or other school, then just understand it, thank you.