Hello friends, today's topic is never seen from an unknown place in Gurgaon real estate market. Those who want to buy something in their to-do list or have already bought it or are interested in it, what is the latest good thing for you in this real estate market.  I am telling you that this is ground related reporting. So listen carefully. We saw its first sample on 15th and 16th August and now the latest means today's latest.  I am telling you the hottest news in the market. There is a clear-cut seller's market, the customer is not used to it, its bills and two-three things, what is happening, I will tell you that, you have to understand it carefully, only then you will understand the thing in decision making. So earlier that witness was given to Cordes at 60 ultra luxury opposite of very renowned builders where it is close to double this is the checks showing interest and allotment to them due to their drama  It has happened that people did not get to choose even in a flight worth Rs. 4.5 crores and it was said that I want this or that, tell me whether I want this or not, tell me that all is ok, give me such a plate, or so I felt at that time that this  Maybe this project could be a one off thing but now this pattern has happened, after that within 3 days with intent 222 rounds, two more projects, one of both the listed players, one is absolutely number one type and the other is also a listed player of theirs.  There was so much interest in the projects that the builder folded his hands and put it down that the builder is not taking any more allotment, will give you the number and will give you the number, the meaning of setting stop, I was able to come in this much and understand the customers which is that police station.  It will be explained a lot that you will not get this one anymore and another good interesting thing is that the rate being mentioned and the payment plan being mentioned are getting better, so see it, then consider it as positive news if someone is saying so.  that your plan  Lately, the top line is coming out at Rs. 1535 which means paying less money or the rate which is coming out, tell me, it was gone, when going to the place, constipation is happening in this plane, it is a surprise, so this is the latest marketing and sales going on.  Let me tell you, there is something positive in it, there is something that I will not tell you that is negative, but there is something that you are not used to, you are not used to that you will be called and you will be quieted.  It has been repeatedly explained that the second ingredient is the number of employees of these builders which they were selling in their projects. So if their employers were, let's say, 15, then do not increase them to 40 because it is not that every month.  Now the response is that I am telling you that I have folded hands and want to subscribe and 147 323 504 and others. Subscribe 225 230 There are charts with it, so 101 1.6 Now it's time for those people who have given it, now what can it be for you people that any project takes time, whatever builder of your sister, the way you establish the system.  It is there, you will take two refundable, you will give one, you don't even take it, if you can find out, then you have come to Rara, first check the whole journey as per the regulation, without staying.  You don't do it and something okay happened in the application forms of the system. You will be called back on stage on a property dealer date. So it's something like giving you something which is refundable. If you don't understand then take your back but  If you are not there for some time and your number is not being received then you will not even be called and then that thing will go away and you will keep thinking that it is expensive, expensive. First of all, the thing which was told to be of ₹ 100 is worth ₹ 197.  It turned out to be 98th and it turned out to be 93.5 which payment plan will tell you, whatever you thought was right, it was very good and he gave it, he was impressed and the rest, if you showed interest in the beginning, he tried to keep his mind as a handkerchief, later he will see that my  Do you understand that it is very important to watch that too, it is a Friday movie of something and you are getting tickets on Tuesday and if you take bath in the movie hall on Friday then you will get money also.  But if you watch this movie on Thursday evening or on Friday morning, you feel that Bhaiya is standing at the Yagya window from the world that everyone will cancel and no one will come, then I will get a ticket, give me a coconut time there in you.  Friend, the movie is looking fine and suppose you are not getting the response as you thought the movie was, then you said brother, return my ticket, return this money to me, I am not looking for tickets, tips are quite simple but this time.  To 9 July 18 I have never historically seen so many real estate units in the month of August-September. Over the years, this quarter has always been the quarter with the lowest sales. There are four quarters. Jain, this month there is a surge in landings.  There is Diwali bonanza and gift wait in October, November-December and it is good to do good. It is okay. April-May Dubai is set up to the maximum in July. Okay because in I you will see that by the way it rains in Pitru Paksha. Okay.  If you have then subscribe this, subscribe this, this is what will come out in October, you people will get to know this, builders are never coming and bringing this and the way the scene is in so much demand in the market, if you liked this video, please do it Meghnad. Take it, you are tracking the number, so you guys have said this, nothing is happening against it, it means you have not been created for that, wait, our response is much further, we will tell you later, above.  Even if it is told later, only 10, 12, 15 lakhs will be generated. Do you understand that the whole game is based on the launch of Ajwain that now phase-1 has received so much response, I have received so much from this one, so now I will definitely do the second one, then I will give it to you.  I will give you the same as at one time in India for scooters and artists too, in 1919 etc. you used to have a waiting period of several times, now everyone is able to understand how much the supply is, not as much as it seems.  It was believed that whatever will be built will be built in 2 3 4 5 years and as soon as the maps of affordable housing are coming, more than that, now it is doing number plates and wherever people are getting the price point, justified ticket price is fine.  It seems like the payment is going to be Rs. 1.5 Crores is the lowest. The new normal price is near Tubelight One thing is normal. People were willing to buy it, now the market has mentally reset. In something worth 1.3 to 7.5 CR, the forest officials are matching this point with the exact figures of 1.2515 meaning this is the new to-do list. I will also tell people according to it if you want or not in demand now.  No because subscribe the channel and you will prepare it yourself, so these people are this, you are this, then Meghnad, if you want then C, put the calculation here, anyway I  I have done it 12 times before, you will have to find the videos and want to get it done in a new way. If you want to do the latest one again, then I will do it again and tell you. It is in the market now. What is the message, what is the summary of this video, what you need to implement, death is on this side.  Searching You have to 9 There is no one behind you, you die yourself, you have to rise to heaven, you have to come, you have to fill the application, you have to do your own system, you have to ask and from within you have to show passion.  The recharge was done while sitting, not like many people like Noida, Ghaziabad, different parts of Delhi, Pritampura, Rohini etc., like that, will bring it here first, we will tell you and see, you will think that now you will not get calls again, this has changed in the market, you will feel that it is not good. So there is no need, this is not being listed, tell me the calls that came with the first 50 calls, piece after these 50 were forwarded, they felt some shortage in the frequency, tell me this.  The videos that are posted are also less and not only change after a few days, not only do you not tell, but you are also feeling this because there is no benefit in telling, as much as there is a loss in not giving. Earlier, I used to go on saying that builder is university lakhs.  If you sell it at Rs 60 per cent, then it is a super hit because that project will be built in four years, even a small low rise project will be built in this year, so he has time, why release all the other entries on today's date and the market is growing.  threads  Either of the birthday where he has a hit of 50 comfortably in his hand, he is already oversubscribed, on the launch, there will be plenty of choice notifications soon, now his employees have so much more time, now in real estate because this response cannot cover so much, so which  -If you are interested, you are not able to understand on the call, you are not able to understand, you are not feeling right, then you are trying to tell this, then you are not feeling right, you are thinking wrong, the size of the room is good.  I have such a desire to add this dead body, I do n't feel like depositing it for 10-15 minutes. Do you understand why I don't mind? Because things are coming out at a fast pace in the market. When things are coming out, I have an offer for my subscribers. Under my destruction, I explain it with great love. Please explain it well. I think you have understood and enjoyed it. Please write below. It has been explained very well. I am asking two-four people to write about making the penis longer.  Can  There must be someone who has done so much, you have done so much, you have had dinner, consider it a small fee, if you like it, then if you force me to write now, then many people join, I explain it very well, I press the window, I take them to the window shopping market.  It's a lot, I am wearing school dress at the window, I am fine, investor and end user, I am roaming around, actually pick up the car and get it written, ask me, so if you are an end user, investor or window shopper, you can add me on the number given below for updates.  on various  Projects Some projects value for the project is still there where it can be taken comfortably where there is no noise at all Mishra and in five seven eight days we will finish this program and very lucrative that for me that person is true friend person journey me if you  Want to attend the webinar please, I will cover it. If it has been posted before then it is a different matter. You may not have heard of it. You may not subscribe. If you are looking at that product for the first time, then check it out because there are many products which are there, the program is ready made, it is a surprise for you.  I am seeing the possibility of subscribing to water, there too, you are happy, you have to WhatsApp me and wherever and Udayveer Vishal do Indore too is fine, so you can come once and see it, like suits do not come, ladies can't even see which one.  If you liked the suit or did not like it or did not give it, at least you will know the rate because those who say that the rate will keep increasing, will increase and supplied, note down the rates in your diary and everyone keeps saying that they are increasing so much.  Or if it is increasing, then keep saying, wrong, it is increasing, keep saying, but do your homework, note down, then find out, Khan and the circle rate has been increased in Ghaziabad, the government is increasing the circle rate by suppressing it, okay, the government also knows, does this woman in the market?  And Khan Katori is working out, so here is some story which she is pasting in the micro market in Gurgaon. If you want to understand friend, why projects because now these ones are closed. They say brother, we don't need them, we have enough, so what is there in the market now, now if you want to see the ghat, then every one is worth seeing, the value complex is two value pics of different locations, which you will understand more John, you can  Go for the then ₹ 2 location, two different builders, both of them, both of them, both of them, lips were made in both of them, something was made, meaning, what do you have to do for such appointment, WhatsApp to WhatsApp number, people will get notification information, subscribe to understand.  If you keep writing diary, then it was so many days ago, subscribe today itself, then you will see what Jhaal says today about Poly Medicure and how big it is, ok honey, Poly Medicure juice became constant, don't set the Faridabad one, today's rate increased, what does it do, why?  Is it ok to know by how much percent it has increased? Ok, I am giving an example of a share, so it is not an investment advice. Ok, subscribe, so let me give you a little example.  Recommendation to give before investing in share market, only then you will know if it is very good, then before buying also, you will do it in the market, check whether there is management, whether there was greed earlier and you will say hello to your father, will you not recommend? If you have caught a shift, then you will check something.  It will be understood that the list will be prepared in the same manner. This is correct, I am giving because Rishi does not make any report of real estate but of the project, what is the validation, what is the builder, what is the location.  What kind of fall story is being played out, will there be pricing, all the worlds will do something like this, meaning more cars than Scotch, brokerage houses, each has its own list, separate report of 10, 12, 15 stocks in every month, fifteen hundred reports in the market if there is peace.  They come every month and the world is described as black. Read, understand and do. In the obscene state, we are in ribbon bread slices and number one development. The same learning of stock market and real estate should be approached in the same way.  Because with that, your validations are cleared very well. Please type the previous one, it is ok, that is the end of WhatsApp Road, People Don't. Now we will start writing in the comment section. How will you get something in the comment section in Vipin Vipi, will you write here or will you not ask me to write? I am in the comment section also, you can watch it, even after my refusal, those who are listening now, enjoy watching, go to the comment section, you will get OTP, watch the full video, everyone said Vipin, wrote in the comment section and went away.  You are not going to get anything and you have to WhatsApp, everything is fine thank you.