Hello friends, this is a very important and interesting topic, it may be a little futuristic but you have seen the trend of my videos that I tell things, if the trend plays out, then the topic is a new struggle of Indian middle class, predicted trend has already started. But it is going to move forward, if you identify with it then type the ID, if you have seen it around, then definitely tell me, this is my core audience which is upper middle class and  Middle middle class rich have seen this struggle and have corrected it or are doing it. So what is that struggle? Yes, this struggle is the biggest struggle in life. If the struggle ends and the crying ends then how will you live your life.  We are understanding that we all have a middle class which starts from the bottom, lower class, then lower middle class, then some middle middle class and that one goes from middle middle class to upper middle class and their likes too. Definition What I am saying is that when the actual sorrows of your life reduce, the struggles reduce, then the middle class will have to learn how to live. This is a big struggle because stories are written of struggle. Any story of happily ever after?  It is not there, you see the fairy tale, see Cinderella, Cinderella had a struggle, there was a step mother, there was sorrow, the prince came and something good happened, there was romance and then they lived happily ever after.  After then there is no story, then we don't know the end, even in the movies they show The End or earlier there were English movies or you must have heard all the stories like And They Led Happy Ever After, no one is taking these stories forward because  In real life, we have reached such a situation by mistake because what is the problem, the new generation is better off than the middle class which is going through a different struggle, but the middle class is in that situation.  The generation is being pushed to start from the same place from where they started. This is the biggest problem because they really don't know that if they have money then they can hire a driver. If a maid is a sweeper, then a cook is a good cook.  Which can be kept quickly in summers and you cannot repeatedly tell your wife to bring coffee, now bring this, it means a servant, this is also a fact. I am telling you that you are a rich family. In old age, many middle class people become rich because what is the definition of rich? If you have a lot of money beyond your needs, then you are rich. There is a simple definition, if your needs are so much and you have so much money, then you are rich.  What I am saying is that Indians do not know how to take happiness, we are experts in taking sorrow, we must be getting our wish somewhere, we will keep taking it like a flying arrow, it is within our country, it is in our DNA, if there is any sorrow anywhere, we will bear the sorrow. We are magnets, we are not less in the happiness index, we call some such reports fake, when the report makes us feel good, then we become good, it has to be like this in the happiness index that I am in some trouble, isn't it?  Let's take it that my work is to increase happiness. Brothers and sisters, I am the story writer of Happy Ever After, now that Happy Ever After has happened, now how to run, I have to live because after that there will be Happy Ever After too.  One cannot live without tension because you are so used to stress every day, and what happens when we reach the middle class? Look, there is a difference between the family rich and the new generation. Look, when we go towards 5 trillion dollars, then our  But there is capita income, if it increases then wealth and all this glory has to increase, Lakshmi ji will come more but we have to be mentally ready for that too, food and clothing will rise above the house, country and mental issues are more.  Now we have to address not physical issues, which is today's new generation people, they have to address things in mental plane more than physicality, because there was a time, water is not coming, electricity is not coming, there is no water for bathing, good hot water.  Do it on the road, then do it like this, not this, then go there, go like this, now those things are getting sorted out, they are getting better, so how to live life, this is an abstract topic but today I am telling the struggle.  If we come to know because whatever trends I tell are published in newspapers after 6, 10, 12 months, we you will know that I heard it for the  Very first time a good article will come, in these six months English will be good but we have to start preparing and start executing. We need our role models who like What do we care if we become rich by mistake, something happens with time, something good happens in life, then instead of enjoying where we are, this happens to us because our social conditioning is that it is not.  It's too good to be true If I'm snatched away I'll be sad So from sadness you get into a domain of meaning You reach into a system of anxiety What is it now? My sadness has reduced but now my  If the sorrow is reduced then I can be happy but if my happiness is taken away then there is anxiety then when people below look at you they say that money cannot make you happy, it is not everyone's art to know how to take happiness from money. There are some types of give and take models. I will try to take the name of one half that is not visible. Look, that Elon Musk of the rich people is so rich but he seems like a heel type. Even Bill Gates's wife cheated and did this. Now his whole life is over. It's okay for him too.  something like that  I don't think that I should do it then when I come to my India and look at anyone, I think Narayan Murthy, Sudha Murthy were looking good but I don't know that these are also 70 hours middle class dozen like them, it's ok to show them your good 70 hours week and you keep going.  And keep grinding the mill, role models are not seen properly, the one I like the most is Mukesh Ambani ji, there I think Nita ji has contributed a lot.  A balanced man who also wants growth, who looks like Anpol Jetik is taking pleasure from money, is also growing, is also humble, is also quiet, so that means a little bit. How much can we learn from this because Mukesh Ambani is on him. Pe to kuch sikhane walaala aa nahi raha na uski life story na kuch par When you look at his face you release a lot of spirituality on his face Yes he is extremely rich I know what  While I am speaking, it seems to them that yes, it can be done, that means the family can be kept together and expenses can be controlled, growth can also be done and the children have already been divided into different departments.  Give them so that there will be no further troubles in future. Inheritance can also be shown like this and if we are actually that rich in life now, then we are not getting rich, none of us, you are listening to what I am saying. But what I am trying to say is that if money is coming, then spend it. Who will tell? Children will tell their parents, ' Dad, Dad, Mom, spend it, don't spend it anywhere, I do n't feel like it, wear good clothes, take me somewhere.'  Don't go because if you don't want to go anywhere then you don't even need clothes. Okay, eat something brother. We are not allowed to eat all this. It's good that all this is not eaten. You don't need clothes. You don't need to go out for a walk. Otherwise, you do n't have any good home. So brother, now this is all.  the neighborhood is  This is fun, we will die here. Okay, you did not want to change the house, you did not want to travel, you did not go, you took the clothes, you did not do this, okay, if it is all done, then give us the money, okay, take the money from us now, okay, you are not left with money either.  Children, just enjoy, you are understanding what I am saying and if you listen to me with your mothers, those who are 30, 35, 40 and those whose mother is 60, 65, 70 are also listening, hey mom, some help.  Oh no, I have so much work, so I yes, we know that you need a purpose in life, I know that you need a purpose in life, you also like cooking, but out of 30 days, you are fine for 202 days but only five to eight. For the first nine days, you have pain in your ankles, pain in your bones, cold, arthritis attack or headache, your health deteriorates, ladies problem is there, none of your  There are 50 issues and then you don't feel like making them, then you think that at least someone should come to help us. Hey brother, do you have money, those FDs are lying there, leave them, they will not go up, there is no provision. Because we are telling our next generation that we will leave you for you, you will not leave us, what are you talking about, we will leave you, whether it is a mirror or a heart, it breaks. Brothers and sisters, no matter how much money it is, it is left behind. Had there been some provision that a draft would have been made in that bank and it would have gone to the next life in the form of crypto currency and then the parents would have left it instead of taking it, then everyone would have been clapping.  If someone can't take it and goes, or if he takes half of it, he leaves half of it, then you can't even go with the twenty-four rupees, so you will be left here, now how can you leave it, time passes, it cannot be for the next generation, this is how the time of the next generation is passed.  Take  So do it like this son, daughter-in-law, daughter-in-law, whoever does not come to meet us, no, are you busy in money, okay do it like this, we will give you money, come and meet me, come and meet grandparents, it is the birthday of the one who comes to meet me, I will be found here.  I am addressing those people who have money, which is my core audience. Those who are sitting with money can be jealous of money. Well, what are these relationships? These are relationships of money. Yes, relationships should be maintained only with money. that too very great  Achievement is, in the greed of your 'i', your grandson comes washing clothes, that is also a big thing, even then there is no next one, what will you do then, what will happen, getting happiness from money is an art, not everyone can do it, because you have to keep grinding for the rest of your life.  The money earned so hard is not left out now. Hey, spend it on yourself. Don't spend it on yourself. Don't spend it on your loved ones. Don't spend it on yourself. Neither would the house have been upgraded nor would the curtains have been better.  Neither the chair is good nor anything beyond that, the cloth is good, apply some good cloth for the ass, apply it like this, make it smooth, it looks like this, it is fun, something is fine, it is a good place, do something, extinguished lamps are becoming the end and this is what is happening with the middle class.  These are the ones who come and say, I have to take your name again and again and when I say the name, I will say Varik Varik, now the artificial intelligence is sitting like this, it will not think in the video that its like this.  I am not appreciating, don't put an ad, he will put an ad in that too, okay, that's why I tell everyone, 5 out of 5 phones get youtube1, you will never have to watch any ad, you will never have to watch so many hours of youtube4, father, mother, wife, children.  Put it on someone and they will tell you to sip it, then you save the coffee in Starbucks, then save it there, then save it like this, no one will tell you, by saving all this, your nature will become such that when  That money will be collected, it is not worth anything because it is not ultimate but if you have this much money then you will get freedom from that bad job again, you will get financial freedom and it will never happen again, this is what I want to tell you, you can take that freedom even today.  You can do some other work in which you can earn money and no one is teaching that because it is taught for free. I discuss and talk about all these things. You can take platinum membership of the channel.  You can join the Subscriber Info Group which you feel is right for you. In the coming time, this coming Sunday is probably from 25th February, in this I will talk about how to get a good job and how to use Lincoln.  There is a template, beyond that I am doing a webinar, so you can go to the number given below, if you want to join, then those who are worried about jobs, whether they want to upgrade or not, want to change, do not crack the interview.  As for the corporate, do not come to the government job in the corporate sector, in the corporate sector, someone wants to increase the package, wants to do something else, it is for the corporate employees, whether they are employed or not, because after upgrading, they are deprived of life.  Taking pleasure is a big thing. There is no fun in grinding one's own grind. Growth is something that all of us should look forward and be optimistic about in the desire and not be fulfilled then you should.  Enjoy it also: There are only three things of wealth. The first work of money is that the biggest work of money is enjoyment. If you can't enjoy then donate it like the US people do, otherwise it will be destroyed. There are only three things.  Enjoyment with money, charity, destruction, destruction, destruction, destruction, I am a lion, no one wants my money to be destroyed, either enjoy it or donate it to others. Charity is not such a big charity, we are the most of us, so donate it to our children. can also be done  Isn't that a la Poot Kaput Sab Dhan Sanchay, this Poot Kaput Dhan Sanchay video also, if you guys want then please put it in the comment section, this will also be made for you. How did you like this video? Do share it, write in the comment section. Thank you very much.  mech