Hello friends, there is a new amendment of Haryana Government which according to me is very good and can be game-changing. Just as Shekhar Gupta ji does a cut back letter, similarly I will do a cut back letter and analysis of Gurgaon Real Estate General Real Estate. After thinking, what will happen if this comes, what do you think about this, please write in the comment section, then listen to what happened, yes, the builder had to make EWS plates on his own.  Ten percent in the society, you all know that if thousand flats are built then they will make fennel. She was running the college while tweeting that policy. Subscribe Subscribe Like and if the cost is less then she will get the government to do something quiet on it.  Affordable housing note from someone is a big thing if you are busy. On the other hand, keep this in mind that suppose you do not want to give, then what you have to do is to pay ten percent of your project.  We will give more money to the Wealth Government and appoint Urs, otherwise I do not want that I will have to pay money as per the circle rate of Rs. 1, then we will discuss it now. I understood it very well that you should look at it carefully now. Whatever comes your way, do n't take it on moral state grant. I am very appreciative of this government action and this government also seems to be a practical government related to the land. So about this. Normal government seems to be very loud, EWS is doing this kind of thing. Ad fact, there is no economically weaker section in Gurgaon. Go to any society and see who is playing for the premium of Rs 1.5 lakh. Do you know how much the rent is, in Rs 20 to 30 lakh.  Treat, if you know, then he used to sell his after seeing one and a half lakh, its applications, everything is fine, now this 9 mother was the lowest place to speak now tweet comfortable.  Housing is in its destruction, that's why this thing was covered in the videos. Many people felt sad that if there is affordable housing then you are speaking for the poor, now it has become official, step in the government, now step down from possible housing to legal. Anyway, the government has made it illegal, but in legal terms, if the power of attorney is registered, if the power of attorney has a Japanese electricity connection and if one gets a home loan, then it has already been given to the people under the affordable housing policy.  It was said that the one who is driving Alto today, the one who will drive Antony after 5 years, the one who will play 562 album, the one who is driving a bicycle or a motorcycle, similarly this migration has happened towards now, now I was looking at the rates of big builders.  From what I know, after the launch of two-three months, they were looking very grown up. I couldn't believe why they were increasing the rates, but the builders also have an idea of how the policy can go, so now their cost is at least  Now the premium will increase as those who take out a plot worth Rs. 2.5 Crore will buy the line according to me, yes someone got hurt, read it is small and if there is an access road from there, then they will give it to the government, then the project of Deendayal people will go to your Deendayal people.  Among the points, Deen Dayal will give them to the government, according to me it is fine and the very premium AC is two tier and that is why I say one and a half, two, two and a half-three. Now the builder will take the flat worth Rs 45 crore and if he gets a love, will it be made by Bigg Boss because the total S8 is limited that if 1 lakh can be made left then 1 lakh can be made Rafi if it has let's say 25000 square.  Feet was going inside from W so now he doesn't know that he can sell normal then how much profit and loss is he getting, that calculation has been a matter of chairmanship but now you will not have that brother.  This friend is your interview spacing, this tower itself is double, so that cream will go to every tower and this is my idea and request to the developers that if this is done then whatever one you are building.  Now, that would not have been very common because it was a one-room apartment in a tower with a kitchen and bathroom in a big chunk of 200 to 220 carpet area. And if it had been so, then subscribe to me to convert these two into a studio apartment. Subscribe because you will look very good. There is a very good demand in the market. I want it because the quote is available in the entire market. 26 27 28 lakhs. Certainly 128 phase test from Deendayal. One crore Deendayal had come. Six lakhs were subscribed. According to this, now you like it. Subscribe, that younger brother will definitely not come in the coming days, so if there is one cup left here from 15  Can subscribe, want to stay in car parking, swimming pool, club, school, I have an office meeting today, it is perfect and the size is small, so that segment is first you feel like a product, if it is, then in my opinion, 2153 Electronic Car Festival was the definition of a government of  Till India, it can be flexed above 25 which makes something weird and if you do not subscribe then where well made and properly subscribed, but  Government Ne Ko [Music] Subscribe Was After That When School That She Is Now Down Could But November The Best Selling Similarly Something Like This Is A You people say that the thing is difficult Take this money and that this Ko Subscribe  Don't forget to do and subscribe to the government on subscribe and the thing about doing that is that if you come in this then it can happen and in between that subscribe and their  Even in the attire, it is of a different kind that I am Singh Hair Zoom, this is my belief, my research has shown that when the government here removed the label of EWS, the developed system is at a standstill but the distraction is poor, that label has given the custom of not running the Tata Nano car.  It was not because it was made for the poor. Nobody was replaced with the poor and the poor. Nano car became the government of the middle class, that madam, subscribe, subscribe is a very big thing.  In 990, now the school means I have called, I have to join hands, all of you friends are closed today, it is okay, so to get down to come to the house to change like this, it takes the alarm to open the bonnet of the car, that is the minimum but one.  So nowadays, plumbers and whoever comes to the house, if you ask Rs 500, he will come, he will also be given the address and the work will be handed over to our friends. If Salman can ask, then this is doing value without integration. It is going up in migration and value chain, so this is a big development and there will be more thinking in it, but as much as I can tell right now through a video, I am telling that the top brands have extras, they are luxury ones.  She will not have to make it, she can easily increase her pricing to ₹ 2000 square feet, anyway she started kissing and now this pimple is centimeter, this is single religion, this is continuity in class to go up in price.  2729 person tight container, this is just a decision that they will get a lot of feasibility in their usage project. What had to be done in designing it was that it had to be installed in North facing Pune from W, access to it had to be given from somewhere, that was their affair.  The area line loss and the clip which is relative to the racing things of an architect will increase further. Now I have to do this with the existing bodybuilders who have not been made EWS. Okay, so what is their status? This will have to be checked, any one of you can check and tell Regrets for Beginners Producer Funding of information is fine, fund in crowd sourcing and information which is existing which has not been made, if the position of W1 has been made then nothing can happen but  Those which were being built, did they give money to the government and the EWS block which has been built and has not been finished, has not been positioned, has been droned?  If he doesn't get the allotment, can he convert it into a studio apartment? Well, the second thing to find out is that the one whose pit is dug, can he do this right now? So this thing too, because if Nivedita goes, then I would like to know.  It may seem logical, but it is possible because the amendment has come, so you see like this, now what is the problem, then from now on, you will see an increase of 8 to 9 percent in the price of the new year number in two months, which I I make videos, let me tell you, don't take it lightly, within 2 months things get published in newspapers, you get to see them first because after 2 months, some guy from Economic Times, Business Friend, Hindustan, this one, that one or someone from your TV.  If the channel is analyzing it after 2 months, you get things like hot puris and hot jalebi samosas. Subscribe to the channel, like and share and share with people. Information and  In this way, as you keep coming in, how will you feel in the fastest way, in this way you can click some positivity that yes, I feel like this, you have forgotten this point, add this one also, these things.  This will push this or this or one man thing or something else you can think, these were busy, graduates will increase, affordable housing existing demand will increase and because if there are more Shudras then now for cut in this way  Went towards Subscribe from where 1234 licenses were issued this year and started asking more and Subscribe were thinking of staying in straight line parcel from there and in the coming time that you will have to go towards Deendayal, then it is also visible from this because  Who had become comfortable that yes, here I am, I have been appointed, released that Britain, it is coming from Tata and society where you will feel that man, what has happened, I am so comfortable.  If you are not feeling then Noida you will buy Deendayal and this Vikram Pandit Deendayal in the country, Gurdas in Lucknow, believe it which you have not in the idols in the current news channel, I will give one more detail above in the subscribe value migration, I will give it inside the subscribe itself.  If you subscribe then something like this is happening and now you have stopped sharing.