Hello friends, a lot of books, literature and video lecturers have been written on decision making. You do not agree to tell it to your audience and one very good thing you told or did not tell is that when you have to take a decision, it gives you such an easy solution. Whenever I do such consultations, I help in decision making and I have a separate channel called Clarity for Youth. If you have not subscribed then please do so.  A very nice list of mental models is being made. I am explaining decision making and mental tools and mental models in it with great technical quality and well. Because many of the children among you are not able to go to Hi-Fi and MBA. Infect there is no one there too. You are also very very clear about it. Okay, so today I am going to tell you in a very simple way about the decision making of whether to marry or not.  I want to buy this, should I invest or not, I will tell you about this job and why it should be done, but if you are getting excited after listening to this thing that I am going to tell you in one line, then like the video.  I write after pausing so that I think that I don't mean that I have awakened this kind of passion, if I haven't awakened it, then the answer is yes, it is very easy in life, whenever you are not able, you decide and  Anything answer is no, I will repeat again, discuss, should I marry this girl or not, not decide, then the answer is no, should I marry this boy or not, not decide and that is one level to decide from the available input.  After taking all the things, you found out which family the boy belongs to, where is his job, saw the photo, saw his face, talked to him, found out how he is talking, he is doing whatever you took to be similar to the girl.  Similarly, you may have asked about the job, this is the payment plan, this is the price, if even after getting the information you are unable to take a decision, then the answer is no, the answer is no, it is 50-50 but what happens in this is that many times What is the catch in this? In this advice, this blanket advice is given but there is a catch in this too, what is the problem, sometimes what happens is what is your capacity, you are not able.  Decide anything generally answer for you is not only then nine you will realize that yes answer is no, don't marry this girl, do n't buy this house, don't do this job, if it is a no everywhere then that means you don't know how to do decision making, then that.  My decision making tools and mental models are Per Journalli If You Are an Above Average Person You Are Able to Generally Decide After Taking Whatever Things Come in  Your picture, because what is there in everything, I will tell you the biggest thing about decision making, like why do those who sit on big posts get so much trouble, they get the power of decision making, then even a donkey will take the decision, but in our life.  What is it that we have to take decision making only in a level of uncertainty, we never know anything 100% and where we know hundred percent then that decision would be  Neither the girl nor that girl is available for marriage, nor that property is available, nor that job is available, nor that thing is available, it is the first thing, also remember that where decision making will be very easy, there will be no opportunity. Also remember, this is also a big catch, you understand that thinking has to be done, where decision making is difficult, life is juice, you decide, then you will study to learn the tools for that, you will improve the quality of Decision Making And You Understand D Input Thoughts Coming And Ye You Are Not Able To Take On Decision Making Skills Overnight Key Today I Improve Text Time Three Months Six Months Nine Months Year Practice That Looks Okay But Is If Not  If you want to know then the answer is no, remember this is simple, very simple, okay then please like, share the video and tell me if you agree with it so simply.  Could have explained, had you heard this before? I request you to bring a lot of original content. Please like, share with each other. Thank you very much.