That Hello friends, I have got a new interesting, I have got to clear my course, B, many schools are visible, 35 crores, 50 crores, because now you who are my audience, you have access to the buy school button, consultation on the information resource, if you  You get a chance to do this in valuation, that is, why are so many schools selling your notice, what is this new train, so I have brought this thing for updates, which will bring enthusiasm in schools. Hai Dev Release's Daabi After Mute The future of schools is in danger If you are running a school today I am going to give it to you guys and you tell me is it right otherwise tell me whether my child or your child  Someone's child goes to school, he studies in a special class, let's say he is in 8th class, someone's time is separate, his math teacher is very good but his English is average, this neighboring school is the best in English.  If the school fee is good then if you want to study Social Science in the fourth school then you can send him to one school. If you cannot send a child to four schools, then time print him and start infrastructure-building gradually.  The teachers will lose their relevance, now their time has come. If you are a teacher and you are listening to this video, then I have very good resources to take you to a bigger place. You and I, for this, if my  good response So if on this the married to teacher and this teacher is watching this and you are the mother students then the parents are coming then you have to see that now the value of Guru will start coming again from the school Hafiz when has this game become too much  That's a lot of money, the money goes to the teacher, the teacher remains limited to ₹ 2000 in 2025 and the school fees for one child is kept at rs. 25000, big ones. Otherwise Part 10 12000 is already widely used in schools, so these media which have come with the advent of internet, its democrat democracy will increase in this thing, Meril, if this is a student and this is a teacher, then if they are directly connected, then this middle school will take me to school.  There are so many of them, there will be no need of eye serum, after changing the alloy drop in five years, he will take less into it, he will meet people, his personality will be developed, he will sit in school first.  Who will go to the bus, who will hang, who will catch hold of the bus, how much time has been restored for the children, how much time has been wasted for the children, so will the children go to zero school, I am not saying this, but I want to tell you that there are so many people in the schools who are in the nursery.  When the child goes, if you know, do your side, let me tell you an extreme example, it is okay to comment, it takes 15 years to go from nursery to 12th, okay bring Rs.15000 and spend it every month for 15 years.  Ok, if you do a gang at 15% then it will make one crore. 15 15 15 This formula is correct, so if you put the child's name and after the meeting tell him whether we have studied properly or not, then he should take this crore. Kick start Mila turned 17 in twelfth and she got ₹ 1 so this is again more than this I settled in 15000 look at her school dress In the book of those who talk about uniforms, unnecessary stationery and administrative staff, if they go to unauthorized places then I don't know where they will be and I am not giving guarantee of job after 12th and now the money that will be given in the society and education has to be 668 will not be done.  Which question is very important education is so very important dena robert bhai from it's only bhai that point to that school  By giving an example, it is necessary but what are they teaching in 4th, 5th, 6th, 8th, 11th and 12th class? No matter how big it is, he is saying that tuition is also being paid, whatever is being paid, Akash Prakash has also taken them, rest of the things are also being done by him. Is that a child and if there is any harm in the end then we have to question, this thing is the teachers' bottoms, education is very important but how skin is advised that Education Debt is going to change, so those who are now giving birth to children, who cannot do anything even if their picture is taken as an accused, this question in CBSE board class is gold, change in a big way, the need for certificate should come today.  The one who is coming inside the job that he cannot communicate, can subscribe and cannot do it, well, everyone knows that get it written, take pass number, take three number, take two number, jobs in the market.  There are a lot of them but the training and suitable people for those jobs are very less and the people willing to employ them are very less, then they are completely hungry in the market, which means the jobs are also external and jobs are not available and speak very poor, the education system in education is the only money maker.  In today's days, where you are given money and the performance is also positive, otherwise you go somewhere and if you have to perform a function, if you are given money, then it is the responsibility of the confectioner or the responsibility of the cricketer. Go anywhere The Moment Friends Money Every thing is that the day after tomorrow Responsibility 250 Product School is the only thing that your child will come to me and I am in school then I can tell him that if his marks are not good then he will give money to you. You will not ask for money back from me. If the builder does shoddy work then the problem will go from Rs. 50 to Rs. 6. It was not given to me but how can I give the option to your child as per his wish and if he does not do well then I will give the option to your child.  Like, I will declare that like you, like mine, one of them got into IT, that one of mine, that one, your child, like you, not bringing this one of mine to the gym, goes to the number of two children, so this is the reality of the education system, many people are now getting out of it and I.  I am telling you the inside story for those who are now thinking of opening a school, this money for investing in infrastructure will not be spent, some different models of yours will start, it is also possible that there is a school with only one room and there are thousands of children there.  Teacher is also the best  There are 50 of them, they all teach from their homes, they are studying at home, there are the fees and if you just have to come sometime, to do something, such a system can be developed like this and broadcast. Best teachers of social science and best maths of that school.  The best physics student of that school, the best English teacher of another school, all of them are there and the teacher is getting absolutely at the maximum and the maximum money is going to the teacher, the one who is the middleman in between whom  Opened the school, okay and that means taking it from here too, met Radhe Govind, not working, going forward, it is the time, and so Guru election, neither Guru 70 album, Vishwaguru, it increases a lot, I will say only teacher today, whoever is okay.  Teachers are their time, this year it's late, if on this teacher you think you are a good teacher, you can connect with me by WhatsApp, a T-shirt, then I will attract many teachers on one platform and on my side.  I will give you a practical idea that you people who are doing grinding mill in 2025 at a salary of ₹ 3540 ₹ 5000 is fine, something better can happen in your life than this, you can do good to the society as well, you can do good to yourself too, then this.  that connect thank you wearing a