That Hello friends, those who gave very important messages today, please share this video with your family group and discuss it. I have seen a pattern in my American Shivling, which gives a lot of support to what I want to share through this video. In the messages, the seeds of the troubles that have arisen and are happening in the first year, two years and three years, which lead to the situation of separation up to situational divorce, are sown in the three-four-five-hour wedding function itself.  You have to remain the flower of this fort. Be it a girl or a boy. This video is for the society. Your daughter is going to have a daughter. This has happened. This is a conflict in your house. It can happen to anyone.  If so, please forward this video to the entire society. Even if you are not an influencer, please share it and tell whether you identify with it or not. Let's start a function which is called 'Phere Wala Wedding'.  Marriage  It is said that marriage is a different thing, we call it marriage or marriage, using the Hindi word Shaadi is marriage, but the function of marriage is this wedding and in wedding, someone's respect is reduced, expenditure of water is not done properly, given, not done properly, people will be angry.  Uncle will be angry with this, someone's uncle has become angry, uncle is giving a lot of trouble to you from this side, I want to tell you one thing that in today's circumstances life, there is already Raita somewhere.  The place is spreading, the girl's job is not sure, your daughter will or will not do the job, many things are not sure, there is not much happiness in the life of that couple, in the same way there used to be troubles in the old times, tell me, this marriage will not break.  Keep on struggling, take, give, your respect is not right, Namaste is not right, exercise is, that is not right, what does he say, good and noble, some of the words in fiction are like this, it is okay, some respect is not right, people's flesh, this is  People don't care about this, for the sake of honor and respect, this is the way Harshit's life has become. These people should start reducing the sourness. In the marriage, he will come to give blessings. This one will come to give, he will come to give blessings. There is no need for much blessings in the marriage. There is no need for blessings in the marriage.  This is the maturity of the parents after the young couple, only that much is needed, the marriage will go on, it is useless, all the relatives sour on you and leave by commenting and you keep yearning and then they take out the yearning from that daughter-in-law.  Mostly, the bangs come out from our daughter in law, still it is kept that you will do bangs specially, she does not know, okay, yes, a little bit is done with her too, but we will give that, we will not discuss it now.  If the society does not come to that level, then mostly whatever happens happens to the people. You see it like this, the students do not come to the college, it is like there is an atmosphere of ragging and if there is something wrong in the function, the old man may know it unknowingly.  It could be his father's mistake, it could be his mother's, it could be his own expectation, or it could be the confectioner's mistake, it could be the suit stitcher's, it could be the goldsmith's mistake, it could be 50 people in the world, he unknowingly took his life in the marriage.  There are some shortcomings in me, but if you organize a big event, you can do Filmfare Award and this Oscar Award, sister-in-law, shortcomings remain, okay, problems arise in big election rallies, you must have seen the elections being stage Kailash.  Like rallies, money is spent, so we will have to forget that thing and always focus on giving and marriage. In such a society, how much do you people agree on this thing? Please post on the comment section. A four-hour function has no value. 10  Spend 20 50 80 lakh 1 crore, there is no point in saving money in weddings, weddings are in the cord, this voting is also fine, the expenditure in these was not found to be more than what was spent in the past.  It has been a year since I started wearing suits and boots and I have seen that my Pandit ji has also born and there are five people in the bride and groom login, is it a wedding, will it not go, that is also a very good thing, if you like it more, then do you like any of them?  The one doing everything and depressing will not get justice. The one commenting will not get justice. What if there are still marriages, the season will come and more have to be done, please don't spend money, this is a new couple with a child. How much is the salary? Not much money. Live with someone. Parents, give it to the world to show to the world. Cafe Sreedharan says give them the pack. Expenses are not taxed on it. Ask your chartered accountant. What are the benefits of it? So your  Give a gift to the children, give affordable housing race only a few houses worth Rs 25 lakh, then take them, brother, don't spend, please don't go for show and support the young couple, all reduce yours.  Within the All India Radio's Farmaaishi program, there was a discussion between Vighnachi Geet, today there has been a demand from Muzaffarpur for a big holiday that this song should be made available. That program used to be on All India Radio from time to time, so many people want to run their Farmaaishi program in 2022.  You do n't want to, you don't want to, and you have to sacrifice the lives of your children, those who want to run, it's okay, not profit, your son 's registration is done and someone else will build such a house.  And he will give you money, no one who visits, okay, now the times have changed a lot, please do not expect much and when you leave the wedding function is the question of happiness Pandit ji, okay, do what you want, do puja, eat food, drink, do not waste your life in it. That ji Paneer was not good there, what does he say, Aaghve Chi Loot Shot Fit Sweet Kit, a little less in the budget and money, instead of that he is on his own, ji, we have a daughter that  We have money, daughter, so don't spend it on her. Give it to her slowly. Make a university plot and go in the first year. You did not misbehave with the boy or girl. You are the one who did not complain about the other. People, give back 3 lakh names of one girl. Husband, son, father will give. Okay, now you have also given birth to a child. In 2 years, you have given the incentive bonus which is given in the job. Yes, you have done well for 2 years, but after 3 years, you will give a little amount till the year. Wait, after that they will get upset. Child became number two for 7 years and told the girl to keep quiet. Hug the sister. Don't tell me. Boy, tell someone to take out your rally. This will be a long video and many more things on this.  Help keep it shot tell me whether you liked it or not. Hotspot turn off marriage important is wedding important and marriage important please write in the comment section na meltegi and wedding is important.  If you like this wedding then these people should not keep things like this, wedding takes place in 24 hours in difficult times, maturity is required or you should have done that. If you liked this video, then like and share. Thank you.