Hello friends, today's topic can save the life of you and your family members. I have to make such a topic, it may be a little sensitive but I am going to give you two practical tips, according to the medical, according to the hospital, according to the medical doctors, here I am about the medical system. Doctors are not criticizing the medical system very much. If you feel like this, then think a little pragmatically, which even the medical people do and write down whether it is fact, logic, evidence, whether it is there or not. I will tell you two things. See the practical advice suddenly.  If ever an accident happens in life, no one can predict it, it will happen when it happens and you will have to take the medical system to the hospital and I am not talking about the system, but it has been seen a lot in the elderly too and in normal cases.  Also, there is this same thing which happened, the guy woke up in the morning and is not normal, he is not feeling well and till the afternoon he is feeling like he is messed up, he is messed up, he doesn't go to the hospital, the tip here is that  Please whenever in doubt please go to hospital during that time don't make it night. Now I am sleeping completely. If heart attack comes at 11:00 pm then I will have to go. There is no choice but sometimes what symptoms start coming first like BP, irritable pain.  Red eyes Importance of going during day time, this is where you will get the best medical care, best of the doctors and hospitals are available, go at night and talk to the doctors a lot.  I am making the video in a very intelligent voice and tell me how much the doctors will agree. In the hospital, there are doctors, junior doctors, there are some strong doctors in the ICU, but there is not so much system in place for that, so in the given time.  You will get a specialist, you should go to the hospital, if you want to go and talk to him, then there is no show in the heart, whatever is taken to sleep, where your testing is to be done, every big is very alive, when the situation is there at night.  11 12 There is a time of one or two and a half hours, it is like a graveyard shift, people are roaming around like zombies in it, Banda is not available, Banda's companion is available and I have done this research in many hospitals, there is nothing in it that that  The hospital has many names, it is useless, it is small, this thing is true, every where is good, it is not even dependent on the city, big city, very big city, the biggest city, the greatest city, when duty is given on the border or on security.  It happens when someone will shoot you, if you don't do what you want and you will be killed, there also a person feels stressed and hard work means that life is lost in doing the duty, it is not easy, so in the hospital, do not think that you  Everyone went there smiling like this, they will be ready for you, they will have to go at night, it is a compulsion, I am not going to accept it, but I am from this place, if you see, no one of yours, these days, everyone feels bad, they go to the hospital, do n't they?  I don't want to go normally like this  I am happy that you are feeling new, it is okay, no, let's just wait for a little more time, you will take her again at 9:00 or 10:00 at night, you know, it is difficult for me to take her at day time.  Whenever you are in doubt, go away if two-three things happen, if something happens, you will be admitted, the program will start, it is okay for you, and if nothing happens, we will send you back, okay, but one more thing at night, now people will say astrology and all these other things too.  does  Is it that I start speaking too much, then people take it as a man, so I will not use too many words, I will try to give him some logic, okay friend, I feel nervous at night anyway, I am talking about a sick person.  I am not doing this, by the way, I am telling you, if you are looking at me during the day, friend, in general, see how you feel in general and very comfortable moment, night comes, night means it brings with it some nervousness, you know.  and joe  When a person is alone in the day, as soon as the sound stops, are there any people visible? There is a conversation going on, there is commotion, there is a little bit of lying around, then he will take tea, take milk, okay, do fomentation, okay, do this, apply hot water.  Make the world pale like this, she remains alert as if everyone goes to their rooms or when it is time to eat food, at eight or nine o'clock, after that suddenly the nervousness increases, this is what I am telling you, when you are actually suffering from something. ok then  This was a big thing, the second thing was that I will cover this, how do you like my topic? Tell me in practice, is it necessary to be a great doctor? Even among doctors, they will not tell you this. The best doctor sleeps at home. No brother, no, he is a junior doctor.  Only when we meet, my friend and I don't think there is anything wrong because he says that if it is very serious then A also goes, he also goes but brother, you took him and then told him, then he came, it is better than this brother, isn't it 5  :00  At the same time, I am not criticizing the doctor anywhere. The doctor is like that and in India, all the doctors work less than 12 hours. According to me, it is okay if you go during the day, there will be a hot one, this one will be the one with gas, this one will get all these. At the same time, it is not possible to meet all of them in the night, it is not possible, there is a shift in their duty, so one must be a doctor from ICU, one must be from downstairs, one must be from an accident, maximum three doctors are not available to Guinea, go to someone in the hospital. ok and that one  This poor guy will be like a junior, 10 relatives will be jumping on him like that at night and you look at my one, you look at my one Han, I am looking, I am looking and it will be like this, okay, the second thing I wanted to tell you is important. It is very important that you went and got your diagnosis, said yes, this is a disease and on the course of action, the treatment could have been done in some other way, sometimes what are the doctors and this system also creates urgency, sometimes it is genuine, sometimes it is genuine.  If it is not there then it is a bit of a trick. It cannot be taken in a blanket manner. For example, we go somewhere and do a program related to angiography. Medical insurance here. Look at everything. Do not listen with tension. It is okay to listen only after being a little relaxed. Use your mind as well. This is a disclaimer that  I have nothing to do with medical science. Okay, I am telling you this too. Okay, so don't think that the doctor is giving advice, so use your own mind, but I am telling you one thing. At the thought process level, I have seen people take pride in getting operator in big hospitals and being in a big room. Okay, you are my machine, this brother is giving you medical insurance money, your department is giving it, you are a government man.  Have you got any cards? Government people get them for treatment, but I am not saying that cards should not be given, they should be given to everyone, everyone is doing a job, no one is doing any favor to them.  Okay, but friend, the body is yours, just because you have any card, then Han cuts it, you can do anything, that means with me he will say, brother, it will not cost money, which one should I put, this one Han gives the best team, that is, how do everyone do it?  Then thinking forcefully when there is no need because it is said that this thing is played a lot, first of all I have noticed that I am observing a lot, whenever I go, I have to go to the hospital, whenever I have to go, it is like I do a lot of research.  am that Vijay is standing right next to my reception in Osho, where admissions are taking place. The first question, which is probably justified, is the insurance, is it medical or will you pay, then the treatment starts from there itself. You agree.  Do it or not, tell me, I am not saying that many hospitals are ready to rob a poor man, they also see who is who, but here I will be romantic to my middle class and educated audience who have insurance.  Brother, you have a medical insurance of 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, not only this, you have medical insurance of 10 lakhs, it means that you have to recover everything, today brother, I will do it all, I don't do this, these hospital people reply so quickly, if he did not have anyone then then Why has God put Albert on it, he could have settled with some other system also, I am asking this meaning, where he has to wear it, where he cannot do anything, then brother, he will definitely do something else, I am not able to do this.  Here they are saying that you will be killed and you have heard my video and will say, I am brother, if such a situation is off course, but where there is time, brother says, think, see, there is an operation after two days, we will do it after five days.  If it seems like this then I am saying that friend, get two-three medical opinions from different places for different doctors and also keep some genuine doctors in your relatives and friends circle, friend, what is it because?  If you keep even one genuine doctor, even if he is not a direct doctor for the disease, but he will have a circle, he will ask some genuine person and tell you because look, it has become so expensive, it is more expensive than the land itself.  All corruption starts from this. If the land is so expensive then the hospital will become expensive. Desire for profit. Although many times the government gives rebate on subsidy but it hurts whose stomach. It is okay in that but still there is expense in making it. Wants increments so expensive.  If there is profit, then there are people, then there are people, so these people will not meet the system, brother, all the incentives for them are also target based, so when there is such a system, then instead of letting the system go, people themselves, what about me, I can't make as many videos as I want in my life.  I do n't make any videos about changing the system at all because these are stupid things. The system is what we deserve. We have to do it with less effort and brain. You have a medical emergency.  Once in 5 years, you change the system, then you will eat and change the system. Education system was there or not, Medical system was not right, Judicial system was there, Infrastructure was not right, Pollution was not right, hey, fix yourself as little as you can. Rest, raise noise about what is happening. It is not my responsibility to leave democracy, but do not become dependent on it with so many emotions like a medical system, it bites everywhere, the builder is greedy, the doctor is greedy.  The astrologer is greedy, the lawyer is greedy, every person is greedy and all the innocent people who are listening, whether it is a government employee or a normal employee, you also do it, don't you friend, in which job do you welcome yourself, you are also getting the salary, you all too.  Ours, that too is corruption, is n't it? We get paid for eight hours of work, 2 hours less, 4 hours of back wages, two hours of tea is fine, the world has been doing that all its life and considers it normal because everyone does it.  Then it is also a system, why doesn't any government employee improve it like this, my utilization is actually 50%, give me 50% of the salary or why no one in the corporate does it like this, I hope you understand.  Basically it is okay, don't make too much noise inside the system, get practical, these two practical tips will go away on time, it will go away during the day, D response of medical system. Collect these 10 times in the night time, do you agree with all these people who are themselves in this medical system, medical workers, doctors, do you agree with this system, whatever capacity they have in the day time, all of them are there.  Everyone who is standing at the reception, the person who is there, the girl who takes you, the nurse, the doctor, everyone is late and the numbers are very high, so that response is this.  If you collect the intensity then please do it during the day and if you want to get someone else's opinion, if someone says there is any illness, then test it at two-three places. You test the car also, okay, thank you.