Hello friends, I am India's number one real estate clarity and Amit Sangwan is the first time to name them in the video. I am going to give the revolutionary idea which will change for real estate happens in this country. You who are my subscribers or those who are forwarded under  I have received a request from him that now you should share this thing with maximum people because only if it reaches as many people as possible, this idea might be intelligent Vicky.  The idea of ​​119 numbers working in democracy is that whatever be the type of real estate, you know what components are there in it, the components are there, the government to the state government should keep the circle rate all over India. Everyone knows at what rate the registry is done. How much is it actually and the whole world knows the component which varies from place to place in places like Delhi, it is the  Worst World Witch All Virtue Now Today I am going to tell you one thing, an idea, technology has been completed in India, now the internet website of IIT has been made, is it not the time to do all this or is it the old time, everything has come, there is nothing to be done.  Yes, if he is selling any property to anyone, he will have to enter it on the government portal and tell that I am selling a proper SBCO property worth one crore to one person, then the reserve price of that property will be included in it. 11055941 stand more ok ji and if someone is his 11112222 friend then that property will have to be sold to that person, cannot be sold at all and this time period can be set for 15 days easily, there are all the side options of SP in Haryana, the procedure was Everyone knows that if a person from Baroda comes and does not put anything like this then he would have made a ten percent deposit in it. This is a very simple solution, when it becomes ten percent of the bid that the person is placing for his own pleasure, once again you understand what will be the benefit of circle rate, there will be no need of circle rate, Wednesday and stop it now. Polish Two Circle Rate Late Marking Discover Market What is the Rate of Fateh Property So if I am sitting somewhere and looking in Property and Rose and I can buy property anywhere in India then that's their site Excite  It should be made where if you give loan waiver of 99 rupees then it is broken on them also, what is the rate and it is negotiated, then it is live, which is the system of the government in the jail, where contracts for things are released now.  So if such a solution is such a simple system, then what kind of idea did you think, is it implementable or not? There is no bill, that is a different thing, you will get freedom from it, which if you have a property worth Rs 5 crore and someone is going to give you a check of Rs 5 crore, then your life will change.  And if you go around with this, carrying property worth crores, it is not you but humans who have money in your bank account, you Indians now have to see these things, will you people tell the government that otherwise you will go to that wrist great.  Hey Ravi, let's reduce cigarettes and I, the state government takes six per cent to pass the registry. Who said that it is to kill the people? Do you know what is your circle rate? What is your situation and if you keep the situation then what is the circle rate? If this thing had been implemented instead of demonetization in an artificially forced system then it would have reached many people. My most request to you is please share this video with maximum people. If this idea is implementable then write implementable. If it is not implementable then that too.  Write thank you very much