Hello friends, today I am going to tell you a secret about happiness. You know about happiness, there is a lot of discussion in life, everything is needed and all this, this secret is yes, happiness is a skill and it can be taught. Hanji skill means riding a bicycle, cooking, swimming, any skill, it can be taught. Till date, perhaps no one has told you this, then the word is This I am launching a happiness course, seven live classes.  It will start on 18th November, every alternate Friday will be first and third Friday, you can speak, this third predecess will start, 7 live classes, one class will be of two hours, after doing this course, your happiness question will definitely go to this level from here, people, see a lot.  People sell many things, okay brother, take coaching, you will become an IAS, okay, take this, this will happen, take that, you will become like this, do a course in stock market trading, I will become a trade.  Grab happiness, yes, okay, what is my claim, what is my claim that I do two things, I make you happy, my happiness increases and my money increases, now happiness comes with increasing money, that is your choice, many people will say that I am trapped in the job, where is my happiness?  Have to do a course, will anyone think, friend, I am stuck in trouble because of mother-in-law and daughter-in-law, what is this, drinking is the cure for everything, that is what live classes with you are, I have attended this course, you have got every  You will know everything about the thing and if you include as many members of the family as you want, there will be only one link, one person can take it from the core, but if you look at different families, four people can take it, like it, date cricket match, Hotstar's own subscription.  If you have taken it, now it is not on TV that two people will watch it, you will not be able to watch it on other devices, that is a different thing, now it cannot be that you have taken it and you 50 more people are watching it, technology stops their money.  It won't be possible but one man  Like if a man takes a woman or she, it will be very good and after this, all the things that will happen for you will happen, everyone will enjoy it, but you will have a lot to tell the world, so those who are very old, for whom maybe 100% of it will be.  % things may not be applicable because a lot of life has passed but brother, you will be able to give knowledge to your next generation, the real one which will be fun, you will just sit there and listen, I am going to tell you very good things, so learn from me and increase your happiness.  increase knowledge increase If you increase the level then you have to WhatsApp Happiness. I have the number below but you just have to WhatsApp Happiness. The fee is very nominal for this. It is ok and what will be the process of registration, I will tell you all. It is very easy.  Ok, it just means that the journey of happiness is starting and I want maximum subscribers who want to understand and learn things in a structured way. Skilled ji will teach me how to ride a bicycle and then I will teach you how to ride a bicycle even without leaving your hands.  Will give, if you learn like that, you will teach even without leaving your hands, okay then come to learn, it is winter time, it is going to be a lot of fun in learning, classes will be held on Friday at 8:00 PM, it is okay, Friday will be at 8:00 PM, alternate Friday will be in between.  I will also give homework, a little bit, if you are okay, then it is going to be fun. Okay, WhatsApp me happiness. Everyone must know the spelling of the whole word happiness. So happiness WhatsApp me. Let's register it.  Only a few days are left, okay it will start on 18th November, Friday, if you have not experienced good winters and such good happiness in your life, then you will get meaning in life only by attending the course, whatever I will teach you in it, if you follow 15-20% then it will be live.  It is Jhingalala and brother, if you apply it on her, then if you apply it on her, then write happiness quickly and further, I will tell her how to add the process. Every expectation of life will be missed, nothing like that will happen in the morning.  Get up and meditate, then Khushi Bhai, I will tell you a practical thing, I do not think that meditation is dust, I had meditated, I believe more in meditation, okay and I will also tell you this, if I do not tell you something which cannot be done by you, then go to the tree, go to the mountain.  Go on, I do n't know, leave everything, what is there, brother, how to enjoy the beauty of all the things, how to taste it, like him, samjhaunga, without leaving anything, neither should I send you to the forest, nor should I send you to the mountains, nor should I find someone to meditate on, should I say medicine?  Some?  Say something which you have ever heard anywhere. I will tell you something original. The first topic will be Solving Equation of Life. This is my Nobel Prize winning content. If I find another partner then Solving Equation of Life will be the first class. If you have solved the equation of life  I have learned to do it, after making my equation, the date will be un, which means I am not going to tell what I am going to do in the remaining six classes, because lip of faith is also a little okay.  If yes, then we will start from solving equation and life and then add further and if you are 20 years old then it is applicable for you, you are a woman of 35 years, it is applicable for 65 years of old people, it is applicable for you, 80 years of age, 75 years of age, you are applicable for job.  If you are doing well, then you are applicable. If you are doing business, then you are applicable. It is okay, it is a woman, it is young, it is less young, it is applicable for everyone.  It is applicable for irrespective of gender and anything and also those from South India who will join and who knows a little bit of Hindi then I will cattle for date also because mostly my audience is a little bit of Rbein and cosmopolitan also so English also I believe everyone knows.  So it means I will talk in that way and you will understand, it is okay, it means you will understand, it is okay, be it Hindi or English, mix it as I tell you.  By the way, understanding will come and notes can also be made, queries will also be answered, your end brother will enjoy, write happiness in winter, join and hope you see maximum number of subscribers and please let me know on time, because slots are limited, technology also has a limit. I don't want to add people, I just mean that's enough, I'm not putting any pressure, I'm not doing this, I'm fine with you, maybe it won't be filled now, but it's possible that it will be filled, so it's okay.  Because the limit is fine, so as you are listening, please forward the happiness and book your stall quickly. Thank you very much.