Hello friends, understand this subtle difference and the pain and suffering of your life will be reduced considerably. One of the works that I do is to reduce pain and give happiness, so understand this difference. Today I am going to tell you the difference between duty and love. Duty means.  This is your duty. Whenever you feel that something is a duty and you have to do it, and you are performing many duties in life, then you are living a good life and you are going.  On the path of misbehavior will not come when the child is very small, small baby, nature has made him in such a way that he brings out love, so much cuteness and smile, only by doing this, it does not take much effort to raise him as he grows up, when the parents  If parenting starts becoming a duty then remember in life that there are not going to be as many good days or the days are not going to be good. If you want to do something for the parents then you have to do it as if you have to do it as a duty.  It is not sustainable brother, because if there is love then it will not seem like a job, when you have to love God, you have to love your loved ones too and that means you have to pray, you have to do something, when love comes from within, it does not remain like a duty. So if you make it a ritual, make it a duty, you have to light a lamp, you have to light it, you have to read it, you will start feeling pain, then you will start getting pain from this video today. This is a deep video, it will sound bad to many people, but for my entire audience, this is understand things  Now he will give this thing as homework which I will tell you, then you start doing it, what work do you feel is your duty, if the husband or the man of the house feels like this because he has gone through a lot of pain, then this person of our conscience and consciousness has done a lot.  If you are in pain, then I too am Guruji, if I wear a tie then what will happen, they also wear a suit, okay, so I want to tell you that if you have to earn money for the family, go to the job, if you feel that it is a duty, then it is very  Duty is being done and I am for them  If I am doing this then you will be in a lot of pain in life, this is what I want to tell you, although you must have heard the colloquial word, hey his Nannu's father has gone on duty, we say on duty, on government duty, on duty, has gone on duty. We will have to remove this duty. When we are raising our family and working, it should be done in the spirit of love. Wherever there is love, there will be no feeling of duty. Wherever there is a feeling of duty, it will come in many places. I am not saying this.  feeling like this You will not be able to stop the feeling. How to love deeply when you are feeling the duty. You understand what I am saying deeply. I am not forcefully asking you to bring the feeling of love where there is a feeling of duty, because love is not coming.  Sometimes this happens with the parents, the parents are neither giving coolness nor coolness, nor giving rest nor blessing, they become bitter frustrated and you are left with only duty, so I want to teach this to the society that when duty comes, then Sustainability reduces and does not happen. If you are elderly, then never tell your children that it is your duty, it was our duty too, so if you have brought up only by doing such duty, then brother, then that is not the kind of parenting you have done if you have to raise children.  If you are putting in effort, then it is not love. Remember, if you put in effort in doing any work, there is too much sense of duty. When a woman cooks food, then what tastes good in that food. In the family, as it is said, mother's hand food.  When mother cooks food For a son or daughter, there is no duty for their children, there is love in it and that love is visible in the food and when you eat food here and there in hostels, there is that duty there, so what an excellent example it is seen in the food.  I am telling you a little praise for my poetry. Wow brother, wow. Those who enjoyed it, they enjoyed it. Now you will say what to do next. Then what is the take away. Now that you have understood the thing then see this in your life. You are doing 100 jobs, how many are out of love, how many are out of duty, if the majority is out of duty, then you are going to go into pain, then what to do, try not to take fresh work, those of duty, and those of duty.  Don't go on the path of duty, duty, duty, duty, you have taken a lot of time, it is your duty, you have values, you have to do it like this, so you don't do it, this is the message, you don't have to do it, otherwise it would n't happen brother, okay tell me.  It doesn't happen from inside.  You cannot develop love for everything, this is also a fact, it is a give and take and whoever you feel is transitioning from love to duty, then tell the next person also, sometimes it becomes very important to tell the children. When they grow up, the tantrums come, 'Bhaiya, listen, your love is decreasing, duty will come. Share this video with everyone in family groups, 'Bhaiya, this is your transition from love to duty, please for me.'  Maintain the love because love cannot be one sided, a little, a little, how cute and smiling the little baby is, and what does it mean when he giggles, then he is putting in his effort, is n't he putting in full effort? Those who have had children.  Those who have taken care of themselves and raised them would know that it is coming out naturally, it is coming out naturally, so sometimes when the next child grows up or the husband is like this or the wife is like this, I want to tell those husbands also that  Please don't you know that the husband is a money-grubber, he does n't even know when his wife's duty has gone beyond love and now he is not going to do his duty either and in life, learn in advance about the pitfalls in which you will fall and listen to those who say that.  Those who have husbands and mothers, please show this video to your husbands and the husbands who are watching should understand for themselves and the same thing goes with the other meaning vice versa. Whenever in a relationship you feel that now this love is little.  Duties are getting less and more are coming, so first tell me brother, you too ca n't become a little cute, a man ca n't become cute at one age, not all people can become cute, although some people are blessed that even when their hair gets washed, they still look a little cute.  Okay, the face has that glow, isn't it where the stars and moon are sitting? Okay, those who look sexy with jaw line in 20-30, those who look sexy till 40, then others look good, what am I trite?  Tell you, every man has some ability, you should be able to extract love, you should say the meaning of love to him and you should be able to give love, only then this world will run in peace. It may be an abstract video but ultimately if only duty is to be performed in your life.  And love is not coming from anywhere and you still have to do it, then take a break from all duties and give a break of six months to all the relations and tell them brother, something is getting too much, you mean to do your work.  will have to  You can smile, you can say thank you, you can say goodbye, there are tears in many relationships, do something for them, if they are not happy, then tell them that it is like this, you should not be happy with me, you should not be with me, bye bye tata then next  He will change his behavior a little, if he remains in the attitude then you will look at him, you will cry only when you have to do more work for ungrateful people, it could be anyone, you will say to the relationship, friend, you are spoiling it by coming, it is okay.  It is better than this that only those who have consciousness, intelligence and discretion are the ones who are equally spoiling and they are spoiling more permanently. I am saying that if you follow me then you will not have to go anywhere and all the work will be done by staying there because they are going because of their  It is becoming popular because no one is talking here. Why are children getting detached from their parents? Because parents have started doing work as a duty. There is no feeling of love because there is too much controlling. So sit down and talk.  na na love kab  You were feeling it till then, when did you stop feeling it, then this is the message: Inside the comment section, you will find Subscriber Info Webinar Group, you can join it, you can get to see some happiness courses, conduct two different things, it is best for the members.  See you, happiness comes, take member ship for ₹ 7799 per month, come and accept, I hope you liked this video, please share like. Will thank you very much