Hello friends, if you have watched today's video and understood it completely, then you can become a consultant. I am coming with the basis of my tree consultation. I am going to give a Guru Mantra type thing. It is going to be a very good topic and it is going to be a lead.  The order thinking is going to be some of you people will seem abstract but by this time I am a fool, my subscribers who are the original ones, have become the ones to understand this thing at this level, you people had fun and understood.  I went and if you can go to talk to him then please tell me what is the decision making process of you people, it will be the best and what is going wrong, I will tell you whenever there is a need for consultation, if there is a need to discuss with someone. This is the place where we are not taking decisions and we are taking decisions; in today's war, there are young people; why are we not taking decisions? There is a basic reason for him, there is a basic reason for him, all the others are  All the people have been taking decisions on their own intelligence. Intelligence is called intelligence in English. Today there will be a class in Hindi and English also, so you will understand this word, I will explain it in both Hindi and English and you will know the settled difference of this thing.  So you will know how wisdom has come, if you look in Sangola 17, there is a small line in it, you people will not be good, maybe people seeking wisdom and clarity then wisdom.  How to win at the level and what is the problem? Intelligence is called decision so intelligence is also there so we will take intelligence. What is intelligence, how much intelligence is there and how will we take it, then this is the problem. There are many decisions which you cannot take only with intelligence. Some four  -I will tell you more in five words and you should understand them, there is a difference between your something called intellect, intelligence and intelligence. Intelligence is this intellect and intelligence is this. How much intelligence can you extract?  The difference is your natural tendency which is called Instinct in English and one more important thing which is called Kalpana in Hindi and Imagination in English. So, if you have told the words in Hindi, now it will be easy in English because everyone starts with I.  There are five things: Intelligence, Intellect, Instinct, Imagination and Instinct. When the combination of these five becomes a combo pack, then a person becomes a person called Wisdom.  It is divided into things in which you have to invest, how are decisions in life, what subjects will I choose before getting a job, what kind of life do I want now, how do you want to live your life, brother, the girl is not getting married because what I am looking for is her.  How is mom, looking at mom, why looking at mom, I am looking at a girl, and you married such a person, you married such a girl, mom, take you boy, is it okay that you went to some place, I heard it okay, that means what marriage?  If that trend is achieved then instinct is also needed. You got married on the basis of intelligence. You will get good dowry from the girl. You are rich, which means that now you got married on the basis of brain. You did not get that either. You did not go on instinct, you did not go on imagination, this is what people are in problem with. In buying a property, you are buying a property, you have to dig a mattress, you have a brusher in your hand, some flowers are being formed here, some are being formed there, something is happening, if it is not going well then you will have to do imagination. No, because when everything is looking like a chicken, then that chicken Panvel, but it should also be instinctive, it should also be instant, intelligence should be needed and intelligence should be there, intelligence is intelligence but the capacity which is there is intellect, so you understand these things, what kind of video is this?  I thought you should tell me and in decision making, now you people remember these five things that if I am not doing what I have to do, then where intelligence should do it, there is no less than intuition.  It will be okay if I am feeling right then it is not that nothing happens if you feel right, there are many things when sometimes what happens is that the situation gives it in time, like you look at one thing, there is a batsman in that too, there are different types of things combined. Virender Sehwag used to just go by his instincts, he is the type of player who goes there, if there is a need to put something else then he is not able to do it, now he has to hit a six even on 294, but he has to hit a six even on 194.  If you have to kill, if you have to kill, then every man has his own, so it comes from your instinct that there is an instinct inside you that every human being, first of all, I hope you are not getting confused in all these five things because of putting emphasis on them.  I am making it so that it does not turn into the curd of my mind, are you instant? You have to release what is your natural copy. The natural tendency of every person is different, so you have released your instinct that this is my  Then you are born with intellect, it cannot choose you, you, it is your reservoir, how are your parents? In which country, in which city, in which state of society were your parents born? Because of what kind of school you went to, that reservoir got accumulated when you turned 20, 22, 23. Now, how much of your juice are you able to extract from it, because it happens, don't you understand, of every song, which arises in the time which comes up?  K Western  The one that grows on the up side or the one that grows in Maharashtra, the juice of each song is different, so do the same, but like every orange, there is a story, the story of Aurangzeb of Nagpur and the story of Aurangzeb, does any orange get more juice, this is you buffalo.  Take it, take it, some give 20 liters of milk, some give 12, some give 8, so everyone has different systems, just like there are no cars because sir, the system is different, how much power is it, how much horse power do we have?  Have to realize who I am, am I an auto, am I a Creta, am I a Fortuner, I become your internet, recognize the pride of force and take it in things because most of the time, if you were born in Alone Mask Agarundhi, you would not have become Alone Mask.  They are made in America only, some things are made in America only because there is an ecosystem there, their system is like this, so many things are made of your intellect, many things are not your role in it, how much intelligence can come out of the made of intellect.  It is yours in that, but for that thing, you must also have imagination, how is your imagination, how is your vision, what is it that those who invest money in the market, is it all just intelligence or do some people also imagine? Brothers and sisters, if this does not happen then other things are also going on and when I am giving the example in Sher Market, when different types of people are operating and different types of  products  Those who have different interest in catering are different, those who enjoy cap and its fun are different, those who are happy only in index funding that I need 10-12 tucks of brain, everyone's instinct is different, their intelligence is also different.  He will have to do imagination. He will have to do it. I hope you have understood these five words of mine. Today's lesson is this Sunrise. I do these five things. You should know these five things very well. First look at your instincts, what is yours than that. Where is the interaction, these two things do not change much in you and after this you can make your imagination, instinct and intelligence your future. What is being seen in the market is that people are mostly seeing only intelligence and not just intelligence. These five things will not take you to the story. Do that, decision making will be butter and you will have to listen many times, you will not get intelligence i.e. data, you will have to listen to the inner knowledge of your heart, you will not get it ever, so this is this D message thank you.  very match