Hello friends, Start of Disturbing Trend and What you need to learn from South Korea is going to be a very interesting topic of deep higher order thinking. Men will see it 100%, it will seem that it is for women but the role of men is going to be very big in this and society and India needs. You know and discuss this is very important, they started their trend of disturbing India, but what to learn from South Korea, their fertility rate is there, the women there focus completely on the job.  They say that we do not need marriage, we do not need children, now many people in India will also say that it is a good thing, we have kept 140 crores, don't do it, okay, very good, what are the followers of samjhaunga, the same issues are happening in Japan, are happening in Denmark.  There are a lot of pokies happening in the countries like Finland and now the government has said that if you have a child, they will give you four BHKs without rent. There is a problem in China too, first of all the population.  When it reduces, it feels very good, people feel fine, they seem to be having fun, but now you have to see what will happen and this has started in India too, first of all there is a statement that the population should reduce.  If children don't do it, then we are fevering the earth. We are fevering the earth. Yes, do you feel that we are fevering the earth? According to the earth, even if all the human beings go away, it will not make any difference, that is the best.  Will be done  But this is an extreme argument for the earth. If you want to take care of the earth so much, then start changing the carbon footprint of your life. You throw away plastic, you keep buying dirty, torn clothes, you keep buying torn clothes, you keep buying things, conjurism.  You have kept him so big, leave him, he will become a small baby, a small baby, so is he causing so much issue in life, if you will teach him to live properly and you yourself will live properly, these are the things to escape.  They do not want to take responsibility of people because they are living in an uncertain world, then we go to South Korea and wonder what has happened and the same thing is happening in India because as soon as a woman gets a job, she becomes financially dependent on her.  Marriage market is decreasing. What is marriage? It is not an institution which will last for many years but it is in danger. What is the reason for marriage today or why do it happen because people are delaying it but when  Let's see that friend has done it in this also, he has also done it, brother has done it, sister has done it, relative has done it, if there is today 's pressure then we would have done it, we are doing it even late, the day this thing is also removed and maximum people have done it.  If you start then that pressure will not be there and then everyone will become like this. The problem with being like this is that there is a void in life. Marriage is not necessary for everyone but if you want to go for a bigger mission, then there are few people with such a bigger mission.  I am not getting married  I have a child and at the age of 20, it becomes a project in itself because when you fail in this thing, what is happening? I tell you, when women need support to do a job and society is not giving that support, the woman who is a woman has to face her own problems.  I need immediate support from mom or Sans. I need husband's support. That's why mom doesn't support me. I am telling this reality. Ground situation and how many IDs do you have to identify? Please write down. If the girl's husband says her surname, then she will put it as his.  She will serve him, who will take care of my body, I will take care of mine, you take care of yours, don't marry us etc. Now those who have only one daughter, they realize that their family name and surname are not going to move forward.  Our own people are also indifferent, whose daughter is a boy, she thinks towards her daughter-in-law that she will perform my aarti or perhaps serve me, you will shift my loyalty towards her, this kind of system, if we have a girl, then someone will do something for us, you brother should take care of our body. Take that and that girl's  She says that she will do it, but the condition and supply condition are very high, so finally when the woman and the woman who is ours look at her husband sadly, the husband says that I don't know, if you do n't have a friend, then leave the job. Now the same lady goes to the job, she is not found anywhere, she is pressured to beat the men, to satisfy the men, there the man who is inside the office space is not released even once because the man is too much. Very few women are doing the jobs, so they keep treating them like this, so they are ladies, madam, these are women, I do n't know what they will reduce, there is a pressure to perform, a woman has to reduce 3 times to show that she is  A woman is equal to a man, she reaches late by 15 minutes because she had to do something like getting the children ready for school, she creates so much trouble in the office, but the woman sits there and neither takes a sleep break nor a tea break. Susu takes a break and goes to sunbathe. She sits there silently and does her [ __ ]. He will not notice her and if it is hers at 5:00 then the woman will leave at 455 because I will go straight home and my  The man also has to look after his own family, so the man is ready to sit there at 6:00 o'clock and is ready to say while sitting there that look madam, look sir, she is gone, I am here, but he did not tell that his body is also less than his.  Take  Will take and [ __ ] in his own house also means that he is running away because he is flattering the boss. This is not something that was mentioned and I want to ask all the men whose women [ __ ] or have seen them and even if they don't [ __ ], please visualize.  Which woman leaves the office at 5:00 and reaches home at 6:30? Man, she reaches at her best time at 6:30. As soon as she arrives at 6:30, she throws off her sandals and has tea like this.  Lao does this, tell me, before changing clothes, she comes to the family, makes tea, looks at the children, looks at the milk, looks at the homework, prepares the evening meal, even gets the maid to do it, looks at the maid, what is the break in her life, every woman who  She is working, her job is from 5 to 10 in the morning, 5 to 10 in the morning, men are working from 9 to 5, woman is working from 5:00 to 10:00 in the morning, she will get tired, one day she will break down.  If she leaves the job, then her younger sister or her brother-in-law or her friend, if not anyone else in the society, then her daughter who is growing up will see that she was so talented in this, she left the job because of this, then the reason that will come out is that. Marriage and child will come out, actual reason [music] I will also tell you the solutions, watching the video is very important because I am not a feminist or anti-feminist or ultra-feminist here, I am on National Stock.  I am talking about the issues of our country, honey, how is that, I will tell you when what is the nation, what is India, the people of India, there will not be only people in India, then which country is it, the government will have to interview here, child welfare and women welfare and all the officers.  Send more videos, this is all about narrative, isn't it? Remove caste from religion, this is an issue. Politicians of the country raise the issues which actually realises the public and impacts them.  And vote bank comes the day votes will be taken by talking about these things. Politicians are very smart. Politicians are very smart. Remember, but this is not the topic, so the topic is religion, create ruckus, vote on it, discuss easy religion.  Religion should be banned in India, such an extremely private thing, think it is such an extremely private thing, they should be conducted within the charge, it is becoming a bit like that, I will come back to the topic, my topic.  It's the same again women, now that's the time, you people will say it's a good thing, leave the job, you can't go to fast, just like the rate of Amul milk never decreases if it increases, many things are not refundable, now women will say directly that brother, we  Now there are many men who don't do it, so don't do it, so many ridiculous comments are seen in some comments. My videos are 199% very good comments and many people are doing it. It is not that only women are doing it, men are also doing it.  they have more  I will also make this video one day but those people write such devotional things that the one who gets married should do this, do this, do this, earn money, why should we do all this loser stuff, isn't it, it is made cheaper than this because if Actually, it would have been so good to do it and if a man did not need a woman that much, then these aunties of so many boys would have been roaming around for marriage. D Fact of Life Factor. What are you keeping now? Why are you feeling chilly? I understand you, are you okay?  the man who has been Was sitting in a position of very strong strength in the society and the woman was in a very position of weakness, now it is slowly going up and it is slowly going down like this, so here Chilam Chitiyas are coming out here. These days it is coming out more quietly for women, it is called 'Soli and Study and In Cold Blood', which at once they thought completely that ' Han, we will see, marriage is not going to work, after doing all that, there is a western influence on it.  I will also make a video, I will make it very cute too, is it okay for you guys to watch, so this throne is saying go, don't stay, it is very easy to say, sit at home, I will feed my wife, if only food was the aspiration, then that issue has been made by the government.  You can get food for two-three rupees, for that a person does not even need to do much job, you also sit at home, aspiration and inflation and other things have happened, the prices of the houses are not there, why take a house on rent?  Rent is also there, that is my real estate, opened a channel, go to that also, I will tell you all those things there also, rents will also start catching fire, then earlier I was building a house, I will have to buy a house, a single person cannot buy a house these days.  Can't do it, all the coming girls will do the job, get married, have children, do it or not, and when the child becomes a mother, only then I am from Start of Disturbing has been printed, the rest of the country is ahead of us in these things, these people of South Korea are the ones who are happening there  Here these will start happening in seven-eight years, they will start becoming visible. Lady's brother has already started speaking. She has never seen her man happy. At the wedding, the elder sister left a good job because the child is the one thing to help her. You see this.  This is a very good trait which makes an Indian mother's heart beat for her child. The day women will lose interest in motherhood and if they become men, then where will the country be left? Mother and child are a very important and most important thing for the country. Priority is, you know the story of Honey Bee, she is also a queen, she also gives birth to children, everything happens around her, the most complicated is the kingdom of instinct, it belongs to Honey Bee, there are workers there too, perhaps she is also providing it.  Do less work only for that, this whole nation and needs you work for mother, child, save daughter, educate daughter, it is not working very well, then educate the daughter, then keep them at home, brother, you have educated the daughters, so now this system will come or  So he did not have to be fat minded. If he wanted to go to the old system, then girls had to study till 5th and 6th class and do n't just study further because when he grows up, he will have inferior mind, he will want to become something in life, a big superstar of India, his daughter got married, you are a big star.  Business Family: This is the interview of this lady. You people will mostly guest that what is my identity? Daughter of a superstar married in a big business family. My children have grown up at the time of marriage. 22  I will have children in 23 years, now what should I do, what is my identity, will I have to do it, whether I have to write a book, whether I have to design their red, or whether I have to make something of my own, then many of you people say that no, the daughter-in-law of our house does not do less, I have to do it.  If I don't have the audience then what will I get, what will she do for 40-80 years, it is very important for the country and this thing cannot be done in days, I am repeating again and again, we have to support our women, it is the government only.  If someone comes in between, someone will hit the stick in the society, someone will stop the death, someone will show brains, I am saying today, why can't women have 4 hours of work, less than 4 hours in government, if it is possible then look, it doesn't happen.  Rakhi, a woman working for 8 hours on a salary of lakhs, is struggling. Do it for 4 hours, do 50-50 thousand, it is not enough like this, no, it does not happen once, hey, keep equality also, there is no compulsion, if you are a woman, then four.  A woman has the option of doing a 4-hour job or even an 8-hour job. Whatever she understands, we have not left out what we have said. For a woman, like a man, you will have to do even less. Either she will sit at home or someone in between will help her. Even today, if this system turns out to be like this, more than half of the women will take up jobs again. If this system is adapted, whether it is in the private sector or in the economy, there is a lot of it.  more women in it  Now we will be ready to come but this system is a government, you are private, a bill was being passed that before Kovind, no one will call after 9 to 5 to harass, then he went to comedy and he got worse in the system. Forward that video only to some educated MP. Friend, this very educated person of yours will start a discussion in the Parliament. You are not tired of discussing religion, you cannot get bored. Take a break of 6 months and discuss again when  Let's go to the election selection, keep peace now, don't do something of less society. Which religion's cast is that cast of color, it will come out from under the state, one day they have to say, women have said one thing, I don't want to show it by pointing a finger, family channel has changed.  They will feel that they have to do such a thing that they will just go to hell, they will not have children, they will not do it, they will do jobs, they will chant like you, then see where the society will go. Already, our population will be close to 2.06, our replacement rate.  It seems that the population of India is very high, India's 140 crores is very much, it should be very much, it seems that people do not know compounding and interest and future forecast, this is the demographic dividend which is visible today, the population here will be Hari Budhi, not in the next born.  Will you do it? What is the replacement rate? If there are two husband and wife, then if you go, you will leave someone behind. Even if you are alone, you will go away from this world, if you leave one behind, then two children.  Even then we do it because of infant mortality and all the other reasons and if that point is more than zero, then 2.06 is required. In those countries where it is 0.9.8, see the government is doing it, where is the nation from, this is our chance for India. Where start reducing and spread, having children is not a bad thing, everyone will say good about me, the hair is white, he keeps saying anything, he is the richest man in the world, what does he say, he is educated, he is a rocket.  He sends a rocket, you tell me, when only the population will be left, for whom are you building this metro, for whom are you sending the airport, who is doing the technology, we will move, there was a great civilization of our time, which is very different from today's time according to the time.  It was a big thing that they collapse. It is very easy to say that African countries will have more growth, humans will be an asset, you will be much better, no no problem, exactly eight children together, so much of that was happening, that was absolutely wrong but one.  Having only one child or not having one at all and doing that is a different experiment. One can never be successful in life extreme. If one says that I will not have children, then who else will? People who are middle class say that this is a disease.  Yes, Rakhi is perfect, childhood is perfect, what do you have to give, be it middle class, you must be collecting from the labor class, when they are giving birth to children and you, you cannot do it, they can do it, that is, you can collect from them, how much will you provide to the child.  We have to provide the best, this is basically what the ladies and men are doing these days, they don't want to do it, they don't want to take the responsibility and ask for it, they keep a hold of these things but they give you the best because the system is made like this.  What has happened is that this system has to be changed, this thing has to be discussed, this is a trend that has started and I am not a social scientist, this article will be visible in 2024 after two-three years with data, then the public will understand that it is happening.  What is the government needs? Interview [Music] Okay, it is for the people, both of them are not getting jobs. How many more will you create? Hey, even if the jobs are less, they are not less. The day you understand what economy is.  The more people are needed, the same number of teachers are needed, the same number of doctors are needed, carpenters are needed, plumbers are needed, all less is needed, retirement comes from people only, there is a cycle, there is never any benefit in reducing people, if you leave someone's house. Leave the garden, it will turn into a forest within 6 months. It takes effort to maintain the garden. The forest does not require effort. Make any lovely garden and stop looking after it. Look, nature will come. This is the nature of nature. This is the nature of nature.  Whatever it is, these rich countries should not bring the poor countries to their level, this earth of yours is not man's, it is all yours, we have done what we had to do with it, by holding on to it, this is the environment list of the Chinese, it is their climate people.  It is their researchers who are doing their forecast, it is their researchers who are telling us that everything is not necessary, everything is right and wrong, it is their own, so I have started feeling thankful to them, I am not at all involved in all these things. Abuse the environment and don't take responsibility. India is doing very well. Maybe in 5-10 years, our solar bowlers will be moving towards renewable energy very fast and we will live like we used to. Together with nature, thousands of years ago and when we gave that golden bird, we can go back to that pattern. It is not difficult at all so I hope you people will understand this. Please share the video with people and like it.  Thank you