That Hello friends, Welcome to Family Series Video Number-12, perhaps the best video of this series is going to come. If you have not seen 11 videos then definitely go to the play list and watch them. Today's video is the story of this generation and we will introduce the takeaways team generation to you.  I will tell people which generation do you block? Write in the comment section and how many do you identify. What I will tell you will cause pain to many people. Average by watching this video.  It will happen because when knowledge and quality are combined then the pain reduces, the intention is to give, there is no intention to hurt anyone, if anyone gets hurt then write in the comment section, I will also tell you the cure for confusion, then I will.  I am telling the story of three generations. I will call the first generation as Soo, the second as Beck, the third as C, this is the generation, this is the one, those who were born in 90, Bluetooth setting 34, these are basically the people born before independence, it is okay for them.  Who are the children A? Who are these children? Those born in 1954, 1962, those born after independence, 1957, 1968 will be called B. And let's be sure to complete and say 98100. I will say school generation C, till the children, the rules of 2017 are being used. All are fine, so these three.  The generation was very clear, now I have decided that I have to say sorry to these three, how are you doing the playlist with them? What is happening in the relationship and what is the best way movie forward? The family which will watch this video carefully and discuss it in their WhatsApp group and will take out the juice of this video, that family will start feeling better from tomorrow itself by watching the video the next day.  This is a very powerful content, please like it and share it. Start your journey. India was a very poor country before independence. All the people of the 1950-36 generation are struggling with basic things.  Not seeing that time, I am not talking about Dhanna Seths, I am talking about cent population on General 20, so basically people give birth to many children, 4 5 6, if their children are full, then the feature is that the people give birth to a lot of children.  You can say that no one is born at that time, India was the only country, even in studies, Subscribe These people, in their childhood, in the middle class, I was for them, not for me, the journey was based on that.  I am telling from and this is not subscribe use relate to turn into, then when those people had to return the fees, the traveler went to college, there were many brothers and sisters, some brothers and sisters did good by doing good, then they had a lot of difference that one brother was  I was like an officer and a brother was like a peon. It has been seen a lot these days. How much difference is not seen normally. At some times, there is a lot of difference. Father is very poor. One child did good and the other child did good.  15160 was born, on that the Lord also came on the lift setting of the whole family that brother has blown away son, now you call the whole family, the next journey is fine Mary Worth sister TK help in another activity spring pure Ajay Raw What do you say brothers  There used to be an end stage difference because how many children were born at that time, if the child turned 15 years old, then there was an element of the child who is just coming, then it meant that the voters were on the default setting.  There was a lot of hard work and a lot of struggle for oil and when those people came into the middle class, this is the generation who did well, got government jobs and came to a good position, which is called no, the middle class was decreasing that the aspirations of the clan bought scooters.  When they bought such things, their sense of achievement was very high. Jain Beach said that every day he got anything. There was a lot of excitement in life, there was struggle, but the sense of achievement was very high.  And these people could make their parents very happy, that's why they gave transfer to father. Father was happy, father was poor, he never saw anything in his life, so the son did anything, the next generation did anything, service and water. If you do, then feeling and satisfaction and very high 2030 34 people when they get electron in their life, AC cooler car and see all this through child's sense of complete Akshay Questions Meghnad Parents New House Full Work  Very happy and satisfied, it is a big blessing in itself, even NFC is not progressing these days, Surya will move ahead, this is the pain I have to tell, now we will not talk much about one, that one is mostly gone, okay  We will not talk about one, it was okay, so this is also this generation from 1560, these people took the reins of decision-making very early in their life, Vikram is the most 20-8-2016 724 Silte Fikramand Started and otherwise Deol Sonu call the short I kept it in the farmer's village, it is famous in the length of Vikram San was Sudhir Printhead that record of the state Brother, is this my effect still there or something has become in life  I should listen to this because I am very poor and this educated person, when the difference of education is very very great specific in which those who are born graduates or those who become graduates. Resident evil 5 returned on period Stuart education barrier very high that the child is graduate and father is fifth together with eighth tenth time which means compass which means there was a lot of difference in that level of education so 20 people judgment is morning they got 64 very early it can  She is walking even to the crossroads, the pain is the same because there are generations who were born much better than those who were never born.  If the pastime does not provide these in early childhood, then the children who were born in this generation had a comfortable childhood, which means that their school was fine, they were sitting at the highest levels, they had good access to education and it was not like that which they put in their hands inside the panty.  You are writing by putting this and every basic gadgets Vishnu and your life was comfortable and this generation which became 15160 ladybugs saw that yes brother let's go.  Hmm are providing you well, you were this generation which has come in the market, not doing dinner with a great so that they can impress their parents on anything, now they can't make them happy by seeing the transistor because even the paint is filled with Atal, they have everything.  Some are already all set and the generation that was given that their generation moved ahead very quickly because one was very lovely and was at the bottom, they were the ones from the last independence period and if not a few then the son moved ahead quickly. But C was able to move ahead. The Amazing 2019 Left, which bought NGOs, came to them even with a single ad. There were 20 controlling ones. Next 9 B should work hard himself, he himself has earned a lot of money. Also added the setting of inheritance.  On Aspects Which Have Power for More in Value These Generations Can Ever  The problem is weak in that instead of competing in the house, instead of creating chaos in the house, something should be given to Akhilesh generation, let us do something, we brothers should do research for how many, I did it for him, I did it for him, I got the daughter married. Crime, I worked so hard, now I'm so tired, Bizarre thing, when it's your turn to murder, you get tired, DK, you'll do good to the world, this is good, I'm not trying to  Put a generation down is m telling easy and notice reality witch ultimate on household viewers 06 one person is witness in your house there is conflict and not a thing festival is special not the next generation anytime remember will increase mistake happens if we and children get it  It is said that one is older, younger is 3 years younger and you are older. Well, if you had understood this much about being 3 years older, then you are a good year older than your children. Release Why Your 64 Doesn't Leave Last Year Fans Problem Punishment Is Extremely Hi Dad Topic XP Accomplishments Road Just Best Talent To Leave This Weapon Circumstances Till Country Was Ridden Everyday Competition Was Very Less May Be Your Height Why If You Were Born Today  So you won't get it and even group-c won't get it, so I will leave it. Possible without competition, government jobs have grown manifold and even a lower class has access to them. Competition for basic things is very resistant and so you have to have a big heart. The young generation needs to keep these issues of our parents. Why is he Vikas, are you stop taking decisions and dictating terms in the family of tears, brother, you don't get power, you don't get it.  Democracy is also not left out because in the country there is a lot of decision making in it, there must be some workout too, high emotions are very good, there is a cleverness in them, so achieve the understanding of this app and show your printer that it is better than them, only then you will be able to open it.  There will be unity in the family, this is the name, no one has come here to break the relationship and to improve the relationship, we are on the side of psychology and story tellers, why is this happening, this generation is also on the side of the story tellers. Hand for Generations Seal Sona, the families who are handling it are progressing them further and whatever they say, I have done it for you, you see who did it for us, who did it for us, who did it for us, this is the tute of who did it for us, so you have to understand.  Yes, your mother's generation, speak only one thing, generation one's father, it is okay, they speak easily in front of the village, it is okay, your cotton floss, which is chakli, it is okay, the animal feed that Simran used to pick up is okay.  Do the work, if that generation would have crossed your mind that you have seen water in the tap, this comparison has really not happened to you, okay ma'am talking about the soil when she showered flowers with her hands in which I  hi- tech system gas, we write cashew middle, not talking, the poor have benefited by going now, 46 years ago, in the album place, its time, journal, talking cat, the class would have become a factory, listen to the whistle of the pressure cooker, their life was good.  How is it normal in their old generation, then he said, you did castor oil, do you know what it means to have eight children together, charge ₹ 500 out of it, do three, and what is that Roma of body, to that superhit generation for very happy, you made them You gave him the suit a little early, then happy anniversary and you don't want to drink as you are, what should a poor girl like a financial bell do, he can't buy you with the money he already has because you are sitting with more money now. Jobs and life are going away from them Marital life is going to be run by them What feeling will they give you So that I will change Don't make a virtual office cycle will always cycle Some people come in power for the time and time again happens And the thing about people Who came into the force and was thinking that if he got a match from the placement company, then he got the stamp of 'That job, if this Jhala 's expenses were spent in water, then it is not 10 different jobs, luck is a big thing.  Something good has happened to someone in life, a lesson on both the stages, this day celebration will not be in your time zone that we were there, we used to go to school like this, the whole Indian does it by walking, it is only you who walks and everyone else goes.  So friends used to go to school and we would go on foot Ishara Hindustani used to go on foot Hindustani used to write like this, don't make stress patient, don't do wrong, may your children be happy, don't struggle, may your children not have to do as much as you did. This is the kind of thing that you want them to do as much as you did in childhood, whatever you don't do in life, you have to take their pastime separately. If your people have given you this platform then now you have the platform here so that that dio will come.  He said that this platform will progress only if the country starts from all the people, father should subscribe from below him and that generation should be BCD should not switch off vestige, Restructure the X, involve the family.  Call the next generation, discuss over tea, talk together, do not disturb, democracy has become a dam, nothing is achieved by having democracy in the country, there should be democracy in the family also, although everyone likes democracy in the country, I can do anything but for the sake of the family.  There should be democracy inside also 7 8 9 10 12 Members should talk to each other What can I do about it How about the property  How can we increase wrinkles, how can we increase income, can we help in a job, can we help in business, what can I do for you, when there will be this feeling in the parents that what can I do for you, old age will pass well, as long as the feeling remains that  What do you do for me, what do you do, we have done so much for you, it will come out in bitterness, you want to extract more vitamins from it in pain, the last month of 5016 was good, so don't let that hard work go too far, that hard work is for your children.  Happiness You should be seen in it otherwise what is the use if you are not happy your next vision If you are not happy then this is the shop of progress and who benefits from progress I hope this is not a very well made video I hope people will take a domestic liquid Not something about one generation  I want to degrade them, but I am telling the people who are working now that their philosophy has definitely changed its channels. Yes, the children in the corporation are also very useless, but if the children are in the corporation.  So it's a peek into different production factories, the machines that make them, if their product comes out from it, then you will have to take responsibility. You cannot say to the production machinery, no, how come the water has come out bad, you are also responsible, so even if it is not coming out bad.  If yes, then it is your responsibility to please share the video. If you liked it then tell me. 13 14 15 Also, if you have seen the old ones in La Family serials, then do watch them too and in the same way I am  I will keep bringing the issues which people in the society are afraid to talk about, are afraid to share in family groups, there is victory ahead of fear, there is progress ahead of fear, Indian and Tuk on Indian should discuss with specific artiste not based on what is happening in the house.  The world is not ready to talk about what is happening inside your house. These things are happening inside the house itself, which I am telling you. Thank you.