Hello friends, when do you require a marital consultation, it is very important because as it is said, we have an idea as to when to go to the doctor, because we know a lot about it medically, if it is not getting better in two-three days then let's go. So when should we go for marital consultation, today I am talking about one of its symptoms, you guys listen, I am one of the top marital consultant, my reputation is quite good by word of mouth, so today I  I am going to tell you when you need me or someone like me. Understand carefully, if you are a husband and wife, then you need an outside expert because what happens is that whenever something happens between a husband and wife, the family members come.  If the family members go then they will take the boy's side, if the girl's mother is there, then she will take the girl's side, she will listen to the boy's side, but her heart will beat only for this and vice versa, if you will find out 50 mistakes of the boy's side, then when do you request as a  Husband and wife, it can be at any age, any age of the marriage, one year marriage, 2 years, 5 years, 10 years, 20 years, 25 30 35 40 years of marriage, they also have to do kashan, 65 to 70 years old people also have to do it.  That too, one should not laugh at such a thing, it is a very serious thing, okay, the theme of pain remains, okay, but there is dark humor too, life is not limited to this much. Shouldn't be taken seriously? None of us are going to come alive out of this game of life. Okay, so when should you take it? Listen carefully, when you can't even talk to each other without getting emotionally triggered. Now here are a few English words.  I have come, let me explain it to you emotionally in two-four minutes, you will understand the trigger, maybe you will also understand that there is a trigger, the cheater will trigger you emotionally, let me try to explain it, you are husband and wife.  You go to the office, you have your friend circle, you have acquaintances, you have peers, both of you work or one does a job, you live in the same house, you talk properly to individuals, you talk properly to servants, you are the servants who are there for you.  You are a driver, you are a maid, you talk to everyone properly, you are fine with your neighbors too, you don't fight with anyone in the office, you are like a normal person, it is fine, you are liked too, maybe you are a lot, I have seen you  Very high achievers in experience, they are doing very well, no one outside will ever think about what is going on in their house, but brother, when the time comes to talk to the wife or the time comes to talk to the husband, then there is little talk.  The fuse bursts as it is said that there is a trip and soon summer will come and the AC will be switched on. You know, you switched it on like this, knock on that knock, that thing happens, it becomes an emotional trigger. You did it like this at that time.  don't do  Don't talk like this, you will do it like this. You asked why like this? Let's go there to get it, we will buy it here, you will buy like this, there is one more word in it, I will tell you which husbands use a lot, see, you tell me, if you are a woman then you use this meaning.  Your husband uses you. Husband uses you more. There are dialogues with wives too, but if this video doesn't get too long, I will tell the husband somewhere, I will also tell the husbands. Is this wife crazy? Do you use her a lot? Today I will set these husbands. I am going to do this to women also, it is not like this, I am gender neutral but today let's choose today, as it happens, there are different days, today we will eat rice and dal rice, tomorrow we will eat curry rice, so today we choose dal rice. Okay, so I am going to set the husbands, I am okay, very good, I am going to answer, if your husband does or you have heard about someone's husband or your husband or you are that husband, then please write in the comment section ID ID Meaning Identification means, if I see 10-20 IDs, I will feel that I am not in such a state, I am not such a self-proclaimed person, people will say that it is a self-proclaimed thing, everything in life is self-proclaimed, okay, so what if your husband says like this?  You have to answer her, yes, I am mad, that's why I am marrying you. If you had a mind, the first thing would be to ask this. One thing you can say is this, the second thing you can say is, friend, what do you do?  Expect me to reply this because the one who is actually mad sometimes says I am mad and the one who is not will not say the same thing, so asking this question to husbands means that he is mad, is he mad, does the wife have to love her wife?  Why have you given birth to children with whom? If the wife is mad then there must be some effect on the children too because genes are there. How can you call your spouse mad? Is he mad? Is this pillow mad?  Kalam is popular in North India, it is popular in South India, maybe it has something of its own, I really don't know, much of my consultation is coming from the North, a different kind comes from the South, okay, I will not do that, okay today I will just stick to this.  I will do so, if your husband speaks like this then please write in the comment section, you have to give this answer. Second thing, I am doing a relationship workshop on Saturday 30th March, you should not miss it, I am a relationship doctor, if you attended.  If you have done this then you can become some expert advisor of relationship, you can also do consultation, I am going to give you so much juice in it, there will be a workshop of two and a half, two and three hours, it is on Saturday 30th March, you can register for it.