Hello friends, I have brought the next video of my job series. It is a very popular series. Whatever job you do, please watch this video till the end and also watch the old videos of this series. If we talk about a lot of knowledge, entertainment and mindset, then as many job seekers will be interested in it.  I will also talk about a set of reminders for those who are middle class, do any kind of job, if someone gets a little injured then take it, my purpose of getting injured is only for improvement, that's one thing I have set.  I will take an example and tell you some takeaway hookahs in 24 and if you start changing this in your life then your life will go on the path of progress. Any of these properties in affordable housing Gurgaon, I will take an example and tell you that one.  Builder agreement is made, go to tehsil registry, there they are asked for ₹ 5000, that old boy comes, how much have you done, who gave the money?  If someone agrees then please write Agri in it. It is okay. The oil guy comes and takes the token. I do n't know for what purpose but there are 5000 people. There are many people with jobs and you definitely feel that this is unfair. Why is the money being taken? One is official.  There are figures which are of the builder agreement, in which out of this 5,000, some officers are also taken and some boys are also taken, some person goes into the bottom of it to know how much is going to the government.  How much of my time does this paper cost? How much of the Red Cross's ₹100 note is going where? Who feels cheated from within? The employee always feels cheated. This is the topic and comment: We have to tell him that we are always told.  That we will have good days, we will study well, we will become intelligent, we will remove the competition, we will go to a good college, then we will get a job, we will remove the competition for the job, the rest of us, we will imagine ourselves in our mind and working.  Integrity song - Those who are doing a job believe that they are okay, that every man is an end, this is easy money, this becomes a house, works and after taking so much money, you do it with whom you climb.  It is said that these people earn very easy money, builder, stock broker, chartered accountant of stock market, see if it is Dr. Prachi, he wrote that it is okay, whatever work is being done in this way, it is a good work, blame him, do this work, it is good, you people.  two things will happen if you leave your work When you leave your job and do that work, you will know that actually honey, your job was better so you will go to your job or actually it was a very good thing as you were thinking, then it will be good for you, this can be the third thing.  Are and are not capable of doing but that thing is good but if you are not able to do it then you will respect that person. My request to the people who are working anywhere is to immediately stop considering themselves as Khan. Doing a job is a very low level job. No, what is a low level job, but what is a very high level job? No, the end is always there and the decision to leave the job should be like this. On the day you get the job, you have to understand that when you leave the job, it is your responsibility. I will do good work, when there is growth, now I will not be anyone's servant and when people below me will know, this should be on the back of mind when even you hold a government job, Jai that stage you reached in 10 years, reached in 14 years, reached in 15 years.  Every person should pause in between. The person who reaches the stage of not getting freedom from the job even after working for 20 years, that person is a very average person, living a very average life, he has no right to comment on anyone.  Year is allowed to make its cut-off in ten years. Upload on people commenting below 45 years of age. You have not yet reached that level but you have achieved the age of 45 years. 20 years you  You have done a job here but you still don't have the path to freedom, so please learn that path to freedom from those children who are getting it. Today is the best time in the history of independent India to wear and give something Ephedrine for Tijan I.  What should I do, I can do anything, a lot, a lot of investment money is coming, the film is very little, the government has given a very good push and there are many things to do, please tell me.  If I have to tell something and do it then I would not watch or listen to it. Ramdev ji used to do Kapalbharti every hour. I like it, but if I don't do it, neither will anyone listen to good things, listen to good songs and the second thing which is very important for everyone is to stop Adani.  Ambani question has been raised, the juice of bad-mouthing Adani Ambani in the country is good. Allen has taken a great pick. He is a very cool man. Look at the route and the caller or look at the caller. Seeing him, your Adani Ambani got some trouble. Tell me, because you have the same skin color as us, neither is it yours nor are you associated with it because you can compete with it by doing something like us in our country. Three-four generations ago, they used to do that at the petrol pump, okay, two-three generations.  First and now India has the right to be irritated, even in college, in their business, turn the currency notes upside down and perform the aarti of the rest, all of them are washed with milk. If you keep this mindset, then you will remain middle class.  Gradually you will become poor because the one who is poor is also very good in maintenance because we are the ones who face problems. This is also a big reason for correction in government jobs because the one who becomes a government servant after clearing the examination thinks that he will get food immediately. And I was engrossed in studies, I was in class plus fearlessness, so many appeared in my board exams, then I took out a competition, this one was the best, now when he comes into the government system, he is the best.  He hits the tube while standing in place. Is he jealous? Now if you say so, he is saving everyone. We are free from every person and we can also get along with every person. There is a system, so the man has faith when he sees that when his postings keep happening, little by little.  These days, he does n't get much relief from this, his salary used to be that much and he is seeing today that the one who was a back bencher of his class and the one who was innocent, the father was also not expected and the educated and prosperous one is doing something very.  I am good, wherever someone is doing something, he is doing it, he is earning, he gets jealous from within, then either he goes towards making corrections or I want to shovel the system, you are so little, so give it to me, this is the system, this is This is the situation that India is facing from the path of progress, this is also the reason why India's GDP growth is stuck at two or three percent. If India is clearly growing, then India is growing at eleven percent.  It is possible that if these things were stopped from performing the aarti of the job, they have got the job, there is no need to celebrate, it is okay, the job will be eaten, the job will be done, what is the future plan, tell me for how many years will one work or should it be a tissue, the job does not seem to be government, people like this He brings it home so that he wo n't take money from you. If you respect him, will you respect him? Are you late in taking the exam? Have you shot an arrow in a great pumpkin? It's like some employed people would be shooting an arrow in a pumpkin. If India-US had been formed, it would have been on China's side, at least they would have got a normal job, in a normal job, they become heroes, arrest everyone, how much nuisance is there in the human system, the status of that job would have been given from that level.  If yes, then please all the youngsters, go towards the job, do it, but do not get imprisoned there and how are they imprisoned? Why are the corporate people there? Have I set a reminder that I will sell some of my goods in the company?  I will work for Lalaji, I will work for the company, then that is very right, but if a person is selling tea in the market or someone is taking a token of ₹ 5000 and is taking more money for a haircut, the subject will feel cheated, do this very well.  Is this cake or 14th of 1200 rupees of 80's being cooked? So we are being robbed everywhere. The employee has the feeling of being robbed because he is fat as he earns money from it.  It is taken for granted that he deserves it, that he should be a government servant, go to his office and waste 6 hours of time, go home, take leave, suffer from stomach ache and do something else, yet he has cleared the exam, he is a government son-in-law.  So on the subject, but everyone else is looting, he himself is looting the system, no one cares about him, in the same way, the company is also inside it, whatever you are in the private companies, their whole blood is asked, the sugarcane is completely juiced out.  If he goes, it is clear from inside that he has used me and the other person is not feeling very easy, he is doing it like this and you have to see it, I will give the topics with more clarity that first message is this mindset relax.  Do it first, the day you think that people's job is Navraj Singh and average person and today I am stuck in this and everyone or want to become a wage and this is just fun for you.  Do you think that this man is making a rash decision, trying this method is the cost of improving life, please go to that person, don't leave him, say hello to him, what does he do, then when you find out that ₹ 500 out of ₹ 5,000, then he is the builder's.  The boy who types with him takes 500 with him, the one whose name I don't want to take, 500 with him, the person taking photos, 500 with this, 500 with him.  Actually there is economy and time has to be taken for its lips and system has to be set then you will have less pain. Okay and I would like to cover this in more retail. The video should not be long so do not cross the time limit for this.  I find these allegations very interesting to talk about, if you can bring me a like on this video with your friend and just say yes friend, it's okay and my mind will reduce by watching the videos of this job series. I will revise the job series further, the purpose of showing it below is not at all ok, there are many job seekers, our friends, friends, relatives and acquaintances are close and very close people, so it is not the case that even I do n't have contacts which can make them look down upon anyone.  What you don't have to do is to find out a little that brother, if everything is fine then please like, subscribe the channel, share the video with people, thank you very much.