India's middle class is facing a huge problem right now for which we go from place to place in search of solution. That is why we are unhappy. India's middle class is unhappy. Why do you think that is happening and how can we become more happy. Just Two Three Things Quickly One To Unhappiness Sells Because If You Are Unhappy Then There Are So Many  People like me will make you happy for money So unhappiness suits everybody And happiness suits the politicians It suits the entertainment industry Well it suits the food industry Because a happy person is the most useless person So is it good for the economy Because he is happy because ultimately  We have heard that story that a man was doing it very comfortably and he was sitting and one went to him, why don't you do this, then what will happen, then this will happen.  This will happen, this will happen, what will happen next, then you will sit comfortably and say that, I am sitting right now, we all have heard that story, okay, so first we should know that this is unhappiness, it is not being told that it exists so that everyone feels that.  This is one second practical way and why is it the problem of the middle class the most that they think that I will earn money and if the middle class gets money then I will do this to the rich and we will be happy with the money.  You will get it because when we see the rich people looking happy, staying in a five star hotel, in a resort, doing bungee jumping in the mountains in Goa, doing paragliding, doing this work or taking photographs or looking like a boy or a girl, wearing clothes, then we too do it. When I am telling a big secret to the middle class, this is a very high thing, the content is completely original thought process, now what is the problem that they cannot sustain it, so if I suppose you are  A middle class You go to a great resort Spending 14 15 20000 a day for four days Five days six days in a great place Let's go to Goa You go to anywhere You know, I ca n't repeat this I can't repeat this so much  Quickly because and this is coming at a cost of my 12 months' salary, 9 months' eight months' salary, these 18 months' savings. So 18 months old me now has to get happiness in these five days, so the pressure is so much that even after bringing a smile on the face, the soul will not be satisfied, what is the matter to Amir, I will do it again tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, I will do it again, I am happy, that's why I  I do all the work and I can do it anytime, so I am happy. I am not worried. When a rich man goes to a big restaurant, he does not see the right side. When a middle class person goes, no matter how much food he eats worth Rs. 100, he will still see it.  On the right side, how much is this dish? When he buys the plane ticket, he will see the day, he will also see the flight, he will also see the morning and evening. How can you be happy on a flight at 5:00 in the morning, friend? You can't be happy, can you?  You have to go, the 11 o'clock flight is better, sleep comfortably, wake up and go comfortably, but the middle class has to compete with the rich, but it is the same thing, the first dialogue is also coming that ego is writing chess.  Body ground cash is not sustainable. Bought a car but know that it will not be changed in six months and will not be changed in 5 years. It's been a year now and now the car is gone and got scratched from somewhere. After paying the insurance money for the maintenance.  My life is going away and then the feeling of calculation is coming that this is my time which has to be sold because of so many days of slavery, the middle class has sold so much of that time and I have got so much money and with this money I bought this and  This thing is not giving me as much happiness as if I bought a phone worth Rs 1,60,700. Now it is not giving happiness because you have shown half of it to everyone. Now no single stage is impressing me much, so now I have to give that.  Hey, its only 12, 14, 20 months, after that you have made your life better, this is a trap, this is a trap, should the middle class live like lower class than they will feel? Rich because middle class, when a person copies the aspirations of the lower class, a lower class will eat Golgappa worth ₹ at the ready, the ones worth Rs 00 will seem like a luxury, while the middle class, when he eats Golgappa worth Rs 00, sitting somewhere, he will feel relaxed and good.  Will do because now he is rich with relative to lower class like rich resort has middle class gone to the same resort but rich one  I don't feel any tension, the order is like middle class, there will be food for Rs 8000, 7000, 6000, so whatever bottle comes, whether it is water or mineral, it has a slightly different taste, but you drink that one, he will not drink it, normal water, not normal. You have to drink water, then why are you giving 000 rupees when you are giving five rupees, then give five rupees, friend, if the bottle is worth 200 rupees then what is the discount?  Otherwise, juice will give pleasure only when it is sustainable. If you want that pomegranate to become full like Diwali, then that full happiness cannot give happiness, then the problem is that the middle class should not copy the rich in anything.  Until that money comes on a sustainable basis, it's a simple thing, if you can't buy four phones, then don't buy even one. If you understand what I mean, if I buy a phone worth Rs 30,000.  I can buy four without bothering to stretch myself. Yes, that is what I can afford. So if I can comfortably buy a car worth Rs 10 lakh, okay then I am buying a car worth Rs 10. I can also afford a car worth Rs 20. I can comfortably afford a car worth Rs 10.  As if everything should be there, nothing should be taken except four to five months' salary. The formula for the house is 5 years' income. Now your 5 years' income is coming worthless, so yours.  That aspiration is something else, then you either take money from your father-in-law or add money from your wife or take it from your father. Brother, he can also give. If he gives, then the house will be better. Otherwise, your status in the house is the same as the five.  If your total salary is six years, then it is very important to realize that this is not for the middle class, the middle class is chasing these dreams which are not their own dreams also.  It has been told that son, seeing like this, all these advertising people do not come, all these top actors, some do not use the thing which they sell, some do not use the phone which they sell, some do not apply that cream on their face.  We sell them and put them in such a way that look how fair we have become, how happy we are, we eat this, that is what Alia Bhatt ji says, selling Frooti is fine, but when she came to Kapil Sharma's show, she offered Frooti and did not drink the curry.  They say that there is sugar in it, so yes, if there is sugar, then why are you selling it? Well, the middle class is chasing that if you tell them to take it, they will get happiness. If you don't get these things, there is happiness in not taking your time.  If you are happy to sell it, then whenever you buy a phone, think that you have bought this phone for 1800 hours by giving your life, then you will not buy it. You should weigh it with the hours, or is it a phone worth 1.5 lakhs, so much money. How many days  How many hours will I earn and how many hours will I save, because I have to eat, so if my savings go to this much per hour, then you will know that your call will not come.