Hello friends, this topic is for all D men of D year women can also see and understand what is happening, the topic is D writing on D wall is clear for all, there is a little English in it but it is clear, understand this thing.  What is happening, because of many of my previous videos, I saw this comment, why did they think that I make female videos, which is not D case, okay, in some videos, people think that today I want to tell one thing to all the men.  If men understand this then their life is full of chillies, especially in Indian, this should happen, are women bad, girls are bad, listen carefully, why are you feeling this chilli and what is happening, another reason writing on.  De Wall Historical Historical Listening carefully Historical Lee The way the system was running, girls were in great need of men for protection in the society, protection of father, protection of husband, protection of daughter, protection of brother. Protection of the people of our community Because of the attacks, someone used to come somewhere, someone would pick up someone and carry away anything, there were a lot of emotions among the people in their family because of their actually giving up their lives trying from you. Lives of D. Women and D Women and their Lives Because the system is like this, no, now the women do not need much, according to nature, you see the man who If taking life forward is one less thing, then think of a woman's birth in a 28 day cycle, they say egg, it comes, a man has crores of sperms, science has only one crores, so take it down.  There is no need to take your life forward, understand that your retirement is very less, even for 110 men, life can be sustained but because she is a woman, normally a woman has only one in 9 months.  If she can give birth to a child then her life becomes more important in today's time and this nature is throwing and there is a realization, so what is happening now, understand carefully, women also need a man to clean all the dirt, you know the actual dirt which is there.  There is electricity, water, to set up infrastructure, to run hospitals, to run the country, to run all the tantra mantras, all of them are less because women do not do all the work, that is why the dirty ones do not do less at all, they are dangerous and dirty.  She doesn't do anything that is dangerous and dirty, but I do what is clean and neat for them. They have a choice. The leverage is going to them. Understand this thing, you can't accept it completely. This is the result of men's hard work and sacrifice.  That we have reached a time in this 21st century where women have less need for men. Well, a knowledge technology, life used to be spent like this in protecting your female, then you have to  You used to get respect, now you still need respect, then you are so ready to sacrifice your life, you will not be there because that thing was difficult to do 30, 40, 50 years ago, it was very difficult to get money, it was very difficult in India to get food, clothing and shelter, so the government took a shortcut.  You have done the rest for our ministers, government men, let's make everything free, let's give an extreme example, everything becomes free, then there is no need for man, what is the need, then why should we reduce it while being awake and now  The female sex ratio which was very bad in 1990's, there is a demand in the marriage market for them, people of 80's got married whenever they could.  This is happening in the 90s, so now in the 90s, if there are less ladies and more men, then whoever is a lady will choose you, you can become anything and marry anybody, meaning today a girl can marry a doctor or even an engineer.  You can do it with a government employee, you can do it with a businessman, you can do it with a self-employed person, but a man does not have a choice, a man cannot choose after drinking like this that I am not living.  She's like you're beating me doctor why brother doctor doesn't you like that I will go with the doctor I will do it somewhere else you don't have a choice stop on this thing what will happen how long can you cry you have to see this is the way of nature  There is a system of security and when we gave security because women are also like that, without women, feminists do the biggest destruction. In some of the videos, no one said, I said, men gave like this, who are you to give, oh only men give.  This society which is on stage today But the security is on no order, it is a man's gift, just like many of the men's things which got spoiled were also a man's gift, these are also a man's gift, how feminist have you become, change is happening now, change should happen, it should not happen. So it is toxic, but when the sewerage has to be cleaned, when the crematorium has to be maintained, when a dead body has to be taken out from the drain, then I have not seen any woman doing anything like this, till date I have not been able to even do this anywhere.  There is a lot of talk about equality, it doesn't happen everywhere, so why don't we talk about it here, why don't we talk about it everywhere, most of the people are imprisoned in jail, why are they imprisoned, brother, there are more people in the top positions too, whatever activities happen outside the house, they are included in it.  Man knows why people go out of the house more, it is not necessary to go out of the house, it is a very good thing because Home Life Vikram on Movement Star, sitting inside the house and crying and only reducing the house itself and making it very big. it was easy man [Music] If he doesn't get a day out to do press outside the house or if people have to go from one place to another, he won't earn money. How many people are there who have to go out every day, only then the money comes. There are many people inside the house.  There are many people who will not be able to get it immediately, if their body is bad, their health is bad then they will not be able to earn money for that day and if those days go by for 5-10-15 days then their wife and children will die of hunger, then it will give up. Man, something happened today.  If the child is not born then it will take another month and man is not in such a system. 1 Crore 10 Crore. Do n't think like this. You understand that as per the need of biology, I am telling you that there is no need of man much and when technology keeps replacing man.  If it goes, then there will be no need in the system, a system can be formed 200 years from now, there are no people or there are very few because they are not needed, they are needed only to give birth to children, I told that when a man can do so much  you all have biology  Know mostly everyone, I will not repeat again and again, okay, so much is not needed, so this is writing on the wall, first of all, what to do for this, stop crying, stop tearing, stop suppressing women, controlling or previous Stop going to 18th century, 17th century, Sati practice is not going to start now because you did not like it, after falling for it, these old practices are not going to start, the old place is not going to vomit. Excuse story here, now we have to go ahead and go together, so one thing which is clearly visible to me, which is absolutely needed by men and women is that the emotional lead of the emotional partner, so be a little emotional brother.  Fulfill the need also, I have earned all this money, you have earned it, what less do I do, what do I do, what do you do, what are you doing, I stop doing this, at least get emotional.  If not, then women have started to reduce it. If they do n't want money, then they have started. You tell me, you are absolutely replaceable, you guys stay with brother, you are absolutely replaceable and women, we will reduce it and it will reduce further.  The more rundumal you become, the more you will start banging the plate. It means that you have to play the plate, as soon as you become a girl, there is nothing left to protest and celebrate. Even today the situation is very bad in North India, so it is still not like that people and recovered but fat.  This is that brother, thali will ring, thali tan tan tan, the talk has been stolen, the girl does not do the same to the calf, the same thing is going to happen here too, people should think a little in the society, it is accepted that tomorrow it can happen to you, then the person who changes.  Will be with you and will keep your genuine needs in your family, in your wife's life, in your daughter's life, in your mother 's life, in your sister's life. Only those men will be happy and progress in life who give them this  Will you treat us like you serve us? First of all, we have become sons. In Haryana, in North India, this was the biggest achievement in the life of a son. That son has become a king. The son thinks that the king is the son. The mother thinks that we are ours in the bus.  Like I have taken another one, this party is ending brother, the party is ending very soon, the middle class is ending very soon, there are not many rules and regulations in the lower class, they have a different system, so what do we have to do with the rich class? There is a completely different system and  Class is very low, maximum is middle class, so please accept these things and consciously see what is my relevance, meaning what will happen if you get up from this life, meaning your insurance and when you have money, then actually it means yours. How much will be the shortage, think for yourself how much relevance it has, look at one thing, your wife leaves the children with you for 4 days, Mike goes out for a walk, you see what happens at home and you go away the money for four days. You do not feel any shortage of doing sales or doing anything else because you are giving money, if the money is in cash, then understand in your own eyes, what is your actual value, what is it and what is going to happen in future.  Do n't be important and dirty because no one is impressed. No matter how much you get impressed, no girls are worthless, it's like this, you should not get married, don't do it, you have to do a lot to bring your life down.  Enjoy, you will die without marriage. It is written that those who become heroes should not get married. Leave your mother's house and say, go to the one and a half room room where you are living as a bachelor and tell me not to marry. Follow your mother's hands and feet.  If you are living then you get a lot of courage because the clothes get washed in the washing machine, the washerman presses them and keeps them, you get bread three times a day, that's why you have to get married, there is no need to do it right, if mom is doing less then more. Leave your mother's house, boys, and then tell me not to marry, then I will agree, you are a very tough boy, you have great power over yourself, even your mother has grown old and you are tired of living at your mother and father's house. Those boys of 25 years of age should be ashamed.  I will make a separate video for those who do less than their mothers. I will make a separate video. In this, I will also tell you a little about the food of man. This will be a video made on how the society has fooled me. Hey everyone, the food cooked by a man is very amazing and the way that man cooks food is not amazing. You cannot cook food with your own hands. Keep doing less than a 90 year old man. And man, you have love in your hands, okay?  A lot of people are being fooled in the society by getting hold of many things and the end result of each is that somehow the woman can tell any story and send it to her to grind, sister-in-law will eat yours, why brother's hand does n't look good.  Bhabhiji's food has to be prepared by you, I will definitely make it, okay and samjhaunga, if you enjoyed it then it's okay to tell and don't get distracted, do n't get distracted, it's okay, gradually there will be videos in the future also, some eyes will open and don't introspect from within.  Take a little more of this toxic mask, amity, toxic male and all these things that women also do, this is also not right, no one is toxic like you anymore, here the matter has become worse, it is okay for men, first of all they have to get a job.  They used to live in it, now they are neither able to get a job nor are their family members getting reduced. They are walking in a confused state when my request is that the flags of feminism are not more than women, it is bad that men are fine in feminism too. 20  Earlier, there was a lot of sense, according to me, now none is being made. Okay, the matter has become very bad for men. It is okay and this week movement is the day when man has made man's mind go bad and then all the shortcomings that man is giving you. Was  Now, he comes automatically to collect the garbage, it is only that man who comes to your house, check it, the one who rings the bell outside, nor the one who leaves with the smell in the morning, the day these programs are stopped, women will also suffer a lot.  If I am telling you this then it means that it is okay that men are confused, they are also a little stupid and they are not able to understand the transition and they are not in jail and it does not mean that let's kill them, they are your husband and your son.  You are your brother, you are your father, you are in a relationship, okay, every man and woman have some kind of relationship, this is the kind of thing I am telling about my family, I am okay, so don't do so much, okay, just wait.  And watch and see what is happening if you can. I am speaking to women and if you can pay a little attention to them then you can explain with love, especially mother is mother, son listens a lot, he will not listen to his wife, it is okay and till the daughter listens.  then the story must be too late  It will be too late, it's okay, by the time the daughter tells her father, the father is too old, teach your sons, all the mothers who have sons, tell me all these things that I am telling you, only then the society will change, the son listens to the man a lot, okay  If a man is taught a wrong thing, no, I will do it and a woman has to do it, then brother, then the wrong will be reduced, society is fine, thank you.