Hello friends, I will tell you about two things related to real estate, first is the merger of HDFC Bank in HPLC and what can we see from it, the common customer, second is for the NRI brothers and the news for the NRI people. Those minions who are ready, we are going to be left, then we will discuss these two things and you should take your takeaways. First of all, Pareek Saheb in SDLC is the biggest veteran of India and has knowledge of the real estate sector. But now the merger is happening, their commentary is coming, here I am giving a disclaimer, I do not talk about HDFC Bank and HDFC Share Price Equity Investment Demand, there is a lot of noise in it, in which all that remains, I am talking about real estate.  I will ask what is happening with this, so this giant is our Quid Bank, the biggest private bank and SDLC, the biggest land, now they are going to become one, so remove wealth creation is bound to happen which is going to happen with them.  But what are these people seeing which we also have to see given RC Next 3 years of drawn in real estate that was drawn into combined their energy as images for that customer satisfaction and job in their employee base is their structure is their sense which is of beans Marketing is rich, if we move forward together then this is a big indication of very good times in real estate because this has not happened yet, it has happened today and  In that, if you want to read his commentary or want to see the Power Point presentation, then please subscribe to my Telegram. On Agni, if you go to Oil and Normal subscribe, for platinum people, I have posted it. For Ander subscribers also, I will post it, so I will post the comment.  I will give it to you, read it carefully to find out what it is by converting it into English and Hindi and the basic mathematics was to tell the subscribers that  This is a very big development. The second thing that I want to tell is for people of zodiac sign, you have to see one thing that there is a conversion rate of dollar and rupee. You know, $1 comes to rs.75, at the time of independence, it was ₹ in 1947.  One Doctor Saheb of Rs. 1 is worth Rs.75 today, so you can see that the value in terms of dollar is the value, so let me explain to you a little mathematics of that, as many as in the US  There is inflation and what will be its difference to the level of inflation in India. At approximately what percentage will the Indian rupee devalue? Right now inflation is there in US also, it is high but there is price depression in India too. Hargovind Forward Inflation relative in India will be higher than this, it will be four to five.  Percentage, if it is two presentations in this and India has six percent since late or with Hussain test, then India's shot fall is five percent, thus five percent.  If it is more then your currency will devalue by five percent. Sensitive natural. Even RBI will not stop it. It is not above normal. If it is not there then it is wrong. Then your exports will travel so that I will not go into macro economics. I will base my point on this that if 4  There is going to be a difference of four to five percent in the next five years in a year and which is our dollar which in a few six-eight months was 7273 75 percent of the area.  It happened when it went towards 80, then the NRIs who are doing it today, they have their own apartment and they have to give express, then the express is in the thing and if they know how to convert it into doctors, then it is like a load of goods and in lakhs of dollars. If they are getting Rs 2 crore, if they are getting Rs 18000000, now if the dollar is used behind their back, they will have to pay less dollar, then NRI people can do their own calculations, this is the time, it has come, now and sons.  Also setting in India can do must avoid only thing which can do voltage also taker pic which where good friend good location good thing should come according to the budget because now Alappuzha effect has started lo let the loot be described as small in short  I wonder what does it mean that this has started in a positive way that if there are 10 sectors which will discuss about a few things, or if there are 10 sectors which do something or the other, then if  That individual ability to increase that thing in every factor is only one percent, so the ability to increase this is one percent, the ability to increase this is one percent, one percent, so ideally in these 10, the individual ability is one percent, so if I comment on these. Normally if there is ten percent, if all the same 10 are combined then there will be ten percent roll. You like it that if these 10 are combined then  F-35 went to 1% Individual capability was only 1% Individual capability was 1% But settle your time and space they will come together and they will put things up much more than the individual firms as you understand the dollar  The information is that you understand what is happening, what is the cascading effect from it, input prices are increasing, you are seeing that interest rates are decreasing.  Yes, it is all time low due to inflation, it may fall a bit in eight-ten months but long-term transitory is less, India which has demography, 10 lakh children in job market every month, alarm is not getting jobs, those are different things and  They are not going to cities in search of jobs in villages, now they are coming more to big cities, they are also going to small towns, so basically urbanization is taking place, now when they go there and find jobs, they will not buy houses but will rent houses. If you want that factor is coming from below then if you had thirty percent happiness in Banai Darshan India 2931 and it is going to be thirty five percent in the next four years and is also increasing by one percent every year then you have to calculate that  How many houses will need food, so many factors are coming together in this way, there is a push from the Prime Minister, there is a push from the Government, and after being looted, people realized that their family and themselves  This is what comes in handy on the third day, the money lying in one's own and one's own bank, the rest has no support from anyone, so people from left to right were going for a tour and so you saw, they were taking it secretly because they had no money to give their opinion.  Those who did not have a house, those who were masons, those who were not labor class or those who were at supervisor level, had made a date room of their own, here none of them went back. In fact, they remained friends and they earned double, three times the broom because here when the hot If it failed then definitely there was work, whenever it was opened in between but those people could not come, then these people have taken advantage of the work, that feedback kind of happened in this because they had their own house, so all these things are now coming in combination. Merger of HDFC Bank in HPLC is now big news and its solution or the cost effective will be more than that but its coming is a symptom and end equation of this situation and even in this way we were taking it so much by the police.  But if such big giants join because 2014, then their posts will also be shaken, won't it? If you know, I join a company and I hold whatever role it has and I say that I will consider it closed, then it is a very big thing, please. Write in the comment section whether you were able to understand this basic thing or if you have any doubt on this then please write 'Don't' and please, I have just started another campaign. I want to be our stock market indicator of real estate in Gurgaon and this project, take this rate, take this, take this rate, take this rate, take this fog rate, it will be accurate otherwise what will happen, how will you know after six months  Rate increase or decrease read increase or decrease you can not discover central you check the rate rate at which gives the final if you know then all those who want to know their gut about any project  If the rate is real, then they can write the name of this project on the number given to me on WhatsApp. I can review it. I have started a campaign for platinum members to review. You can also take platinum membership of the channel.  By pressing the key and join button, there are project reviews for them every second or third day. Your selected project may also be included in it. Information about the project may also be available in the knowledge base. Definitely bada hoga and you will be able to connect the dots of what is happening thank you very much