Hello friends, let's take the relationship series forward and today's relationship is children, so if you have children or you are also someone's child, then definitely watch this video. According to the modern times, I will tell for all the children who are in their early 2030s.  Is it applicable? I am talking about the middle class audience of today's children. Parents do not want to eat too much as much as the children are thinking in their mind. This video will be librating for the children.  I am going to explain things to them about what to do and what not to do and remove corrections from their life. All the boys do not know whether they have seen the old videos and movies of the pressure society or whether their parents were in that mood, so they  We also want to go into that phase that we don't know what service we should do for our parents, we should become something, we do n't know what to do that you don't need to do anything, period, those who belong to the middle class say, son, come, stop taking anything from us. Give us nothing much boys  Is also fond of getting his wife to serve him, give up this device of his parents that it is normal Ross because then he will love his parents a lot in the girl too, so I will also do it, I will give some percentage to the parents.  We do n't need to raise them, so what to do with them, to please their parents, to make them happy, I am telling this to the boys and also to the girls, first of all, stand on your feet.  become as much as you stand  You can stand up, you are not getting a job worth Rs. 1 lakh, hold on to Rs. 50,000, hold on to your butt, leave those dependencies, first of all, and those who have been married, please do whatever you can to maintain your marriage, maintain your marriages, any way is fine.  Suddenly Sindhu is the first peace, then suddenly Sindhu is the first, no problem, you get light when you talk about marriage, heat comes, then in marriage, if you have found a suitable boy, then go for it and if you have found a suitable girl, then go for it.  Gaya Nifil Lo Parents suffer the most pain, the troubles that come in the marriage of their children, the reports that reach the boy's parents, the girl's parents, Tried to Vaikuntha Yourself in Your Wife, Vvbz, the troubles of serving your parents.  Do n't spoil your marriage. And the parents who are listening, many people have become middle class but those who have not, please stop expecting anything from them, their life will be better.  Hardly Subscribe Uncertainty in Economic Uncertainty Money can be made very fast but is your child that is the biggest because the methods and systems of money making methods and jobs in digital jobs are all happening so fast that it is possible to miss the train.  So do n't put expectations of relationships in this. They are in a very delicate situation in their life. Set up a job, set up money, set up and once it is set up, have children, then it is as much of a challenge as you are to have children.  And Ali, please in thirties, there is no need to be so sad and stressed about the parents. Chamar word will copy touch add and I too will get older in my 1617 and will stitch it, then maybe your enrollment will be needed after last time you have settled.  Fennel First of all you should tonic petting settled and if all the parents you are listening to this focus in the relationship, if the child is set in the morning, then the child will be settled properly.  Your tasty percentage that only the issues will be Verizon, so I hope, I wanted to make this small thing only, although there could be a lot more, but liberate yourself with a sense of duty, the only duty is that you do a favor to me.  Don't do me any favors. If you remember Salman Khan's dialogue then parents have to tell their children that on one hand the British need a little more from us, so do that too and see for yourself, do n't do that in our service.  The society needs a monk or else there is always that thing, call it aggressive behavior or call it not telling, stop doing it to the next generation that does not talk to you, does not talk, reduces time. Ne brother, you were ours and find the purpose of children, which is the time, their energy benefit in uncertain times. On first of all, there is settlement and they are getting harder track what happens is destiny you have. Died during his visit to give to be friends. It was a little deep so that you can understand it, so if you guys understand the point then tell me how you liked it and do share it with your friends and write in the comment section. Thank you.