Hello friends, Affordable Housing Gurgaon, I have brought five things which are repeatedly asked for clarification. I had said earlier also that even when no one will make it on the updater, I will make it. On this matter, please like this video. Those whose questions will get answered.  This gives clarity, the first thing is the priority for which I will tell you again in detail, the second thing I will tell you is the method of cancellation, on that too a lot of questions are being asked regarding cancellation or opposition.  Third thing, I will tell you about the records, whether you will get less from the government, when will you get it from the builder, what to do, fourth thing, I will tell you about the loan issues that are coming, why they are coming, what is happening, we will discuss about 34 launches and I will do that point.  Will be the strategy? Still want to buy affordable. If you are at home and want to buy then what will be the strategy? Do you have the famous mine? There were two or three out of the five. There will be definite curiosity to know about it. So watch this video till the end, the first thing which is priority for those people whose family has already become affordable, family is defined as a policy, husband and wife, their children who are below 18 years, if below 18 years then do not apply.  If you can, i.e. only one of the husband and wife is married, if father is married to mother and you are above 18 years of age, then you are a separate anti-at, i.e. children who are 18 years old.  Those who are above 10 years are different antis, then who are the priority for and those who have any kind of property in Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi-NCR, then I will also tell you about the practice of it and what is its implication in the strategy.  What to do if you come in Priority For, what should you do, this Want to Apply or Not Apply can be a method for unknown, so I want to discuss a little with you that if you  If there is priority for then it is better if you do not apply in the new project then it is better that the reason is that which is private and free and which is not even affordable and the property is not in Delhi NCR Haryana, this rule is correct according to the people of Haryana Delhi NCR. No, this is not the case, I have made a video on it earlier also, you guys should also raise that issue as per the rules on different platforms, if you are in Delhi, NCR, Haryana, then it is priority for you, then if solar is used in any project.  There are plants and there are 102 applications ahead of the extortionists and there is no delivery even for the priority ones. You should know that mr 16 minutes data was received after listening to the applications, there was speculation which was 19200 in the final draw, only through this some Delhi, we are Saif Ali.  Yes, we can do that only 1200 priority must have been for Delhi, this morning this one second I applied for cancellation till then another project has come and you are in it.  If you want to withdraw, you can do so as long as it is live on the site. You will receive the withdrawal money after the draw but nothing will be deducted from your account. It will be saved. Once you withdraw, your credit will not be affected further. Above Champions Trophy Withdrawal is not put in it otherwise you can rebel unless it is happening after a month and you ca n't do anything else according to you ok in this I heard that mr16 had left And  Who was not there, then the people also rebelled against those who did, and I can confirm this officially because it has been heard. If you have done this yourself or have seen someone doing it, then you can tell that one.  There will be news, you can write in the comment section that our don has left and you have rebelled from there. If this has happened then please write in the comment section. On the other side, she is a profession, that setting would have gone to her last, after that no one else.  There is no provision in that, then it is fine, then the third one wins on the refund. There are two officers in the refund, the refund will be in lesser size. Firstly, even if your Brahmin has not turned out, then now there is a refund. This refund will be from the government because the money we are giving is  If the government is folding then the refund will be from the government but it will be different from the department if it is not withdrawn but if it is withdrawn then now you have to take the money from the builder, this is a big difference in that when you will take it from the builder.  So the builder will charge you, that charge is Rs 25,000 plus one percent chemistry is going on, till now this is a gray area, on this you have to get clarification from the government itself, absence of money in voice is a game of Rs 25,000 50,000, total so that musli is now locked. Those type of people can increase awareness by forwarding this medium of my video to the people who are appointed according to the calculation and according to the merit.  Please raise awareness on this, it is written in the policy that subscribe cannot have environment clearance, she was his daughter, so don't subscribe to the soil itself, I am in the same way but try to enter into this fallen very center, I am fine everywhere.  I could not get clarity from this, that is why this Champion of Champions is not able to tell many things. Those of you who are connected and have a better understanding of this, please write in the comment section about something that helps us.  Together we have to raise this question from house to house that so many people's money is being wasted, 25000 is going, then people say, what should I do to become a lawyer in the court, that is, to make 25000, subscribe to the channel to Every One India, then who needs a man?  If I do n't subscribe to share all the information I have, I get tired. What's going wrong in the loan sites now? I have to listen carefully.  If you people have experienced then please write in the comment section what is happening in the loan, as soon as people put it aside from any side till late night and it starts, okay after that the process of taking the loan happens.  Its list starts towards the banks, it grows quickly, then when the builders and the customers go to take loans from different people, then what they have told is that the rule of these banks is fruit.  It is approved, it is also factory approved, despite not going through its procedure, the common customer feels cheated, he is not getting the loan, at the same time he was not even refusing, it will take time, it will take time, here he is ready to impose penalty because he  Said that it has to be given in 15 days, if the meter of the joint goes down, then it is Agni Agni, if no one is discussing about it, people should do isolation time, those who are rich, who have money, who are They are taking it as per the investment but they have to take an oath, they do not have to take the loan and the next installment will go in six months, then after six months they have to take the loan, till then the loan gets sanctioned, it doesn't even take that much time. However, there are some deposit builders, there are some builders whose name is so bad that people are not ready to give any bank to them, so please do not apply for such builders, where big banks who make their own delusions, yours which are top banks. For this, SBI ICICI HDFC Axis also means you all know that it is giving you protection up to six and a half inches 1757 percent at quarter inch, if it does not give Remedy then there should be a medical option, it is okay for you people, so now there is only  These 20 will go to the embassy and they will give you nine percent, nine and a half percent or ten percent on this because if the receptor increases then this thing can also be bought from Delhi for the project.  According to the individual project, you people can ask me, I am ready to help you in this. If you are not connected with me yet, you can post it on WhatsApp. If you have not subscribed to the channel, then please subscribe. Share and subscribe the channel.  If you don't speak then let's reduce the request. Do the same with your problem. Fifth, if you know about yourself now in the bread, then it will come out of your house if your child is above 18 years of age.  If it is a pension then take it in the name of your child because his pension history will be created, he will get the loan if you apply your pay slip and he is on a different anti-social law, above 18 years of age, he has his own PAN in his Aadhaar card.  But because of its requirements and property, if you assess the answer, then the most affordable housing on position, the rent will be mode on interest received, Paytm boxing remind interest, then paint on the beach.  Suppose you have affordable housing worth ₹ 2500000 and you take a late loan of ₹ 2000000, then after four years, if there is five percent interest on it, then the value will be only ₹ 1 lakh. The onion worth ₹ 1 lakh is only 8.5 thousand rupees. If it is only eight and a half thousand rupees, then subscribe to calculate this amount of eight and a half thousand rupees. If 642, you also have to pay only Rs. 120,000.  Shubhendu, this is definitely a gas property, according to me, this is peace, N Children's Name, how did you like this video, please share, thank you all.