Hello friends, your flight to affordable housing has gone, which one has gone away, which one to keep has gone, one top floor has gone, whether to keep it or not, this is the question, there is a question on the loan, so if you have any three questions, please watch the complete video.  And send it to your group. Those who have such questions, those who have lost two and can keep only one, then they should keep the lower floor, if their ground is up to second, third, fourth, adopt this formula, if both  look alike  If it is in the name of a woman then keep it in a woman's name instead of a man's because Rishi's money will increase. Tomorrow when Rental Central will come, there will be less burden of income tax on it. If the woman does not agree then this will be the choice. Rest if you  People's top floor is gone, it is not a bad thing, you people want only one video above the top floor, N audience can also mean premium flat, then please write in the comment section about the top floor and make a great video on it. I will give  Because this question may be of many people, but I am telling it in the table right now because it is for decision-making, so if the top floor is yours, then take the one who is in the waiting list, brother. 15 days 20 days 1  Wait for a minute, if it gets cleared then good luck, your contact is also 102, that is a good project, Kuwait list is 15, you are 20, someone is 25, 38 is 40.  Wait, who knows, what will be the lock in interest in a month. Now the last question comes about the loan, you have to understand that the builders spend many times in taking loan from the good banks because in their script.  If it takes too long then it takes time, 15 days on net. People are not ready to wait even 1 minute more on that day because many times they start the loan process and ask how quickly it should be done otherwise penalty will be imposed. Oh, so much penalty on the head.  If people have taken tension, then loan art person is ready to take it at seven and a half percent. Calculate that penalty. If he is imposing penalty on you for 15 days, then the interest will be 15 cents, even if you take a normal loan.  So if you take 67 and a half cents, then eight percent is being lost because of this, so if the eight percent of the ₹ 5 you have to pay becomes ₹ 40 per month in a year. If it is ₹ 3000, if something is deleted for 15 days, then why are you taking tension on the issue of 1.5 thousand rupees, you are taking it yourself, why are you giving it to someone, then what if you have to pay 1.5 thousand rupees, but on the first day,  Please react, people are waiting, my allotment letter will come, then my mail will come, then I will talk to the loan person, so brother, don't wait till then, if yours is out and you have to take the loan.  So 8 today you can WhatsApp me Oye Oye N because this guy in the hotel is not happy doing much work, okay sir, he does more for the people, he wants to relax the people, whether it is a loan of 20 lakhs, whether it is a loan of 2 crores or 20 crores.  The amount of loan required is the same, the hard work is the same, the documents are the same, your pay slips for six months will be required, IT returns for 3 years will be required, property documents will be required for sixteen, bank statements will be required and Aadhaar will be required.  How much time will it take, how much loan will it take, then when the procedures are referred to, they will be someone normally field also very much interested in this agreement, however still a few people, which is my ordinance, you want to take loan, please take from the bank.  Where the interest rate is low, in a hurry, I am getting 3.4% less points from some good bank and it takes 15 days more to get my money.  And in the second one, my quantum matching has been done a little quicker but I will have to pay more interest but my penalty will increase. How much fear will I have? Calculate or else calculate. First Choice Point Police proverb that they heard please write in the comment section.  Na and whoever wants a loan, please do not write loan in the comment, Gyanpeeth help in the WhatsApp loan to me a bird process, thank you very much.