Hello friends, Signatures above, the result of the draw of affordable housing has also come out, it was a very good draw, I will discuss on it, now after the draw, I would like to tell you one thing, so stay connected, those who have drawn and want to know the result, connect with WhatsApp, you will see.  Had applied for this, see Vidhu who now has to take loan on this, don't tell Dhairya connect with me because people facing difficulty in taking loan happily went out to do that and everyone else has to do this.  So now, if not its number, then it was only in one type-2, the applications came a little more than 80% and in the rest of the places there were almost the same number of applications, that is, almost 98% subscription. Okay, so this was a coat product where the type four got a lot of life. 341  354 Those who have any property in Haryana and Delhi are called Priority Four. Now the attention of Priority Four has gone out and I had told this to people from the first time.  And 99% of those people have come out, so now people in this, Bollinger is good, bad is far away, no feedback is very good, it is from Signature Group, it is very bangon, it is on meter road, nothing is coming out, quietly taking normal time, better.  The thing is content 102, so the results will also come. Friends, if you cannot come out in it every day, then those who want to go to the priority for many places, so called Akshay wala, will come out in the best one, these will be posted here. Forget about passing, your question paper will not even be checked, so discuss the having and not having paper accordingly, then I had told people and today I will tell you that if you are looking for this kind of housing in Dantewada and backward areas of India. Check it out, it's okay anywhere else in Supaul district, don't feel bad about the palace, if you tell the district of the people that it is different, where nothing is happening, great Mahabir Kar, and you are getting it at this rate, then that too is worth taking.  There is no problem, this is a good work, it is inside Gurugram Loot, so it was a very good product, it was worth buying, I had explained to him that according to the plot of James, yes, what is the rate of the songs and what thing should come out and what thing should come out next to it.  I made it so that those people who understood the thing, those people who are happy to get the loan today, please write in the comment section that it was a very good thing, subscribe and other people applied and they got the loan, I am very happy that they got the loan.  He is  You can connect, you want to know the result, you can connect, and very beautiful, two BHK, open for the middle, subscribe then there was skin, so almost, if we add both the things, then subscribe, this is what people got inside the subscribe.  And if we calculate in that, then 2.5 thousand people have gone to the fit super area and that is the cost attraction, so the land got for skill training can be 80, if the land in the adjacent area is 70 thousand.  If square yard plots are being sold then you have got the cost function and you know the rate of the land next door which is 70075 net ₹ 3000, how much fanfare they have in those plots and if you know about some builders, then one weight very very good bye and now I  I am very satisfied that the people who took out and understood the symbol turned out to be theirs and who were going to reap the benefits and open the window till the fit lineage, Gates Punished by Next Year Gurgaon University  Greater operational construction to yes, six laning of Pataudi is going on, that site will be completed, your Dwarka Express will increase, connectivity will come which is far away from here, if it will be kilometers away then all the glory will come, all the words are being made from that side.  If it is not happening from Pataudi onwards till Rewari, then this area will develop and the price point which was available, the chances were respectable and the issue was quite favorable, so those who understood and put things in order for them I am very very happy thank you went on