That Hello friends, I will tell you the strategy of affordable housing now January 2230, who can follow further now, there is some affordable housing for embroidery and hair for those with priority thun, 6261 more people will be the focus, those who have left and in  Also wait for the result, if it comes out then it is 102 of G, that is why it came out, there is no need to force it, now on this channel. Want to subscribe because I live in Not Means That Not Even Some are quiet so anyone who wants loan in affordable housing can write me loan on WhatsApp and lunar month can write in contact with me on WhatsApp then I will tell you on that  The biggest thing that will happen is that the day your allotment is done, you know that I have to take a loan, start the loan process, if you wait for the allotment letter, then that  Precious time will be lost to you and like if you get a letter in this note today with a date of seven days, then your meter will go down and the loan sanction will not happen that quickly and then you will have to pay penalty. This is the biggest problem people are facing. Second thing is this thing.  To wait, if you live in Delhi Gurgaon, as soon as your photo comes out, just go to the builder office and see where his office is because in future too, commuting rates may remain.  There may be a need and it is okay to take your rope in your hands by paying through your cheque, then think a lot about what someone will do to you, the mail will also come, it is like this second refund which is going to happen with time, if it is a drama. Even if you are not waitlisted, the government will do it. There is no need to save a lot of money for that. WhatsApp number is not given. Keep the number 33 34 35 applicants and now the decision of hair from 19 thousand is more.  Those who are passing 13-14 years, the applicant is not strong enough to pick up the phone, you should also be practical, now the government is putting it, now we cannot control it, but now the money will come first, there is no need of pension and if you  If you have come in the waiting list and want to cancel, then contact the builder and tell him that I am not in this list too, I am coming out to get it, ware tested, 15 days, one month wait.  Try it, you get a rough idea, the waiting list is at the very bottom, on 108, meaning if you are of that level then it becomes difficult to clear because so many people have not canceled and still if you want to wait, then do wait because ultimately it is Rs 1.25 lakh. If you calculate 500% interest on your poverty, you will see that it comes to ₹ 500 per month, even after waiting for two months, the interest will be only 1000 rupees.  If the losses are not more than that, then you want to try weight and see. Meet those who are weight, there is a waiting list in one, apply in the other, the result will also come, okay, then the motivation combination on diet, you all can exit now.  The time is too much, no, there were a lot of priority calls for, if the drama people had applied then their priority call will be issued, take Super Bheem Super Bheem, for all those who have applied for priority call.  The chances of her coming out there are very high, I did not cover it earlier by coming on YouTube because I had told people about it when it was going on, but now I am telling you that there was a very good chance, there was something on 84 meter road in Sector-95. And Many people were also considering to make a 100 yard plot on 7075 Daru next to Inch Deendayal and the thing that would be constructed on that plot would be the costing of 42-43 lakh rupees on a 100 yard plot and feet carpet.  The area will come out there, you were getting fit on it, the phase was super, it was 50 lakhs, there was no need to think about the guarantee, then it should have been applied silently, but people still thought that Chapter Note 5 Pro is super yummy, I want something better.  Priority for your practice will not come out, given priority only apply more and if so applicant is flight and 102 practice is replied then writing work in this  There will be no question paper check either, it is okay, if the children in the family are grown up, they are above 18 years of age and predictions and consider different Kamali apply Andher name is okay, reduce the expenses here in the marriage, half the browsing should be bought for the girl.  Before marriage, the name should be in the girl's name and in the boy's name, if the marriage does not take place then both can live with each other. Now when the marriage takes place, both of them will be the owners of the housing on one photo.  Special very good evening to aid young couple and parents instead of wasting money for marriages, which is a function, it is also a function of four hours, clap it and go away, these days you are not even able to pick it up and because of the limitations, then utilize the opportunity, the person will ask, grand life is okay.  The number of accused does not become strong by spending 50 lakhs on the marriage of all these people, it becomes strong by having love, by having trust, it will add to the end life so that you  What a nice living young couple. One owner has two front arm holes, so they get a good start. They can live on their own and whether they want to rent or not, they can also take advice. This couple can live in any good society.  I can live anywhere and in an expensive society as per my wish. So I hope that in the coming time you people will subscribe very well. I will not ask you how I am. I have counted 245 more children. Currently, I have named two.  Please tell that Maji Ultimate is expected to come in Sector-99 and will definitely come in Sector-62. You will get to know about it on the website on the rear seat. Both the products are very good. The upcoming 24 more are also very good, so much so that you can enjoy them. Like, if we want a job, everything is fine, but it does not mean that if we get the recipe, we will take it or if we go to a bank PO somewhere, everyone does it, so while applying here also, it becomes a matter of if I do it, then it is not the best center.  For  Subscribe Election Winner Main that they were not the first three videos in the last video, okay, so the withdrawal option is ruthless, you people have someone applied for withdrawal, you can do it a day before the date of withdrawal, so that facility is also available to you.  Pass that if you understand that University Study Don't Want to Paper then friend charges in that next month then you can go cash withdrawal which anyone has questions and that  But if you just want to ask, you can connect on WhatsApp. Will try to answer this question.