Hello friends, once again the system has turned a blind eye to all this regarding the parking of affordable housing, so today's topic is parking of affordable housing and many questions are coming, you people also have to participate in this and this is the right place to identify.  Many people said, Sir, you had made many such videos after reaching the office, on which it seemed as if a hearing was held and the old audience, we know what that hearing was on, okay, so let's see that he is making it today.  There is a hearing on this, otherwise there is no victimization. These are car parking charges. Officially, they are mentioned as five percent because after passing the commitment there, their rates for getting it in the Haryana Cabinet are three and a half, three and four. You guys tell me how much are the rates, which is ok in the market.  What is being heard is fine, so what can be done in this, where is the problem in this, you have to see this, according to me, the problem is within the policy, 5 cents are there, this is the tool when someone, now many of you, people know its lyrics.  I am saying that you are chatting on behalf of the builders, should there be five for free, hey, how many lakhs of rupees is it from Gajre Tagore and Gurgaon, tell me, what is the speed of a car, but it is 14 pinches, it is a car, and when it is 246  If you need some space to open the door then please let me know if you have any problem. No work can be completed before 10:00 am on 4th or 15th August. There should be open space and if it has to be done in the basement then it should be in the basement.  He will have to build it, he will have to pay for it, do you know, okay, if a big builder is a renowned builder, earlier he used to charge Rs 45 lakh for car parking and it is okay and even now if additional car parking etc. has to be included in the system.  So if you have to pay 57 lakh rupees then I am not at all saying that you should reduce it from 1.25 lakh to 5 lakh but at that time 1.25 lakh is less than that and today if people are forced to give or are giving 3.5 to 4 lakh rupees.  If it is given in JAT and the finding value is in two, then the finding value is net. So if the system gives the option of car parking at the time of application itself, then at the time of application, this is my suggestion and calculate the rate in it, Rs 2.5 lakh, 50% of the people who draw.  That too will come out of lots and the bid system for the rest was that if suppose there are 800 flights and there is 500 late parking, then bid for 250 parking at 2.5 lakh.  The meeting is fine, which is a good rate, 1.25 lakh, so those means, it is an eye-opening thing that like I will go to the hotel and I do not get food and assembly, for 1.25 lakh, no one knows about the food in the parking lot. Well, one thing today. Want to show you another thing that rule thirty percent people toilet that rule for improvement is a victim possible for any big rule thirty percent if the deposit is below and  If 70% people are ready to follow then that room tow can be implemented. Do a lot of research on it. So if something is being violated at 40 cent tow, it cannot be included in the law, that means it is also a set.  When people have closed their eyes in the car parking, have people please liked this video? People are okay with it. There is a requirement to change it. This is the later stage of application only. As of now, as many as you like in double Aa.  There is a hair mask in it and the builder wants to do his program later, it is okay, this is all Chindi's work, give in this much, while giving in that much, the world is taking, then keep asking whether we should take more from someone or not.  If you feel that it is taking too much then don't take it, it is okay if the work is being done wrong, then if this work is being done then you don't have to do anything, you have to make it fully legal and formalized, all the builder lobbies should come together and now they say that builders should come together.  Why is the job going on at this time? So the public has to see that because I am saying that if you put that parking in a cost apartment then you will get a loan, you will get income tax benefit, the government has to see this but then you have to see that this  But Rishi's money will also be spent. Okay, how much is it costing right now? Is it accounting or if the government wants to help people in Excel, then please tell me some GST on it, what is the actual registration cost and tax. send it everyone  It's a matter of class, we want to help, we will change the rates, but we will add some more additional judges on this, we will also waive off the expenses of taxes and registry which are incurred by the third judge, there is a lot of people on this, one Deepak ji is also there who is my friend. In affordable housing, they are also connected, that is, they are members of the association etc. So, through this video, I want to enlighten the association members that instead of writing in English, they are doing this to complain.  Hey, you have to do it because 40-50 percent of the people are saying okay, now we will take the trouble. The one who has the extra land cruiser, the excel, the poor man, the actual screen waster, it has become very bad right now, the actual man who has  Another pinch is that he feels cheated because his voice is not being heard, why is it not being heard because he is in Minor OT, he does not know how to speak to me, whom should he go to or he has told the whole system like this.  It is not possible for everyone to be in the meeting, so it is not possible to be in the meeting, it is not possible to be in the meeting and put 19 but he said, this is the last one BHK, it is 16-17 lakhs, so even more than that, it is a shame to keep it in the parking lot, how to do that in the car.  Parking, this thirty per cent of flats, this is also a problem, so it is for you people of Miliband to see, according to me, the question of this tool is the rate, according to me, all my calculations are done and I have a lot of knowledge.  Am I or do I also keep the information about the mathematics of everything as to how much space is there for Ray's car because gift day is closed or something else, then the place is so deep that you know the rate, lakhs of rupees August month ago are kept everywhere in Gurgaon, even from cot to cot.  And the place outside India is also fine, the network is getting more than that, if the drill is fine then I think it is perfect then the investors in it should bid, okay or else there will be a drop of 50% and it will be back to two and a half.  Put it on lakhs in its pray my system if you find affair then you can ask to element it by tweeting it you have the best idea that it is more acceptable because we don't have to stay on logout these days builder  This government will not keep talking to us, nothing will happen, we will get support from the government builders and the association formed by the public, those who want to buy, these three parties have a loan, people like us will also come and sit on our behalf.  The public will also give its own, the public's representative, not the winner's representative, the Independence Party, which calls it consultant export, talk about all the issues and help people in doing research, then if they want to mute my service like this, then they  I am ready to provide free of cost service in the position. Whatever I will talk about because it cannot be told in such a long video, it will be logical and the builder will also happily accept it if you also.  Accept that towards the people, when the draw is acceptable, then the customer is the voter and if the voter likes it, then what is the problem with the government in putting the stamp? There is no problem because the government is also afraid. The government says that if I increase the rate in the house, then it will be charged.  If there is a problem then even the government is afraid of hunger and the government has fixed such a rate which is not only acceptable, meaning a common man is actually taking 1.25 rupees from you.  It is impossible to give that much physical space in lakhs of rupees, around 15 o'clock, it is impossible to give it empty space and even if correction has to be done, even in the construction, whether you make a flight above Rs 2 crores or a chapter below Rs 25 lakhs, so that we spend the same amount, then this is  There are calculations, we have something for this, we can do the calculations together and we can resort to this with brotherhood and intelligence. How did you like the video? Please share it with people.  Because the more people you share this with, the more cancer will spread in the market that yes friend, we are having this party, you can't help me because today someone will start asking for three and a half to four lakhs of yours, some of them for four and a half, five and a half lakhs of 5 lakhs.  There is no Indian to take me upstairs. The one below is Rs. 1.25 lakhs. According to me, 50% of the time should be spent on Rs. 2.5 lakhs and the rest is free. If the builder feels that my cost is effective at Rs. 3.25 lakhs, then  That can be subsidized by what appears to be his innocence. This is my thank you thank you from my side.