Hello friends, today's topic is Height Gussail Ek Aap Aur Dimple Housing Project in Gurgaon. Earlier I have made a video on Affordable Homes in Gurgaon and Frequently Asked Questions. I have also made another video, if you guys have not liked that video.  If you have seen it then you can see it before this, I am going to tell you how to select which project as per this because this question has been with me since the fifth day.  A lot is being asked, people from Bengaluru, Kochi, Mumbai are also asking, so the people from outside do not have much idea, there are many projects, they are at different stages, many more are coming, so I have come up with a template that  Telling individual projects and covering them again and again is the same work, so I will not get into the micro details but today I am going to tell you only a template which if you follow, you will get a lot of idea.  It will be known that you and Dimple Yadav Singh are point note winterers in Gurgaon. There are 8 to 9 builders in which more than one has built happiness. If you Google it easily, you will know their names. Then we will divide these winterers into three categories. This is the top  Class is also middle middle but C is in a slightly different style, so this is B and C and the location will be divided in different ways, the location of A cup is in the middle, the location is a little middle and C is a very light location.  We have to see that there is no straight forward answer. Top class builder is coming even at a very remote location. When a top class builder comes to a top location, 17000 applications go to the project. After the goodwill letter, all that becomes known to the whole world.  The only thing that remains is that now the winner of the class can come to the location as well, can come here as well and can come here as well and the one who is from Bhinder, you can bring him here also, you can bring him here also, you can bring him here also  Are  So now you have to see which builder is there and what is the location, then if you follow two rules and principles then you will not be a Rome, then you will not have to ask anyone again and again, right, right, right, right?  This entry becomes this question: Yes, the son of the location is 70% of the location, there is cent on the table, the builder's daughter is thirty percent, the winner is all, you cannot do much wrong and very basic houses are built in this.  so some  Anyway, there is no need to think that everything will be done by the builder, so much so that I am not able to understand this thing. Very basic houses are being built, so thirty percent weightage of the builder is necessary in that too and this is one thing that you have to do about the location.  That is the shoulder of C level and the location of C level is the location at the very bottom and the builder of this level should join them till this C winter mode is the top location of love, if there are cases then it will be difficult from there.  It happens that the location is even better, but if those who are coming, then the projects that are going on, I have said that it is very difficult, some special unit is available, they can take it sometime, but now I will tell people only for those who are coming. Projects are available today and for those coming in a few days and in the coming months, apply Frigate. If the top A player is coming in the B level locations, then also take the A level winner if he is coming in the top location.  is acting and  It is also coming on location, so you can take it. Now I will give you that and some clarity in this. If you understand what is in ABC, then I will tell you by taking examples of five projects. I will tell you the fifth one, so this is the first example in this. In this, I will complete the project in three days.  I will not take names, you people will understand after doing a little research or you can ask me which names I will take because if you want to praise then you can mention if one is the top winner in one or the other is the top builder in the location. This is a top position made in winter, which is its location, the bet is based on that level, if there is any location, it can be considered as the worst location, yours is exactly touching hundred meters from Najafgarh drain, it is fine, 50 meters should be the position of that location. In this project, the application has come, friends, 7230 percent and mentally this is 8 percent, so you have to see that it is in a bad location.  Also, what is the result? So you don't have to worry too much, but let us tell you live according to what has happened and you can easily scroll through it. So, this top builder location is the worst, so this area is second among them.  In the example, let me tell you that a mid level batter can definitely be considered as the worst location in the winter play list. The sign from the cremation ground means that the facility has been provided to them so that if you keep them in the same facility projecting then they will be quite disturbed.  The situation is like this, it is a project where the position has been made, now it is good from the side, there also the appreciation has come sixty-five percent and along with Retailet and Sangh, all the attention will be diverted and whenever the government comes, it will become a 24 meter hurdle. It will be removed from the ma, it will be removed in a year, it is getting that luck of 2 minutes but now it has to be removed and then it is not built on it in both the projects of Dwarka Expressway. A lot of rolls because these two fonts are on the same one, this one is now being made in Express, if one is found dirty then its result will never change, I told you that this will be a change with all the attention, so its rates will increase, so I told you this.  I told that the third project was done by a builder in 2016 which was 60 bad, which has come but it has not been built yet and maybe it will remain for one more year and he is a builder, if you boil him, if you get to know then he is not the winner of this level. Seeing Gaya, she competes in it, friends have got delayed, as much as three and a half water costs ₹ 400, but if you take it towards 5 and a half years, then it is definitely a project before the Railways, it came in the rear and reset the meter.  If you have taken the time then it is fine but no one from here is complaining that the vacation spot is so excellent, we talk about the premium of great market in it that how can we not sell it but which is gray.  The market says premium, they say it in shades, it can be shifted, it means you are not in position, it is like the spread will cross over a hundred percent, what an amazing location it is, the woman worth Rs. 10 crores is amazing all around for her project.  So those people are not worried, it is proper that the builder uses two and see this, you get one net with you, but what is returned is the matter, they see employment from the wedding, from my chief guest project, I took the name, I give the name of two products.  Suncity 102 is 70% hundred percent subscribed and it is in six on its road. Dowry definition is already done and don't forget to share, I have given 500ml of these two in good projects. You can't do that if there is any problem in the one where there is no problem. And at 10 to 11 st of Garhwal that I told you, so you people should do this calmly in such a way that the result is done, these five have been made.  So I told you one result, there is still a lot left, so now I will tell you that next on this, in Keep Your Part 4, you know that people are worried but normally when they come to these projects or when you go to select them, then profit question no.  Also you should keep in your back side that how these questions were asked in the examination, high tension price is necessary in this, in many affordable housing, the project which is near the airport has 501 houses in it.  If you are going on the basis of hydration, then you have to look at something in which the car parking space will be closed or you will add towers below it. Every person will stop here according to the investment. According to that also, the person is seeing as per his own view that  I don't know from whom he is doing less than that, if you complain about the flats worth crores of rupees, where their CBCID is C and GST is more than these, then since when will I look for you in those flats, he is blaming us for urban relatives.  Along with that they have living room, second point comes to Cheta ji, this is a very small house, only ₹ 50 carpet area, two BHK of language, close to 660 years and fennel, its balcony is not small, I have made a video in Mumbai, real estate please. Look at that, these jobs of people are in the city of ₹ 3000 and this discount on electricity seems small to many people, it is okay and those whose salary is even 33 lakhs, their children's jobs are in the city.  So, they do n't have to live in the flight themselves, it is for investment purpose, but the flight is small, according to me, it is not small, it is not small fat by any standards, this fat is enough, if you calculate its size and see, it will be at 10:00 and 11:00.  Do I have a conscience? According to me, it is not small for the amount of layer charging. At this rate, you can get any village, anywhere in India. Rajasthan, land can be cheap only in one place and from where land can be bought. Don't cost me if I tell you that brother, three rooms, Jatin's room, three maids, drawing, dining, one question, not twice, milk, you can make 26 lakhs and show it, there will be no talk of profit even in obscene posts on the phone, party, technology, construction and land. Job from cost and clearance, all that cost of fund is nothing, only you own many villages where you have land zero posted now you want to buy me 3 bedroom drawing I have kitchen floor  If someone makes a balcony twice and shows it and tells, then the oil is also a surprise, okay, it is not small, then a thought comes that yes, you do not have car parts, car parking was approved by Haryana Government on 24 December 2019, it can be made.  There are two upcoming projects that will come in this, are there any apps that the builder will cover five percent of the cost of the apartment and will pay for the extra car parking? Now it will come covered, it will come open, it will come dedicated, how will it come with a model building on it? Even in a very old project, if there are more than 65 loot allottees, now they grease it with double housing, then you builder can take the price given to you and give you a mouthful of subject Maths on 5th cost. According to me, OBC 6 persons will outgrow more than this. Inter zone two wheeler parking was available, so many winters can see the space for two wheeler under the state, there is a space for four wheeler in it, so that the car partner will take out in the open space.  I am absolutely sure that sixty-six percent of the old ones will also be in a frenzy, I am the noise batting five percent of the cost most societies, open the old ones too, they will come to the position, they will do it in two-three years, so this point is also One common symptom I see coming out is that your lips are too flat. There is no dialogue. Asking about the calculation process of people but what is the population of Gurgaon. I don't know how many people come here.  But I don't know, okay, but I have an idea that in Central, they know that here it is like a forest village, like the affairs of big elders, Wazirabad, Jharsa party's Radhanpur vote cut, the whole story became a pot of sin.  Yudh Nupur, many people live in these and many children are coming from here, what is that? No, Mewat, Rewari, Mahendragarh, Bhiwani, Rohtak, Bahadurgarh, if this last one of yours is coming, then those children are coming.  They come for jobs, their jobs are between 25 to 40 thousand and those children who are coming, they cannot live in a place where people of ten to fifteen thousand live, Lucky Ali, there are no slums in Gurgaon, it is an urban village.  Here now these people live in 25 to 40 people because the big suicide people now keep them. Leaving her back is a qualification and special without doing a 1968 guava on them.  The tenacity number of four lakhs is three lakhs, saying that the salary will be better, there are no pimples on it, but Mirchi and I are 30,000 30,000 less than this, we are children, not them, let us collect dry hair in the society, they also say that we take a plate, three  Four or five people were not doing even that together and after this, the crows are looking for the system that people do not want to share at all, every person wanted that he should get one room and I would get the one after mine.  So this is a very big story and this story and most likely in Indian culture is also coming in the market, the boy is the girl and the girl is in that. You can understand, if you use it, then this comment below has been made, according to me, it is very  The opportunity is excellent, it is the best in India, according to me, the exams operator has made this patented size rental, it is not a huge investment, it is worth Rs 20 to 25 lakh in 30 years and  Not Withdraw This is to be eaten and it does not make any difference, many people will not get the choice from it, top tell me, this will come out of mine, that will come out, hence the children who are living inside this, they do not care, their thoughts go to S8, their work-  80 people go to their own and at night, they are your more states in their dressing, the one below is the one who is above, they are putting their mind to many, which is 1.5 2 crores, when will they return to the plot, people, if you use your mind, then it is understandable that here the government is your  You have blessed me a lot. The rate of built up area in 2013 is ₹ 4000 per square foot and it is the same in 2021. If you want to say thank you in the comment box, the government has not increased the ad for the last eight years. The first four days of fitness have been given.  Percent commission was used to be used to consume the loot in the project, now the government has reduced it to 8% in December comment, then the government is giving separate leave to the builder but for the general public.  He caught butter at Rs 4000 all over India, our art Saal Singh, tell me the rate of anything, if you increase it, the rate in Hansa Tera was at Rs 4000, that is the rate of ₹ 4000 in 2021, take this too, if very Saharanpur Chicago, time from everything.  I have an Innova Crysta car which has its own and when compared to its road price, if you are getting a 2BHK thing, then where can you go wrong in this? How much wrong can you people do?  I have to think how did you like the video? You will tell me. If there is demand then I will do one and a half or two-three projects on my setup. If you want to do MS Word operation in the video then I will shoot it and give it to you.  I can show you that the things these boys are saying are even more fun to watch, so if you guys like this video and share it, Akshay would like to comment that you are telling that thing well, then you will definitely like Airport.  in more  In the effort end, I will go out and show 12 videos, hold one half of the project and take a part in that project and show it back because look at this location Jhala has not subscribed as many as the channel. Request please subscribe. Thank you.