Hello friends, there are 3 to 4 frequently asked questions on affordable housing, we will discuss them which are the maximum questions being asked from my audience, so I thought I will make this video on that, we will discuss on car parking, we will discuss about car parking.  There are so many affordable words in the subject 'not affordable', 'to take it, not to take', what will happen to them, they will remain empty in a normal question, if there are so many friends, then about that.  I will answer that question, I will answer four questions, the third one is that I am of priority four, I am sure, I want to take it, I am feeling like where should I do priority four, we will discuss on the principal, we will discuss what priority four can do and fourth.  Yes, I have to rebel or he will go out of me, then I will rebel here, I will do these four questions and basic questions, if you have questions, then stay connected Anand, one by one.  Answer: First of all, you must understand the car parking across the road. You must understand that there is a regulation on this. The builder who had got the car parking space passed on the map and got the certificate at the time of taking it, can sell the car parking, so many people are selling it.  This is the winner rules and those who have not done the training, those who have not got the darshan will have to take six percent allotment for this, then those who have done it earlier do not need to go through it. Edison rate is five. Percentage of doing units, if de Villiers is 25 lakhs then Rs. 1.25 lakhs will be spent on car parking, but according to me, the rule itself is wrong because when you make the rule so many outs, then it is bound to be a violation of the role. Only Rory would have applied comfortably if one.  It is a very good road and if you put a road limit on it of 250 pages then 50km play store people will violet because if the road is good and wide then everything is fine then 70 80 numbers.  If it is possible to leave, then the room arrangers also have to think. And kid, is there any difference between the car parking in the suitable housing and this car partner in the very luxury and premium segment, please tell the audience also, what is that car for me, my mother?  She stood there, she needs a place, doesn't she, there is a lot of difference in the rate of land in both the places, where my land used to go up to Rs 5 lakh, although I cannot be sold separately, so the 9th Discover has an additional amount.  Car partner has to be taken more. You guys have a rough idea and how much is the first one. According to my calculations, neither I nor the builder lobby people nor I have any other method, which calculations are made then you can also write in the comment section.  You agree with this was not according to me then the valuation becomes two and a half to three na executive at home depending on project project guide 376 323 you put mine.  This is a suggestion to the recipe people about the things that have been asked from the past. I do not mean that it is possible that I have said them and someone else has also said them and someone else has listened to them and I am claiming that my words have to be accepted. No matter who's opinion is believed, it is very important to mention that how did Vikram reach, at what age children reached the age of video, reached the age of Twitter, reached the form of irritating presentation, so all of us who are aware people and you.  There is an audience, you spread this thing, request this thing, I am the one giving suggestions, it is very good, and through you people, please send it to the government office that whatever is available that is affordable, an option should be given in the same form to anyone.  Car parking is needed and that too should be ticked and its drama should also be eliminated. First of all, according to me, there is no car parking space, as far as I know, there is a car parking space for 50, 60, 70 cents. And then he is selling it at any rate, he is facing problems again, then this question comes to him, our night and who tasted it can only tell the face, there are two rule regulation which many people do not feel proud about.  If I have spoken 1.25 lakhs then how much could he have done like this, here everywhere the country has become independent, now we all got Bhagat Singh by the mercy of God, he is not needed by anyone, okay at that time we all needed it, so every time we  Content list cannot be done, to discuss with love from the mind, the question came to the studio, now the question is after all the studio, then if it is any rate then there should be an accident rate which should be ticked and then the same decision on the same on the spot exorcist like 42 of him  What is there, if there is a stick, increase the rate coming to that by ₹ 10. The government should take the same decision of car parking there and its rate should be completely high. According to me, my proposal is 3 lakhs, how many people 3  Lakh seems to be an illegitimate rate, you have told too much, it should not be that much, so these questions should be there or how many people think, no, it is 3 Lakh, because this is the kind of price you have to pay to any builder.  If required, he will charge this much money and he can add variation in it that if it is a covered one, then what is its rate? From the rate list of Qawwali, it is 3.25 and for open app, it is also 2.5, this is something. Reaction can also come in this way, but it should happen only at the real stage of the driver, after that it should not be that people are calling and saying, take this, do this, I don't think what is right way to goals, we are good.  Intelligent people in the society are the ones who buy things in Haryana, that's why it means no relief. It is good that even the builder will not pay from his own pocket. This is also a good thing. The builder will not do any work which is causing loss to him. The bodyguard should also think about what is the rate.  So  It came that I will stop this Singh Awadhesh Lekha second mine comes, people ask questions, so much affordable housing is coming, what if there is more supply, look at this, we cannot go on emotions and feelings, what do we think in investment?  It has nothing to do with it, is it the most important, so when you find something more important then put a number on the situation, that thing, how much affordable housing is there in total in Gurgaon.  How much is there, when you go and check, you will find gold in Faridabad and other places too, but there are 7273 projects in Gurgaon, ok and how many more are coming, as per my knowledge, five more are coming and there is more information than that.  No, which five are those? If you know, then we will create a comment section. Okay, within which sector, are you sure about staying there? So I have the information. Okay, if anyone else knows, then please tell someone.  If it is till four, then I will answer in the comment section. You will have many comments in it. After sometime we will do the answer as to who is coming ahead, then please do write in the comment section.  If I am, then I do n't complete till the end. Look and like. Things like this, alarm is fine. Profitable housing. There are approximately 75 projects on this issue. The average is 800 in some.  It is 1320, okay, so they go to the second project, which is yours, so you can say approximately 60 thousand flats are affordable and different stitch in Gurgaon, so in these 75 projects, you have to understand that the position of board 12 to 13.  It has been done, people are living on rent, some people are living there, after that the position will be in 2022, some will be in 2013  Will be in 24, will be in 25 and the positions which are being launched in 2019 will be in 2036, so every year there will be a position of about 12 to 14 online projects on an average. Gradually a great man will emerge and after that it is the next four-five to send.  After the update, the alarm will stop and this chapter will end. Pure Deendayal will become the God of Birthday after the second half of the  At the beginning of the year, twist on dry ginger is applied and even after that it will not come. Okay, in the affordable house, you see, the figure we have taken is 60 to 65 thousand gifts. Out of 80, 12 to 14 of them have been shown to us, Prabhu site, and every year.  If 12 to 14 will keep coming for the next four-five years, then why worry? 12 to 14, when I say, you come into the house, you will become poor with eight thousand flats.  If you are getting a position in a house of Rs 8000 flat, then you also have one BHK in Pune, 2BHK and some 3BHK are given, so if we assume their average to be two people, three people, four people, then we should consider the average of three people also.  So approximately we need 24 thousand people again to make the affordable one a full house, let me tell you about 25000 people in the road area. We need children 250 hours ago. So who are these children, where will they come from, where will they fill, who will remain empty? First of all, it is a very big section of Gurgaon, it is a very raw colony, which becomes a Shahrukh place. Quality, that word is fine, but it should be a clown circus place.  It's okay, the people there will come and stay and people will keep coming as per the rules. Harman villagers will first clean their apartments and rooms for the immigrants who come from outside.  If you give it on rent then only one system is running from below, people are coming from outside, they are coming from Bengal, they are coming from Bihar, they will stay there, those who used to live here will remain brothers, those who fought for the raw food will stay here, this is how promotion is done.  This is happening because people will take it, I want to stay clean and tidy, that person who lives in a pot after selling it for Rs. 50 in that area of ​​the village, he does n't even have shorts, the sewerage system is also not proper, even air does not come in his clothes, so for him  Affordable Housing  It is heaven because everything is open from all sides on it, so this is the section which will not come from Gurgaon, these are the ones from Gurgaon who will go there and the people who come from outside will stay there because of their vacation. Other people will come, those people are your notes, Mewat, Palwal, Bahadurgarh, Jhajjar, Rewari, Pataudi, Mahendragarh-Narnaul, they work here from this area and leave after you. Now you will ask that  If they work and go away, then they do not live there, but they do not live there because they are not that poor, they are inside the village and they will live with the people who work in the labor class. People are not so poor, Peepal tree.  They are living in the 50's and are not rich enough to be able to live in this second type of society. So they do n't have the time to live in it. Now that they will get the supply of oil, they are more than happy. So they ask.  it  Second people will remain, third people will remain like us, the children of Delhi in Uttam Nagar and in such places, who download this app and do jobs, but they also have the same logic which was there in Jhala ji, that logic is theirs also but that  Also, if the teeth are very long and big, then these are the good values. Based on the extremely low figure and population, there have been 23 lakh people from 22nd tehsil Kurwai of the city of Gurgaon. When the results of our science come, we will know.  So he works out only about one percent and on install GTA 4 to 5, cent growth is happening in the kidneys. There may be more growth in future also on agri basis, but the bottom of the pyramid is this, it is not cheaper than this, it is not cheap, some of you today.  Even if you raise a floor in an urban village under power of attorney, it will be more expensive than this, it is legal from a few plants and you must have seen the government's campaign of DTCP.  The statement of Illegal Colony is not to allow it to mushroom and to break the structures, in the last one year at least 367 people have not been contacted by friends and at least a hundred people have been prevented from being forced to do so, so whatever pressure of crores is there, it will ultimately feed them.  If you want, then as soon as they come, they will come to the front, this demand will be cheaper than this, if today I want to ask you all, we have such a big country, from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, from Gujarat to Assam. Till the time of Arunachal, which is such a big country, I have been asked in the entire country that I am the number one player on the playlist with clarity. I speak about myself. I don't know. If any of you know, then please tell me whether any fresh launch will be completed in 2022.  If it is available in any place of this size in 1 hour at this rate then tell the name of the place. Don't say Bhiwadi because it is not available in Bhiwadi at this rate. There is dead stock lying in Bhiwadi. Those who keep the ghost town type, the situation of their suicide site which was launched in 2013 1415, here, on this, on this, on this, now there is no rate there and those societies of not y1 light is fine, which is so, I have kept the question my quick take new.  This restaurant Jha builder A Piece of Land took advertisement and said that I am giving this much, if fresh look is not happening in 2022 then in this report  In this size, you are getting approximately 60 60 60 carpet area plus soft balcony in around 28 lakhs, if in any city in whole India, Asansol is ok, which one is Moti and Moti Nagar, Motihari district is ok, Supaul district is ok. Take any of your districts of UP, take Etawah, it's okay, take Basti, take Sultanpur, take Bhara, it's okay, you go somewhere in Orissa, it's okay, you go anywhere in Orissa. Take Dantewada district, I will give you an example, I used to wash there only at some time, take the same district, somewhere in any state, Andhra, in the entire country, somewhere in any village, then you tell me that.  This thing of this size is coming in Haryana, you see Fatehabad Kaithal Narnaul, something is coming to 50 thousand rupees, Gujarat disease is in the sector inside Hooda Khan Narnaul, tell me whether it is there or not.  So understand there is value in it, the third thing comes priority for others, the third question comes priority for people, priority for others, now this is our mahout sir ji will make people your pet, today I am speaking and very responsible.  I am saying that priority for card will not come out in new projects because it has become a will discover product, if there are shop flights and 102 priority three applications, then four in Delhi.  If not then if you are the priority then who is the loot who already has any kind of property in his name in Haryana, Delhi or Chandigarh, this is in the name of Mukesh, then your priority is others. If you are a relative then please you are 18 years of age in your house.  If you enter the name of the children who are there since last year then you will have a chance to get out. Now the fourth and last point is very important point. Fourth point is definitely curious for you that I want to rebel. You can rebel when  Till now the project is live, before buying it, it goes on after that, only after it runs, I do n't know any method to grow it, it would be bad if you go late on 5th February and this will definitely be your last date of 9th January, so the date should end on 9th January.  Gaya Braun, so now how will you withdraw it, this whole matter is closed, so people feel that it is not a to-do, before that I will withdraw, you can withdraw as long as you can apply, then when you do not say this  Can  That mine came out on 14th and there in GLS somewhere and now I have to pay penalty here, even if I rebel, it got closed, it got closed on 9th so don't be so worried about it if your thanks recharges  It becomes a PNC charge and we can keep it as a choice. When we go to get flat jobs, we fill forms everywhere, we get a job at one place and then we get a job at another good place. You leave it and the said land. leave  Let us give you the entire salary and it will be deducted for 2 months. Suppose we do it and we are going towards a good job. We are not so sad about this. Okay, so the same thing is there in it. I hope you would have found these four questions very correct.  You must have understood that Bigg Boss will definitely thank you for this.