Hello friends, a lot of people are going to the affordable housing car parking, I thought a little bit that I will have to make a video immediately because people will be going from many places, no one is taking it in the name of the project, any Rishi is coming that they are being told that they have come out alive. In such areas, I thought it is very important to make this video and you have to spread it so that everyone becomes aware of it, then the amendment for car parking was made.  On December 24, two thousand pieces were passed in the minutes of Haryana, it contained that the builder can bring the car parking but if he has not made the amount before the project, then two-third of the amount will be given to the king to bring it after the project. He can bring only as per his wish, so six percent of that, if people say that there is car parking, you can sell it, only then it can be sold on the ad, 24th December, Twenty-20 match, his limited Gandhi Park bus stop, the unit.  So if it is a unit of Rs 25 lakh, then only Rs 1.25 lakh can be charged, then you should know about this thing, who is telling what rates unofficially, let it be very, very clear for some time, this note is for policy research supporting.  More clarity update on this will come soon, I will come and tell, and the eye of the buffalo, this has come, this has happened, those 5 lakhs are the big ones, so they don't even have this much, three and a half, four and a quarter.  You can get it for four lakhs, who is waiting here for how much time, what is he giving, very very clear, processor policy too, if I am your Sehgal Roti and you took it by paying him, then I will object, why did you not even pass the convention?  Kara has asked that whatever car parking will be there because of Khan, it will be removed from the common area, right? When you had tested positive for it in Andheriya, in all the maps of Khurram that come, you had not mentioned that car parking was done yesterday.  if you  According to me, if you want to sell car parking in private limited like this, then where you have shown the park and you have shown the open area, if you make a car parking on it and then send it, then the person who has not got it and whom you have not asked, is cheating and  Also, whatever is affordable, there is not much space anyway, but when the limited space is open, which you show me the space and tell me the story, if it is not a match, then you cannot sell it by making your own private car parking, that is only when all the allottees are seated, e.g.  Suppose there are 600, then when you say yes, you can sell 400 out of 600 and then you will have to sell them by taking them out of the draft type and if you want to sell more limited ones because 800 or 1213 car parking cannot be taken out then the distance is very clear to the  There cannot be car parking for everyone in the audience anyway even if everyone wants to pay money and that money will also be decided by the government. The news till now is that 5 Pro. If you are getting offers from this then please clarify this matter with the department. If the player comes to me then I have the information and I have told you please do.  Not for this it cannot be rectified How will not be rectified I don't know Private builder Parking car anywhere in his common area Cannot live without bindaas consent This  If this is the law please spread this information do not fall prey to the district thank you