Hello friends, this is a sensitive topic. I want to tell you something about the problems people are facing in affordable housing. I want to give a fresh perspective. The latest figure of this is that I have gone to Rakesh Daulatabad ji who represents affordable housing. It is also coming in the news. They have told us their problems, Rakesh Chalta Bajai, we have met him, we are proactive MLAs, he will do his level best, but I have my own perspective.  I want to share and all those who have taken affordable housing, have got the position, are living in it, are going to apply or want to apply further, everyone will watch this video till the end because as I said earlier, there is no discussion on affordable housing.  If he doesn't do it, then the first thing is that the issue has been raised and the people of affordable housing have also given a presentation. It is a written representation which is very well received and I will make the same as the topic of discussion in this video which will help them.  I have given representation to Rakesh Daulatabad ji, before that there is a disclaimer, I am not a builder's man nor am I an affordable housing man, I am an inferior who is lighting a torch and giving his opinion and I am not only trying to get clarity on real estate.  Apart from gas, which is an old knowledge of our country, I am going to tell something to the people of affordable housing from its perspective, so in that way, the first point is going to be an interesting video. Construction land line is not affordable, it is becoming a big issue. Earlier it was said that we will build it in 3 years, we will take the money in 3 years, then we say that the time starts from environment clearance, so that the account of construction is ready. And then the money is taken in 6 months so this is actually a very wrong thing which needs to be rectified but it is in the land of the government builder Vijendra Us.  Whatever leaves he gets, he will exploit them, we will inquire about the court, we will do their research and what is it, I will tell you further also, but due to which, something which has been studied is the benefit of Government on priority and department which concerns department which is contained in this case of possible housing.  AND IS GOING THROUGH REPRESENTATIVES PUBLIC REPRESENTATIVES WERE VERY GOOD WHICH THIS LOOK YOU ALL ARE DOING  You are doing a very good thing, so I fully advised that now this time should be gender and not even retrospective, such that from now on, where the money has gone to 60 cents and the work has been done to 20 cents, then he will have to say that he needs an order and a cord. That brother, until you reduce it by 40% and do not ask for money, otherwise, for the sake of relief, if you accept this and start with the next affordable housing, then this fifty-sixty rupees will go on.  There has been no benefit to their virus, so whenever this amendment is made, it is inevitable according to me, so whenever it is made, everyone should get across-the-board benefit. Another thing which will not be popular for some time, but when  If you are a panelist then you have to give what you don't feel people will like. A very gray area of maintenance money is to clarify what is meant by  Maintenance is a great politician and a Pia logic. The normal common sense is that if Mirwaiz does not build it in his hands then Akhilesh will have to do everything free of cost to the builder for 5 years. Maintenance is free but maintenance is a loose word which within the premium society we pay every month.  We provide things for its maintenance, water for lift, plants and celebrations for its maintenance and if we call it maintenance then Lohit is confused.  Now the builder wants to do what he wants to do by increasing the operational cost to the customer. He is holding on to the fact that when the goods were sold to us, then maintenance is a matter of polythene interpretation. Mr. Kumawat, in our Haryana, not all wedding songs are true.  The Song Song In The Wedding Look After Lot To Improve Ther Heads Screw The Customer Obscure Buy Aur Bolta Kilometer Per Sharad Tyagi Average So What Goes To Him  I am not justifying the story of 18 Dhairya, his brother Dhal's condition, nor am I batting on behalf of the builders, I am giving a point and a perspective. Do you want the builder to spend his money and not lift your garbage? Calculate the backup, do the cleaning, guards are also installed, you want all this for free, you have bought it, you people have taken 1820 for the house day, not putting it down, talking on share logic.  So you have to think, people have to think how to resolve this point, please go to the government and assemblies defined the definition of maintenance. If this definition of maintenance is your list, then the money paid till date will be refunded to the builder.  It will be done and if the government clarifies that it is your understanding this wrong, if the tap was broken then it was maintenance to break the door.  If the maintenance was looted, then it was a tree of all the things, if you will not take it for that thing, then it is possible that the money you are paying on that square feet is ₹ 3 and a half rupees per square foot, your accounting of it is more than that.  Well, this portion of the article has two elements, one is the same element and there are elements of each other, which one is free and which one, logically, you will have to pay for it.  Argument time source, whoever has even a little understanding will have a double bed, that too Falguni will have to pay for this, the third thing is position charge in which electrification charges have been taken and charges have been taken for different things, someone has made a bill of 70 thousand.  Some have brought Rs 80,000, some have brought one lakh, some have gone up to Z, depending on the builder, the builder has increased the price from Rs 50,000 to Rs 1.5 lakh. They are pitching a lot to the customer. Because it was told earlier that it will be 4000 and this one will be there, it has to be seen that the electrification in which it is 11KV and 33KV, there is a tissue inside the lift which later the government has said that inverter should also be installed, backup should be installed and safety plan.  It should be there, it is also a tissue, if you want to see this then you will have to find the middle pass only, it cannot be there, its notes will be absolutely zero.  I have also proved that all these are justified but I will dress up now as to what the government has to do in the future and I will also address the customer as to what they have to do in the future. So if you are looking at affordable and this prince then move aside and dislike it.  Don't run away from the videos because listen completely and stay informed; these people are also in charge of thinking and understanding; if you say something like retrospective etc., then include something in it which was not meant to be included earlier, even then that too.  He will hold its tail, right, earlier I had told you to make halwa, if you want to add cashew nuts and almonds too, then I will give cashew almond gift in this way, you have the option, you have the money, you have to give cashew almond money, they have to relax the government, I will. Tell you what government took suggestion for the government for suggestion which rate of affordable housing is not sustainable increase the rates of edible  Housing will be very angry that friend, you are not the requested number can increase. Watch the video but I want to tell you through you people that it is okay if the government increases the rate because if you do not give desi ghee halwa.  If you can give cashews and almonds in this rate or in that rate, then this mathematics hit cannot happen, then the first inevitable thing is to increase the rates of the affordable housing that is coming.  If I am not saying to increase it retrospectively, then there is no need to panic, the amount of affordable housing that has been applied till date has been released, but if affordable housing is coming then brothers and sisters, read some rates on it, it will be fine.  Work is a second thing which is a question for your eyes, many people who have taken Government School Intermediate, that the builder has made his, listening to us, the policy was always positive, like Election politics goes on, this one is from BJP, this one is yours, this one is from Congress, then you give me, oh friend, you are a countryman, you are wrong, look at that, everyone will say, can 15 people come together and say anything or not, you are bad, you are  Okay, but you have to see that if the eighth builder has built it, then he must be living inside the house. His expenses are not like that, the housing in your photo is in Sector 102 and you have built it for the guy from RW Inn.  If he belongs to the same society, he would also be living there, then you can protest against him in front of the house too, saying that he is not doing it, clean it up, this is my logical thinking, you can't justify that the builder has not done his work.  If it is done to the man, but still if the government can bring an extended to pure template by Arvind that this is how it will be date will be very good  Second thing, this builder is all one person, keep his maintenance companies because the messed up builder is that if I am a builder and I am a genuine man, I say brother, I have made this, you guys, you take care of it, Jai Mata Di, I turned out to be my own, my greed is actual to suck blood.  I mean, brother, I have been doing some milk because I did not enjoy it that much, I worked hard for profit but did not get anything. Many people say that the government has increased the FIR for the commercial and where is it?  Commercial is good and marketable, this problem is less in our societies, where it is not seen commercial, especially it got incentive, that is Chindi type game, song, 10,000, this is Marle Biya Malik, Bhagte Bhoot's loincloth, good, inside the registry, people are given four whose effect remains.  I agree, a man goes to the E-M registry, not only but I go to the cream key, he goes to the plot key and if you guys like this thing, then there is a man or that.  The groom's father remains that give the band to Hara and give him a watch, give green scarf to the groom's sisters-in-law, everyone remains like this on that day, okay, you take it, you take it, give Rs. 2,000, give love.  If you were able to give, then give it. Now those taking it also have to understand that even if you take the affordable 20 lakhs from them as per their rates, it is nothing, I am doing it to anyone by default.  The practice of a life is creative, I am telling you that it is like this, I will get that round done, he will take my token, then on s rule, you are not supposed to give any administrative charge, you tell the builder and give one thing, I will do my wrist for you, I will do your Noida metro. Facilitating and asking for money and types of something I don't want but service I am telling you the form, there is no need to give a single rupee but do not think that your  You will see my own form in it, then see your 2000, see that 5,000, this oil guy will come, take money, take token, stand in line, get photographed, say 'namaste', whatever action this is on Wednesday, do it if it costs you so much trouble and you are typing.  If it is being built by making seven, eight, ten thousand rupees, then it is okay. And I am not saying it as a joke, Karthik. It is okay, but it is not necessary. Builder's note is one and the same.  You will explain to the builder with love and comfort, whereas what he does is that he gives you a list, it is your choice how many to give, you give or give, friends, see whether it works or not, now the meter tells you 6000 or it tells you. 500, 1,000, 3,000, so to all of you, I am saying this for the audience, how much has been the performance fraud with you, write them down friend, it is 6000 from me, it is for us along with us.  For this, make 15 notes from the bottom, phone, I am sad for Rs 50,000, make a note of 70 thousand black, after making the first note, absorb it, say, yes, if you want to put lakhs of rupees with me, then refrigerate it, what are people doing in being sad, character?  They are penetrating so much that as much damage is being done on the earth, I will say CD because there are many things in between in Excel, they are burning more blood than that, they are more unhappy, so first you should know how much loss is there, I am going to tell you a very deep thing.  Secondly, stop calling yourself poor that we have to be affordable, we are poor, the biggest sin is to call yourself poor, if you call yourself poor then the poor are always oppressed, poverty is a curse, it is very popular.  But not in India but in Africa, business is never close to the poor. Brother, if this happens then first of all stop reading and considering yourself poor and it is not affordable for everybody. Sir, I am also a poor person in villages.  Why use old age, you are a human being, the work is over and who said that work is the law of the country, in that no man can kill ₹ 5000 10020, neither a poor man nor a rich man can kill him, nor can a middle class man kill him.  I cannot kill these women, nor their children, nor any Hindu, nor any Muslim, in the name of Krishna, nor in the name of Sardarji. No one can kill anyone. No one has the right to ask for money, so there is a need to bring poor-rich class, caste-religion into it.  No  The law of the country has also stated that Nobody can come and steal amateur money for 21 Dussehra Update. You gather so many people and keep roaming in such heat. One of your affordable fare must be a lawyer. You have a hobby. 222 How much will ₹100 become to you, tell me 800. Multiply your skills, tell me brother, how can you put it and sit quietly and the second thing which you people are doing very wrong is this less from and sub marketing district also m.  Telling about that which you people very seconded, the builder looted me, I am saying that the builder is a mess, he looted you and all your property, okay, I caused a loss of Rs 50,000 to you, it seems like a last date, agreed, what is happening now?  Due to the wrong way in which you are approaching and the huge hue and cry that is being created and the brand image of your society is being destroyed, you are incurring a loss of Rs 10 lakhs which should have been for Rs 40.  There is a factor of 32, this intangible and tangible of Amla in the market, whatever you have to put is the last of the brand that how are you saved like elevation in the stock market, neither the company is bad, the management is a thief or there is something wrong.  If there are issues, then the market values ​​it less, even if it is slow, it is good to get the goods sold but it does not value that much and if it values ​​a good thing, then in real estate  This is also what you all are getting your daughter to do, isn't it a product which has become a product in the fascism premise of brother, I will give you a thing, now it will be yours after saving a lot of alarm about it, etc. So the thing worth Rs. 9080 is yours, understand this thing.  I request you with folded hands and now today I am alarming you one thing, if you can get 500 likes for this video, how many 500 likes because I am going to create yours, I will tell you live that I will convert your loss due to last date into a profit of Rs 3 lakh and show it to you in 10 minutes. You want to make a video, you are an affordable one, are you watching the video till now or have you taken it from any affordable one?  Is it associated in any way? Do you want to see a live example, awakening the Guru element, so that I can make a video that will tell you whether I have benefited you or not on a monthly basis?  But your benefit of Rs 150 so that all your troubles become free from maintenance is fine. Understand things in perspective. If the drive is giving ₹ 3 maintenance then you don't understand that the one on your left is giving 303 rupees on super area.  There is a big difference when you write completely, then the lawyer or the judge, who should be educated, will question you for the first time, brother, this is what you are giving as an example to others.  Bada, you are in Defense C, it is given on a tissue, it is your carpet and today's carpet is 304 and 450, so you are on the position, if you are the repeater on 620, 64044, if you do not come to the position, then how much is your thousand in the program?  Bar Ashoka Chowk Aso Ka Banvalu Aso Ka Account of Rs 18,000 per year for 5 years Rs 90,000 Make an account of Rs 90,000  You must have heard that if your boss gets an injury in the same hand, then he needs surgery. If that injury is with a band, then feel the pain like a band person. Feel the pain. Play a set of builders. Builders.  Save your seat, no one said that I am refusing, but first understand this properly and if you want me to do a favor to all of you by making a video, there is no need to go anywhere, then get me your 501.  per minute  Well, there will be more treatment because this way I don't call myself number one in quality and for the sake of speaking, if I show myself number one then in 10 to 12 minutes I will do it like affordable, I had said earlier also that there is no discussion about double.  If he does then share the video Perspective Code Look at it in a different way Keep fighting for your rights But you have got that thing, it is yours, it is your duty to increase its valuation, don't give it to the car by crying and washing it If something small goes wrong and creates a ruckus, then his relationship would fall down, his friends would quietly get it fixed, I hope you understand, tell and share how the video felt, thank you.