That Hello friends, I will tell you seven points of affordable housing, many questions were coming, watch the video till the end, you will get a lot of clarity as to where to apply, because if the chances increase a little, then there is a problem in decision making, so I have launched that series.  Must see, now with this, the first point, the first point, understand Practice 344, forget the ancient operative, my audience is for ultra power.  No one qualifies in it. You should understand the prediction and priority for. If you have any property in Delhi, NCR, Haryana or Chandigarh in your name, then you and your wife become priority. If children are above 18 years of age, then they become the priority.  You cannot apply below and above 18 years Rediff Quality So if you have a child above 18 years, you can apply in his name, PAN and Aadhaar should be there in the same way. Parents are a different entity. Understand that father has property in these three places. Whatever I told you, your mother is a practice for you. First of all and on priority basis, this copy of this property has been given by the committee. How many patients are there in India? Before applying for appointment and other things, let me tell you this as a school, if there are 15 subscribers per application and 105 more subscribers are not given priority for telling, then it is a power project like  In 16, it was advised not to waste the question because of the priority for which if you are there, then the priority for the application will be given. 67, so those people who had wasted their time, but those who said that they were not subscribed soon, I told them in Punjab.  Had decided to go to BHK flat per Jagana, then by subscribing [Music] in the comment section, it came out that there this  There was a 2BHK, whatever applications came in it, the husband's earnings and whatever was left, that application was in Delhi, so if there were any more applications, then subscribed, if it would be Prem's dress, that is, it would be completely free per thanks to him.  Forex 342 Kam Nao is a good project of Priority For. It is a very good brand. Those who are Priority For and want to do it now will see in touch with me all through the number given through.  What are the chances of those with WhatsApp Priority For, I think they can connect to others in that project, very good, very good, nothing will happen to Priority For, now moving forward, second point, who is the shared builder, this builder is very bad.  There is a discussion on this, so today let me tell you in a simple way, which schedules of MRG Signature GLS have been delivered by Ajay Kumar ji, ji is doing very well without delivery, that is why Vinod K is doing it.  The projects are going on fast, good quality, the names of all three of them have been mentioned for delivery, the players are coming now, the one whose name is badnam name, if the name is there then he is a bit of a half player, I can add him, he has a badnam type name. Subscription has also been done, some other point is being told to all of you, you all have to see which running number of applications is Ras 2304 W Singh, first you like to start this online, more than 23 thousand applicant numbers have gone.  Till now, I have registered 7475 100 unit hotels, so there are 3475 Soch units, 23,000 people have already expressed their interest in it, and subscription is going on for half a dozen projects which I mentioned, except one half project.  All the rest are getting subscribed, so there is a demand in this segment, people genuinely want it, people have understood that at this rate  Property of the entire country is not available for 2500000 rupees. Under construction Abhilash Mayank Obscene. If people are understanding this thing, then the third thing I want to tell you is that you can add in multiple projects also. If you subscribe also, you will leave from here.  If it has been printed at two places, even if it has been printed at one place, you can still get it canceled by making a copy, you can see that you cannot keep the other one, if it is printed in the name of husband and wife only.  Can't do it? Okay, so I will do it first in some questions which I am going to tell you. Despite this, if you see, you can connect with me, then you can apply. If you withdraw before the deadline, there will be no penalty.  You will be charged but the refund will go after your draw, so don't think that I have added it, it will come in my bank account. If you want to tell me one thing, then you are taking help but you have online banking, which help can you make the payment? and my own account  You can give the number and it will burst because the senior citizen score is not available, online banking and all these works are also included in the exam, then you can do this. Okay, if anyone has any kind of problem, then you can apply online for diet help, I am giving. Can get in touch because some degree of difficulty is increasing in it. Now I have become dizzy with the affidavit. The fifth thing is that when the turn of refund comes, then you have to listen to it carefully.  The draw has taken place, if you want to remind, if yours has been drawn and you want to cancel and now want to get a refund, then you will get it from the builder. If yours has been drawn and it has been drawn somewhere else too, then you want to surrender one and draw it in Cardiff.  That the builder will give you the wait list, the government will give it, the TCP people will give it, if you don't get it then the money goes to those who go to the government, those who get it, if you want to leave from here, then you have to go to the builder, one more thing if  Point in your name, people are getting appointed in the application in your name, Kumar well, people are getting appointed in doing my father's name, mother's name, okay, so that name will be government departments, so this is a little more of you.  How many people do you keep and write to me in the comment section that if anyone is facing any kind of problem, I will make my videos with me and I will make others reset on them and also regarding the loan, no one is much interested in the loan. 400 Singh, so this is one point in it, secondly, the process of loan gets a little delayed because the builder does not take it from Kiran, he is not the one taking the loan much and as soon as he gives his allotment letter, then what comes to light is that  That ICICI, HDFC, no one has done this till now, their documentation is done and then they start charging penalty, this is a gray area, so I will not say its solution but I can say that if someone  If you are facing problem in taking the loan, then I can help you by clarifying my explanation. I can do it as soon as possible in taking the loan. Your civil should be okay in taking the loan. If the loan has been taken out by the parents, then they are not LGBT. So, if you are a son of a blood relative, you can take a loan along with him. Blood relatives can take a loan, but what is the chamber in that? A married girl cannot take it with her father. Okay, so here a little boy or girl.  And I have a little bit of it, it's okay, those who are feminists and raise their voice should definitely raise their voice that why a married woman ca n't launch a company with her father, do a crore job, a boy with his father and mother.  A married woman can take a loan with her husband, but a married woman faces difficulty in taking it with her brother, and a married woman with parents can take a loan with her husband, so the husband is the brother and he is the wife.  You can take a loan with your brother, you can take a loan with your brother, you can take a loan with your mother, you can take a loan with your father, is n't it a wonderful thing, did you guys know whether this is right or wrong, friend, this is the right thing.  To tell you that we should raise our voice for this, we should not raise it. Okay, so please share all these points on your group. Asking this is very much about end affordable. It is good in that area. I would like to say, which is the best job in IS?  So Do only such people apply? Others do not apply. If Jaunsar comes out then it is good and you will get only Rs 50,000. If you come out in two places, then when you fill the form in different jobs, they also have some pieces of Rs 1000, 2000, 3000 for examination. If there are many, then you are in a way taking a lottery ticket. If this hot number comes out in two places, then you can take the one which is better.  If both husband and wife have applied and both get selected, then if one has to surrender, then whom will you surrender? The one who is better like John, keep the one who has good facing and good minutes and consider the other one as PLC.  Both of them turned out to be the same. If either of them turns out to be good, then keep the lady's because you will save two percent in the registry. If the rent comes tomorrow, then it is of income tax, so she will have to suffer less. If it is okay for the ladies, then this is it.  In this way, I have discussed many ways of decision-making. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. I noted down all the questions that came to me, so I made a video. By subscribing to the channel and liking it, platinum membership has opened. It has very good different points, I will also tell you separately in the video. You can export option and show and share this video in your circle and with friends. Create this awareness.  The lamp of affordable housing is running brightly, now a few projects are visible, many projects are visible, it will run brightly before it gets extinguished and you can write in the comment section, I will give some small reward to him that why the affordable housing will not come now or if Khawari will come further.  What is the compulsion that above how many acres you can go to Deendayal What is the cutoff of Deendayal That is the question Students and those who are in good land parcel also  It is affordable, I will answer it in the comment section. You guys can search for this question, but when there are more comments, I will give the answer in between that if there is a very good land parcel, it can come to Deendayal also. What compulsion does the builder have to bring affordable because Deendayal has more money then why is he bringing affordable and according to you approximately how much will affordable come and eat.  It is very less now, meaning that if we remove one hand, then how many fingers will be less than the back of the child. You can think that whatever information is available now, the rest will take you towards Deendayal Line Subscribe. It was very good for so many years, it was understood by a very common man.  When many things will start, only Deendayal will be discussed, the things worth Rs 90 lakh will be discussed among you, there will be talks about him, now the school will be affordable after two, three to four months, show APN share, because  That line up, anyway, whoever is 34, has an idea about who to eat. You can write in the comment section and tell us how you liked this video and please share it with your friends, thank you.