Hello friends, Hello friends, Affordable Housing News, conformed government has increased the rate to Rs.32, but the per square foot balcony has been charged at Rs. 1 lakh, so we can interpret it that only soft balcony can be charged and the per square feet limit is Rs. 1 lakh.  If we have a balcony, we can spend a thousand rupees and the second rate is 42 ₹100, so approximately in a project the builder will have to pay 16 to ₹100.  20 crore rupees have been released here, this was an inevitable request, its rate has not been even ₹ 1 since last year, so this news is confirmed and I have told you that now I am busy with some things on affordable housing and let me tell you a small video, it will stay with you.  Stay connected and some of your common questions will be answered. First of all, mail is not coming, allotment letter has not arrived, when will it come, when is the payment to be made, you cannot go to a builder's office, your note speed is only two and a half.  It is not a crore rupee program that everything will be done very easily sitting at home, once you go to the builder's office and meet 4 5 6 employees there, after Diwali, due to which the program is pending, go there and take their numbers so that you Anil  If you are Rohit, you are Gaurav, you are Mohit, who are you, you are Neha, take number 45 and talk about them, Bhosle said, take your allotment letter from there, is there an issue with your address, anyone of any kind.  The issue is that once you go, you have to do everything, you just sit and it is not that if you are sitting in Chandigarh, you can understand that going to Jaipur is stressful, but what is the problem for those who are sitting in Delhi-NCR? In half an hour, go to the builder's office, once in a half hour, you also see his office, he has given the flight, he has a phone bill, where is his device, the more he makes, the second builder buyer agreement will be there, the agreement will be in his tehsil.  Charges: The allottee, who has got the house, that is you, the customer has to pay the charges separately, there is a transaction in it, it goes to the government and there is some facility available type, which is done by the lawyer's son, then his money.  Give, have to give, many people have difficulty in taking that money, which is it that I don't want, convenient, I will do it myself, then you do yours and do it yourself, take it yourself to check, you have to do it, you have to see that that.  the fast is that much  Is it for your time and space or not because Affordable is not costing much money, the big ones cost Rs 5000, as far as I know, this road facility is safe and less in Affordable, which you have to pay to the lawyer's boy to get the token. Whatever system is there to be installed in your system, it cannot become the subject of so much discussion. If you don't want it, then you should do it yourself, share your joke, otherwise the builder is getting it done for everyone, you will feel that my friend.  Thousand  ₹ 2000 seems too much, it will seem famous, if not, then you can stand in the line and do as per your wish, so let's tie the other thing, not many people are interested in giving loan on this because if we accept something, then whatever.  In loan, you have to understand that you get a loan sanction of Rs 15 lakh, get a check of Rs 15 crore, get it shaded, get it dried, the process remains the same, the paper work is the same, the hard work is the same, the PAN is the same.  Form 16a ITR Return Aadhaar, all the actions are the same, then when the person making the loan will get the money, please note that your people are very wise, that's why I am doing one over. If you people want to take a loan in affordable housing, then you can contact me.  You can exit WhatsApp on my number, this means it has become possible, that is, if you want a loan then you will get help in that, many people have exited it in the name of their parents, who do not come less now.  If there is money, in such a situation, someone will have to become an applicant to get a loan. There is a son-daughter relationship in the house. Most likely, if the son is okay, then you will be able to get the loan only if he does not get it. You will have to manage yourself, so even going ahead, affordable housing project. Greaters are coming, they will come with increased rates, car parking is also not of very good quality, an amendment was passed on 24th September that five percent of the amount of  The builder can charge up to the calling minute if 6% people are employed that there should be car parking, then a new project has not yet come in which there is an official announcement for car parking, but if there is space to physically park the car then six more Whatever percentage the residents grease, it is ineffective for the builder. The country has a policy on this property which is forwarded. Many people are coming up with one more question that this one has turned out to be mine as per my wish. Up and down question.  This is good in Habitat, if you surrender, then you have to know one thing, many people, location and location is good, then Vijendra Tower, this is a very big folk singer. Take this, today I will tell you more from an example, your Motihari district, your Supaul district, Supaul one place.  Supaul in Bihar is fine, when Mother Ganga ji changes direction, the fields disappear, only then they become well. If you were the owner of five acres, then you got a boy along with you and maybe he is fine.  Ganga Maiya was not there, your land was of five acres, she falls again next year, she gets hanged, there are such places also, I am taking the example of these places because if here in this district also, if you get a 3BHK.  In which three rooms, one all, I will say four rooms, kitchen in two containers, two balconies, it is being made in 26 27 28 lakhs and is being sold in 25 26 27 28 lakhs, so here also you should buy it.  The location is also good, it is available in Dantewada in Jharkhand, so you should take it because it will cost so much, come in your village Geet Vada, I don't do no harm, you understand, it is okay, there is a line among the youth of your village, if you buy these four rooms yourself.  Stand up and build four rooms, two bathrooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen, you have to install tiles, albeit poor ones, you have to install doors, you also have to install everything, you have to do windows and education and everything, electrical fitting and painting - not even talking about the sections.  I am doing it  If you want to do construction like normal then you will hardly be able to build it in a year by spending so much. If I am not talking about the cost of land and profit then the moral of the story is that don't talk about the location. Advantage Singh Gurgaon will remind you again and again.  It seems that there is a comparison inside here because it seems that some more will come and will come whenever they stop coming. Keep laughing, you cannot buy in resale like from someone.  I had applied for change in Amarjeet just 3 months ago, so brother, I cannot sell it after six months, that sick person will give me the full position for four years, in four and a half years, the last one may get it, Pandey, it may take 5 years for that position.  If I cannot sell it for one year then the units will not come in the market. There is six years to sell, there is no CID, hence the frenzy is so much more than what it should have been. If this respect was an option, then it would have happened.  There is a lot of investment in this, but the investment is seen only for 5 years, I am not getting the exit, that is why I am not coming and despite that, you are seeing that there is a waiting list in all the projects, including all the ones that are coming. Details of which are still open and there was no renowned builder. In the list of affordable housing in this pani list, that name center is not there but despite there being no renowned builders, the last data that has come to my knowledge is  Out of the 1718 applications that have been made, Oscar has come closer to 17400. Can you correct me? If the person who applied latest then put the figure in the comment section, what is that figure. When the phase started, then the age of yesterday is what I know.  Get it today, the number would have increased to 1718, applications have been installed there too and people are still busy during Diwali.  Meaning, whoever is coming affordable is going to Lakkha, it will be settled for relative free, so who is the priority for, who has any properties in Delhi-NCR, has any kind of property in Haryana, is residential, that person is private E4.  So those seeking priority do not need to waste time by applying. There is so much noise that it will be settled in the priority session itself. You should know the rules and try to explain in simple language.  I will do it if let's say the show is affordable flats and 101 priority ones have applied for it. Who is priority three? Those who do not have any residential property in Delhi NCR Haryana. If 101 priority ones have applied and there are also 50 hearts for priority four.  Only 101 applications will be taken in the draw. You will be selected only from those who have private job. Priority will be given even then. Application is when priorities are rewinding less donation number of lights inscription listen they are in the present tense people are all smart so for this the parents have property and priority for it is in the name of their child who is above 18 years of age  Are you or are you not responding to such a member of the family whose member is on Qualification S and as per the policy of Haryana Government, we give this report of mine every morning on priority basis to the applicant for 3 months? Your money will be stuck, it's okay, there is one problem in a lot and come what I want to take up, those people who have paid through credit card through you people, you have to post in the comment section and let us know if they have any problem in the function. This is happening while coming back. If this is true then please post a complaint in the comment section. I don't have the credit card money. The debit card person has returned. The money I had given from the bank was given through net banking. Refunds are coming but credit is either you have forgotten the bank account number or you have made payment in it or something else has gone wrong, this is something that happens, setting is a thing, need someone's help in filling the gap vacation, take a little bit because people have  There was a mistake in the name, A in mother's name, as if the middle name was applied in father's name, then in Magar's name, the father's name was added in Magar's second name, like in father's name, like someone's name is Shakuntala Devi, someone's name is Devi Na.  So Devi's name got added to father's name, father's name disappeared, allotment letter has arrived, now he is going to the builder for correction, the builder says you will have to go to the government department. There are many such complaints. Have any of you received this complaint?  Have you heard about it or are you suffering from it yourself? Please write in the comment section so that we can tell the department that if there is a mistake in filling this then you will take charity. Here even the builder's men are not taking it properly. Withdrawal and then we have put everything on the government and the medication is also logically correct because anyone will use your own name only. They will say that how do we do what we do with the name, how do we know that it is the mother's name, it is the father's name, which means latest mistake. Keep in mind that the name of the lady is in it, Devi add answer has gone in the name of Mother Goddess, the name of the father that was entered is Baek, so such mistakes are also happening, you guys have filled the application with some care.  Fill it with ease. If you have any doubt or career, then ask or make another request to me. Now I will give you the link of the Telegram group. You have subscribed, please join it. The queries that you will send to me on Telegram will be answered relatively quickly. I will also do the WhatsApp one but it becomes so expensive on WhatsApp, WhatsApp has loaded so much, Telegram has come, now we have neck blouse, no Telegram wale is my friend but Telegram.  Its performance is better in deleting messages and in forwarding messages and generally this front is very very very friendly and you guys can also graduate slowly, I am also maintaining both, you can also maintain both but this can be discussed on Telegram also. Those who are already connected, if they send this WhatsApp message, then the answer will be on WhatsApp also but it will be done quickly on Telegram. Any inquiry on WhatsApp will be completed within 4 to 6 hours. Will Endeavor's Dish I Am Able To Answer Patki Within 24 Hours Till Now A Simple And Be Clear In Job Women's Clothing Don't think with me that I am thinking like this Is my thinking right or wrong That is Loud Thinking and Confirmation 22 Okay, I have done this here and it is okay. After the marriage, the boy, the groom and the girl enter into the character of the bride. If you have done this then God will bless you with all the best.  Thank you, I liked the video. Please share it. Or NSS request. Subscribe. You can definitely increase the marketing budget from your friend circle. You are me, I am a marketer. Ok, I want to become a hit as per my word of mouth. Ayushmann Khurrana's movie. Congratulations brother, ok please share, thank you.