Hello friends, some news, some updates on Mahira's draw, those who applied on 3rd December can definitely check theirs. At 5 pm, there were about 14 flats for which there are 2062 applications, so a lot of people  Subscribe to get out, some people are having doubts, I will tell them that on behalf of all the people, it will cost 40% of the money on this thing, because  It was released and it happened and those who were released at that time got the fourth part, but whether the allotment to be made will be on Twenty-20 or old rate, please clarify this, it is a gray area, the second thing is the upcoming affordable housing.  There will not be much of it now because Deendayal Yoga is starting, affordable housing will come here, low rise cannot be done here because this rule is regulation wherever.  There is some transit corridor going, Anushka distance is less and there is 1,000 more loot, there affordable housing will come as per that rule regulation, wherever the plot size is big, it will go above the normal interest which is the requirement of Deendayal, then there Bhinder Merger 9  Most likely to get low price, so if this housing is made affordable then you can say that if there are enough people in it then it will be good.  It will come well, it will come well, I don't like the person, who can understand, take one of yours and those who have become priority for i.e. Deol Radio has affordable housing Yadav online and honey spot property in Delhi NCR and Haryana and Chandigarh, these people are priority for.  It is said that if you make your life even, then your husband is also a priority and it is said that you people have got a lot of practical chances now, if you are appointed subscribe free that if the applications are  If there are total flights and per 102, then security will not even be required [music] When schools and the availability has now increased, people can press the button, then the names of the children above 18 years of age in the houses can be asked to you. Those who do not have any property in their name, mostly the people in the group of quantity 530 2010, who do not own property, those who are normal, their name can be changed to Outlets, is there any such name in the family? Can be replaced which is considered a different anti S Prabhu that in a family it is the parents then if the parents do not have the property these three judges told you that if they come in the copy then there and the parents  Children above 18 years of age are considered different from your family. They are considered to have different activities. Brothers and sisters are considered different enemies. In the family, basically this husband and wife are in the name of a child under 18 years of age.  If you can't take money, then the family is very big. This considerate husband bike will be affordable in the coming times and I am also seeing it together. It will be very important for us to see two painters in the month of December-January. It will be very important for us to know what is the history of the builder because  The only thing in this is the cancer discovery pyramid which makes affordable housing exactly above the dirty drain subscribe and subscirbe Madam, my calculations will be made in school, this Sangh has been made obscene, I  Now I will tell you how much benefit is there in it and what is there and whether it is not there or not. Okay self judgment of temples built tree take them and will show live I will be room day formulas before that if anyone wants to ask then you can private me on WhatsApp.  Opposition can ask that not only till now the site means to review it means to tell it first, it is so let them live on the portal, I have given them Begum already, it is going ahead with the full appointment that Bigg Boss  If we launch this whole appointment, then this is the reason why those who were thinking that it is not fire, subscribe is the will, subscribe, those who do not have track record at all, not only record, not the location is also that much because if it is not good, then man has an eye on everything.  Ca n't turn a blind eye to the location, you also point a finger at the builder and everything on the last 12, yes you can compromise, it's working fine, f4, it's good, so I will do these questions.  new connection whatsapp thank you