Hello friends, Affordable Housing that Bigg Boss has arrived, some of you must have known that the notification has been issued and T20 is cricket, you all know this but what are the other things, what is second after thinking, let's discuss it in this.  One thing that will happen is that the construction link has been done, that is a very big news coming. People had the idea of ​​rate increase for a long time but now the construction link has also been done. This is a very good news for many people but what will happen next?  Second, third, what happens by having something like flirting, but what happens by having this, third quarter, what can happen by having this, fourth order, this is a basic thing, so what happened before that, money in 3 years.  Used to be taken and built in 5 years. What is this hour now? One more thing has come that why will license fee be charged after four years? Earlier there was no provision, the builder had to build it in 4 years, that is a different thing, still he did not build it and give it. he has something going for him  Used to be the same but the government has also subscribed, so as I was saying long ago, everyone knew that this is so, you apply very clearly in the stomach position, if you get it then you will be eligible for 5 years.  It will take one more time and if you have time then you get it, it goes on for two-three months every year, it will take a week in November-December, it will take more time, it will happen again and if the robbers start burning the stubble again, it will take more time.  There is casual labor and that labor goes to the court. Yes, there is momentum or there is a break in the construction. Once it is very difficult to subscribe, then on paper it seems that it was for so many days but in the momentum, I hate it. This option is available to you.  What is this, if it happens throughout the year, then it can happen throughout the year, so it is the Additional Chief who speaks about the farmers in the song, we have to see that the government is appointed to take bigger steps than this.  Observer Appointed Subscribe Half of the judges and MPs are all powerful people and if they also have to behave, then why not find a proof and solution for this? Grandmother worth three to four and a half crores, if every person also donates ₹ 300 to some fund of the government.  If they invest Rs 70-80 crore, give them machines, the point is that it is stubble because they burn it because they have no other means to sow another crop.  If the time period is less then the people left behind the machines say that no matter how much the government has made it so blurry to me, it is the same type of people every year, their crying and washing is all torn and then the tree of not drinking for 2 months goes away and then again.  Someone gets a new one, someone cleans it on Diwali, someone loves cars, then who will calculate the percentage of how many cars are there? I am a sir, but I can tell you that these cars always run, all the things are fine.  The new thing is the old thing and whatever news is coming on Thursday from village [music] and Delhi Delhi-NCR and from here to home [music] subscribe, in the next month it will be close to 25 lakhs that Bigg  Boss is the debit card of 2 years that she gathered that she was very happy when Big B was playing havoc in the sequel of No Entry, people say that they want to click on the button of weddings.  I want to do this, I am doing it thirdly. All those among you who have girls, brothers and sisters, this should not happen, it is better that you gift your children that a 640 is a fit and healthy 230 feet of spending a lot of money on the wedding.  That the steam that comes out cannot be gifted, an affordable one is about to come, no, I think, I think, we should subscribe to this side because gifting in a normal house was not talked about.  It was 2 crores but this small thing can be done, it is not necessary that those people will live in it, there can be investment for them, maybe both the accused should subscribe together because you are looking very good, secondly I am feeling it.  On the other side, table center and people will apply when they have a subscription from a person from their family regarding skin, it is not that much that they can pay 40 cents per month from their own pocket, and on the other side, six months installment, but there were many appointed staff, many people used to stay in this matter.  There were a lot of surrenders in the purse, I did not get the money, I did not subscribe to the cancellation, my time is up, I will give the money accordingly, now that thing will be taken, so in this I clicked that under this, there are two products in this cord very nicely ic-814  Subscribe You will do the minimum job, there will be three to four drops, which are people in practice, but only this much, in the coming time, this child above 18 years of age, who does not have any property in his name, will support his family.  I am subscribing that I told you that in marriage, when the boy and girl meet the girl, then there is school, which is happening most likely, take the property copy in their name and if there is peace for 3, 4, 5, 6 months, then only.  Two, the girl is not married, both of them said Satyawan to the girl, see that after the marriage, you will become a family, you can do it, but before the marriage, both of you are together, so the youngsters should not leave this opportunity too.  That people are due for marriage and you know that we are going to have a baby with anyone, so you guys marry both of them, there would be a chance of one of you getting married and the other if both of them get married, then you can keep both because today.  Then I am not married, now when I am not married, then this note is family, so you all take care of this thing also, end request, subscribe, increase like, Vikas, if I don't speak, people like it, subscribe premium, this channel.  If you want to subscribe, subscribe my channel, watch the videos separately, if you are interested in Kabir, then you can take my diamond membership, by pressing the coin button of ₹ 10, you will be able to see all the friends on the videos, which videos are there.  What are the things that are of interest to you? To use it, you have to press the My Channel button below, which comes like this, where you write subscribe, join, then click on it.  Press up and then the home video play list will come up like this. Then this membership list will come up at one place. When you press your hand on the membership then you can upload videos only for all the members who have already become members and who don't even know where to watch the videos. So that's it.  Place for you to impress membership: If you press membership then videos will keep coming for free. Now we will keep posting videos of subscribers regularly. Almost my  The target is to review almost every project of Gurgaon and put it in the same data bank. Consider it as a library type. If you keep changing the page of whatever is in it then the problem of the projects is that it has been there for a few months but already 15 2010 have been on it. My favorite song of different types, review Ubla Hua, in which I did the project, I did the classification, subscribe, you can also watch that video, thank you.