Hello friends, today's topic is that one should not have a child in the first year of marriage, why one should not have one, there is a lot of pressure from people, there is pressure to tell its psychology, astrologer, social observer, a social reformer, anyone can put a tag on their forehead, I am telling you with his knowledge.  I am and all those who have daughters, who have sons, the society, we have to tell this thing among ourselves, Divorce on a Rice, there should not be any doubt in it, it should not happen, why is it happening, what is happening is the society. You know, there is no use in doing this commentary. You know, I make practical videos. It's okay, everyone in the society is getting divorced, yours is not getting divorced, the divorce rate is going down, but if it happens to you, then what difference does it make to you, then these people.  I don't know why you don't consult about yourself. Okay, so I am telling you to consult about yourself. After having a child after marriage, divorce is actually destructive. If you have one child, it becomes two. And now when divorce happens, even if there is a divorce, it will destroy you. It is such a pain that having a non-fatal cancer is such a big pain and the men involved in it are from nowhere and the women too are not getting any benefit but in today's times.  One day the woman will take away the child, she will take away the alumni, she will take away the whole house, she will take away the property, she will take away the sympathy of the society, nothing matters to a man, he will give money too, he will give money, he will also give children, and sometimes the children will be given 24 hours.  If you live with a couple, then at least your father will understand the story of the divorce and what happened there. Apart from the couple, no third person knows the details. This is also a fact of life. In the first year, when there is a hurry to have a child, that is why many times the mother-in-law or  And the girl's husband should also have a child. Whatever it is, the society wants to have a child quickly because after this, the woman will be helpless and she too will become busy. The woman will become weak, she will be forced to become pregnant.  she will go again baby  Then where will you go now brother, no one can do hypocrisy for a year, in one year you come to know that your marriage is kiss and this and true for d boy can also and the girl turns out to be a villain, this is not the case today because the society  In this, only boys are some messed up scams and girls are just Bhai Saheb, it is not like that at all, you have to see whether he deserves to be my child's man, does he deserve to be my child's father, do I because that program.  Your life is becoming longer after the birth of the child. If the market value of the girl and the boy falls somewhere, you should know about this. Before that, the exit can still be done safe and sound. People will say that due to the advice I am giving. This sanskar is going on in 2022, 23 is going to come, according to today it is being told that it is okay, otherwise the old sanskars would have given birth to 889 children, do that too, it is okay and in three-three-four-four marriages too.  It used to go on and 2 3 4 Mr. Sir's hobbies were also fulfilled. If you are in this country, do it all, then do everything, everything, what kind of things have to be talked about, someone will have to do the things that have to be done, everything is good, so come out and do this.  Talk because they also know how to wash and cry. It's okay, there is a lot of pressure, have a child, have a child, you have to get married soon, child, you can wait for one or two years and people are delaying the marriage so much that they are not finding anyone good for them.  I will make a video for you today Understand that you can wait for 365 days of marriage, you ca n't wait, we don't know what technology we have and where the wife has doubt or feels that something might go wrong, then see, there is a lot of pain in marriages, both the girl and the boy. As for the boys, good ones are not found near the boys. If the boys say that girls are not good, then brother, what does it mean? What is happening, boys are also not good, girls are also not good. Well, what is it that is not good according to you? No, everyone is in isolation According to me, good boys do, we are good girls, we are good, okay, so this is a video in more detail on this, he will go, don't rush, you have the first child, lot of pain is there in store, I am anti man or anti female.  I am going to give the type look that by doing this but wait a bit and say it very quickly so that whatever action is going to happen or whatever is going to happen can be done comfortably because now you will say that now it is done, isn't it? where will you go  I will stay in the real world, I will not go home, I mean, it has become a real world, in childhood there used to be ads, you must have heard in your childhood, this ad is fine, then you think like this, but what will happen, that is what has to happen and  It's okay that I belong to this world, no one can tolerate injustice these days, but he becomes a messy, for all the related parties, and the party means all the families, the girls and the boys, so brothers, look at each other, look at each other. What do you call a marriage of care in the beginning?  He does something only half of the time, he doesn't think it has to happen, but give it some time and it is important to give time to the relationship, this is also important, sometimes you are not mentally ready, you need a bank balance of one year of good memories to struggle in life. Because children have less responsibilities, your life does not remain the same. You all know that if you have a balance of 1 year, you have 1.5 thousand photographs of you on Facebook, you have gone here and there, you have visited here, you have bought land here, you have bought clothes, those are good memories, then it is okay. She is all there, she becomes a strong base, she is also necessary to have a child, without those memories, without her, you will be totally Russian, then it starts to seem that it tells the man, the boy, the girl too, that they do n't know how to have fun, because people do not know how to get married.  I don't know why they think that marriage is okay, it is neither fun nor punishment, it is okay, it is a wonderful relationship, it is a new beginning, try to find a lot of fun in it and do not see it as a punishment. You should watch this video. Please share it.  It is very important for the society to openly  There are more things to be told, but it depends on whether the bundle of knowledge is opened where someone can see and hear, then if you want more on this, it can be told more openly, but keep As of No in the back of mind. Chhattisgarh to stay for the first one year