Hello friends, today the first thing that brings a new construct to the common people in Indian real estate is the name Timeless Property Consultant Original Amit Sangwan is not even in spite of it, so watch it till the end, it is a completely new perspective which no one has discussed till date. Before we discuss, before that we have to see what is the meaning of getting this time, what is the benefit, so before going through the example, I will understand that, don't take time to know about the movies.  If we talk about Mother India, Mughal-e-Azam, Sholay, Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, this is the thing that if these actors come back again, they cannot create the same thing, the chemistry of Shahrukh and Kajol ji and that wife and whatever that DDLJ.  What happened in me was that I could not move forward, after listening to very good movies, there were many hits in them, so I will slowly take you as examples because the new concept is examples in the right understanding.  If it comes then this was the second according to the movies, you see that Sachin Tendulkar is in the legend the best cricketer that if you were the center, what a big career he had but take his time, this is the note, time is the 1st innings of garlic, these facts are twice.  Those who are waiting for cricket will comment agree and note very glorious career but in 1998 in Sharjah John scored back to back centuries from semi final to final when India went to the final and who won the final that  The level was theirs, that performance was also theirs, then see the best in the world time list, this was my example, after that many singers of yours came with different style decisions, Raat Chala India me Baba Sehgal ji was in the middle.  Then those who sing through nose, then those who sing Qawwali are fine from different sides but Kishore da's chhota hai mein chadhta hai established that their closest son is my name type is a hero for.  Very good singer Amit ji Amit Kumar se Sharda koi paay nahi paay jab woh song chala hai woh mere dil ke chain to uski feeling alag aati hai Some songs are example songs like Woh Kaun Thi movie sadhna ji hain aapke Manoj Kumar chahiye  That song lag ja gale toh phir yeh raat ko hona hona hona meeting nahi in this birth nahi bhi heard tha song youngster se zinda nahi bhi hai. Those who want to listen too, put it on your good music system and your wife will get angry. Look how the demand is there, if you get time, try it and see the appeal that comes out of it, haven't you seen how old that song is and it is more than 60 years old, but if it has an appeal, then these are the things that need to be recreated.  It is not easy to create even alone, so now we come to our topic of buildings. I wanted to tell you inside the read excel house. Contact has not come yet. It is still new. Taj Mahal is in the building. Take time because technology will not make it. That when it was made so many years ago, then it can be made our own, so many will have the capacity, who will make the pattu, tell me why, we will look at it after making it, if you are not understanding in which direction I am going, now that India will make this gate the gateway of India. Now that thing cannot be created at that place, it will remain there forever. Your terrorist attacks are some of your Taj hotels, Mumbai's technical hotels because they become your identity and city. If someone wants to harass you then type them.  They are chosen because they get so attached to our lives, they take time and will stay for many years, by the grace of God, can something like this happen in residential, can you think because I have just put this concept in first.  When lots were built and houses were built on them, God's name was written on it and it was clearly written on it. Even now, if you travel on the National Highway and go past the village and look to the left, it will be written as Mangeram Ki Haveli.  1954 will come like this but unfortunately this Bihar unit that someone told it will break development, there will be an incentive to do something by demolishing them and building them. Unless a property is either not well built or there is an incentive to demolish it, it cannot be timeless. So, have you ever built one floor in a city or built one and a half floors? Now if you leave this aside and make a state and build four floors, then it will not come under the definition of timeless, how will it come under the definition of time? First of all, sister.  It should be necessary, not every brand can be timeless, but to make it timeless, a strong brand is needed. A normal thing cannot be made by a normal man. Now Deendayal Upadhyay Floor Can Not Vikram. First of all, AC will be two tier in Timeless. It will be above one crore if  If we think of Gurgaon, then in other cities you have to visit this template. If any such property is coming, the second thing is that its location should be such that nothing can be bought sitting at that location, this is the second condition.  So in New Gurgaon, there is too much power for time but many things can be built at any time, any place or land parcel is so unique that you will get a land person of the north, like a brinjal is a highway and has a land parcel. I am and this is the rule of 18 2018, you will get that because now you will get it like burnt bread, it is coming to Deen Dayal, isn't it, this bread gets burnt and if you break it, it becomes a joker.  Isn't it like a lion? If you put the strips like this then you can also take the time. This is the road to the timeless. First, the front should be strong. Second, the location should be held. Third, duplicating and replicating should be difficult for the builder who is building it. And Govinda. Forward, this will reduce the options and the builder will not be able to save that much money because sometimes what happens is that if you start making a magnum opus movie like Mughal-e-Azam, then it becomes so  The thread goes on the scalp, the money runs out and then somehow it is made of cotton, this is how to identify it, I have 45 such information that this is happening in Gurgaon market and it will not happen in future because the density is high.  They will be similar in appearance but the coming ones will make them more than double, if the price point will remain the same then like me, the size will keep getting smaller, that rate will remain ₹10 rs.12.  In time less, it should have a quality that it has not got that much quality, if it got it, then the location has not been found. If it has got the location, then the layout of the project has not been found. Do the project and if it has got it, then something like this has not been found inside, meaning five or seven things which  We see that it will be fun to live in it because if you buy such a house then it will last forever and its value will remain forever for 72 years and the thing is because it is my location, it will remain in this house, so great source of wealth, so are you one of those people?  that shiny fresh  And uncle ji wants to declare, you could have been 35 years old today, your child is 4 years old, so it is a bit difficult to think of yourself as a grandfather or grandfather because if they cannot give you results, then you are in the process of investment.  Let's go to the left side, if a lady in our life wants to coordinate with us because I don't know the concept of whether you want to turn on like this, when you can go to John, then this video is for people who want to make one and a half to two lakh rupees.  There is a symbol for those who are above 100,000, for those who are below that, it is aspirational, so if you are obviously limited to affordable housing and Deendayal, then these people will not be able to go to family housing, but for you also, this is the awareness that this concept  Which will start now and not too long ago because it will be fitted like this and look in every different city, are there any such properties in Jaipur which are like Shanti Om Metal?  Those who were making it, see, it is okay, there is such a property minister in Pune, there is a ban in Bengaluru, it is closed in Hyderabad, somewhere like this, it is being made in some city, their rates may be a little higher, if you have got the time, they like it, say the same, as many as I am.  They will be old and their value will keep on increasing, their address is like that, when Godrej people made their new project at RK Studio in Chembur, they named it Munni RKS, that it is like that, so many famous people used to work there. Brother, they have energy, they have also kept their memorabilia as products, so when the people who live there and most likely in the Kapoor family have also kept fruits, then it is true that they will only agree that yes, it used to happen like this and they  He has protected this thing that now he will vote slowly and will not wait too long because he will come to Azhar city little by little, after that whatever new thing will come on the skin, he will not be able to make it in time because inside him  The location can be such that there is a lot of commuting distance or the oil city can be very heavy, then you will get such things in that classic definition of because there are many things which are very big before this, the flats are big 3000 1000 3.5  There are four suddenly, now his life is not so much but he could have also taken time but now it is not his case so he was never able to make anything in residential, he was so strong, he was not able to think like this.  Due to timelessness, we could have thought of towers of some iconic building in it but I am introducing this concept in residential but it's something Vasula Looty Se Story Which Place Of Whiskey And Will Release In Handset Only So Avoid You Please Give Me Marks Out Of  10 If all my teachers in India are so updated that the children start defeating them, then the education system will change, not just change, but three  Words: Give the student phone number. Give the number to the student teacher. You explained it so well. How did you like the video? I am alone.