Hello friends, the name of the contact I have brought today is Always Be in the Game, it is my concept, I have neither read it nor heard it anywhere, I just have a little knowledge from within myself, so I will share it with you all.  The video may be a bit strange, so if you watch it with your boss or share it with a close friend and discuss it, you will understand it and enjoy it and you will be able to increase this category in your life so that whatever pain you are facing in life can go away.  a little less that which Youngsters will watch that video, they will get a lot of learning for further likes and those who are in 1617 will share this video with their children, it will be very tasty veg for them, so I recommend it with a hypothetical example. This video will be very interesting.  Hi and you will keep entering. Okay, let us give an example of quantity. India's population is 138 crores, about 10 crore children are less than this year. We will remove you and remove you from this cream, 128 crore players will be made in this and this will be a game of torch point, in this a team will be formed, first there and then, there will be people in both the teams, Ajinkya will be from inside in one team, so in that  There will be a toss, whoever will be seen will go to the next round the next day, then out of 128 crore people, we will reach 64 crore. On the first day, 64 crore people will win. Second, 32 crore, third day, 6 crore in the next round. Fourth day set.  Do Fourth Day for Throat and keep going on like this and the one who loses will be eliminated from there and the one who wins will continue on the next road. If this game continues like this then people will want to take 7 days themselves, these 10 people will do Robin Thicke Layer.  It will be given and the beginning will end then when the tenth 10 many news channels will come that this Zee game has won, see that and don't interviews will happen till 2017 he will always win continuously 10 people and many people  Interview will be conducted only there, I am very clear in Metal Mirchi, I get to know from the voice of Dhan, details will come, it is possible that no one will say yes to me, Mata Rani comes in my dreams at night, she tells us, please.  It is also possible that some people will say to me in this gym, when that topper goes, I will look at him with my eyes. There will be stories like this, many people will not believe that they will be roasted like me, what nonsense is going on, this is property, isn't it?  These Qualities In  People will keep the time as 22dec, 100 people will test it, something will happen, this will be something, there will be no contact in life, there are a lot of breaks in life, now I request you all to give it an example, the graph of 27 days earlier, it was 27 years  Please reduce this time friend in our life to 27 years, this is the one who is taking away a lot of time in our life, government organizations have to have Bharti.  That every man's job is a magistrate, we play this concept beautifully in this, some people join below and by doing this, the twenty-seventh day continues, in this we give a lot of credit to the people who are going to the job, whereas the situation is the same dear.  Now you will say in this, if you use it like this, then I would like to explain a little about the importance of talent scale and selection. If at one level we all have become equal then like that.  She used to represent that when someone is in service for 10 years in any department in PHC, then it is possible that there may be some such situation in the life of that employee, then his performance aspects may be affected.  If there is some tissue with him, then this white person will have health issues. Husband and wife will have these issues. He is the only son. His parents' music can be 250. You all know.  Now because of those issues, he will not be able to go ahead, then the thief who is carrying the torch of the point which I was telling, he has taken away the property in such a way that at every stage people are falling apart from that her art that I used to call him Rajdhani. Everyone is running on it but you were on the track of Ad Vestige Uprajdhani but that track of yours got changed due to any reason, it could be a sign, some of the reasons are such that my how to deal.  Even if you watch the video with a difficult boss, there are some reasons and we don't even know about it. Many reasons are known when we change the track. Our new situation comes such that we have to change the track and we know this.  So now after getting this information, what is the benefit of it? Its benefit is that if you are not going ahead in the game and you have come to know about it, then everyone comes to know about it. On day 18, day 24, day 24, it is solved.  in year In the middle of 18 years, at the age of 25, you got Reliance. If your prayer is not on track, then do you want to see others playing games and adding their name to add curd ad to it? People are now on Rajdhani track, God's mercy is there, they are not off track. That's why very good things have happened and they have to relax that Everybody Gold Edit Cost, many people see from me, they have period issues, property issues, they have personal issues but they give importance to career.  They give very good sugar and they should have this reliance that the minute cost of 10 things off Anu should do this cost-benefit analysis in their life because the channel of Basic, this video and every thing's fitness promotion is removed from my live in N and Bringing clarity I repeatedly say things in my videos, nothing is right, nothing is wrong, there are only actions and what are their fees, you should know the person visiting the center, your actions and their likeness.  Consequence of this should be known that if the features are justified, if this section is in the section of morality then it is absolutely fine, then in this section, progress in career, not growth, fall, getting too far away, all these are normal things, we have to accept but we have to see that which is relevant to the topic.  To set it in the name, I have written 'Always Think', I am continuing with it till now. If you have understood a little bit of my things, then my request is that you like me now.  If you do n't like and subscribe, then you have subscribed the channel. As long as you remain there, those who go up and stay in the game are coming at a cost. There may be separation, they may have to stay away from the family, they are present within the career.  If you may have to use it, then remember that this video is for everyone, if they have understood the game that we are good in the game, we want results, good songs, I want to play well, then the family should also be included in it.  It is necessary to be involved, it is necessary to be involved in POSCO, I have to support him, he is a good player, he must have such a family, you have to decide that and if you see such a family, then we are not going ahead in this game.  It is very important to watch this one with videos. Decide what is this, so I have finished this example here and now there is a second wound so that you will understand things better and will enjoy more.  For example, in childhood, you must have seen that there used to be a cricket team. These children, Shruti, used to go to the customer and select their team. Who will take this player's point and then the good players in the team were the first to be selected. Like when Ravi and Ashok became like that then they would say that my crocodiles would sit and say, this is my Shyam. If he said that he was the protector then the team as a whole would grow. If you always found yourself at 10th or 11th number, that you  If you are always going to choose last, then you were a big fan that this game is not for you, what is consistency, you are going to choose talent in the team, then now you have to understand that after doing RTO, this page is still playing in the life team.  At what time is your section happening, then it is a big entry for you that you are always in the top fight accident stomach, so friend, you are always the tenth player in 11, that you have been made to sit in the extra, this is very bad.  There is a big enter, you guys will understand, next I will take it a little further, in the highest cricket example, many times in the district of cricket, it used to happen that the team goes towards 15 people, just like in the internet too, in 809, of 15 people, 11 plunge into fine.  If it doesn't happen, the remaining three spoons are there, then will you be on the buffalo in your life? If in childhood, you relax that a game is going on and you are watching it from the pen stand, you are the 15th player in the square, you are in the stadium.  Or bow down, it has to be played on the ground, India is watching it, is your batting coming or not, bowling and fielding are coming, you are just sitting outside, you don't even feel like cheerleading, you are sitting badly, so if you are a child then  You will feel very bad in this situation, if these things reach you, this game will stop here, I have never seen small children of 10, 12, 14 years in this situation, why is it my meeting or recording, lovely fielding and in this  So I saw only the children in such a way that the one who has a bed is the one who goes to it, whereas if you take me with you in my son, you must have seen them a lot, you must have heard about alcoholics in childhood, so children are others, but why take them as children.  I am saying that the soul of children is pure, if we listen to the child in our heart, your life will be peaceful, then children delete this situation like this, but how do elders delete the situation, they say that yes then.  What happened  At 11 o'clock I am getting two samosas and tea. What is my problem? This idiot is getting dirty. His clothes are getting dirty and he is getting hurt. He is running away to the shore. Even if he wants two samosas, I am sitting outside. Come and join me at 2 o'clock.  I am getting Lakshmi and at 5 o'clock I don't want to know what the problem is, every time I come and sit outside, have my two samosas, tea, lunch and it is good but you use this thing to justify acid. This thing but we do not release that our day-old child is crying, he is also a child in our heart, he is crying, he is not happy and if he is not happy, then we are not happy, but we are aware of what is happening to that day-old child.  Do we silence him by saying that our real children who have grown up are the ones for whose sake we say that we cannot give toxins because it is okay that my child is going to give it, but I do not want to do that on my own.  Do you want this tester also coming here?  The point of this video is that if you are listening till now then maybe it will be good for you, why should not you do this because when the father gives such emotions and wife energy in the family, then even the children are never able to be confident, the kind of economy and situation going on now.  The father is also there in this, there should be a proper way to help the child who is making him/her cry. These two things are linked. This video is my love - this is my upcoming series, the one on kids education and the one on kids career. They have a base close to the wife, in this, if there is a husband who is afraid of changing the game, then his next generation will be afraid of playing the game. Meanwhile, you should accept one thing, the last thing in this, if you are confused that brother. We are a one trick pony, we just have to watch a game, first we played terror, then no one fed us, after many years, now we are watching, we have become people of two samosas and tea, what else is China? I don't know whether we will be able to play or not. If you are in such a situation then here someone like me can give you clarity, then you can join them by giving us charity for children's education, children's career and all of us that you  But this thing is also very important because it has an effect on energy and level. If you have understood this basic thing of mine in this video, then you will understand my next series very well. You will like it if you like it.  The thing is, what game is this? Now what I don't understand is that this is a very good thing. Okay, it doesn't matter if he has n't come, he must have freed me by now, but what is bothering me right now is that 12-13 minutes have passed.  So you must have understood what I am saying, then you should know how to change the cream, what you should not do, why you should do it, I can give you a very good dinner for all this, okay and if you liked this video of mine then please. Share and like the channel Subscribe thank you