Hello friends, today's topic is an appeal to all the parents of adult kids or those who are about to become adults, I am asking you to make an appeal and that is for the benefit of the society, for your benefit, for the benefit of your child, that you  What should you start doing? You will try to save three or four punches. I will try to tell you how many followers you will follow. Tell me whether you have understood, whether you will do it or not, I will tell you. And please spread this video to all the parents in the society who are of the same age as me.  Those whose children are between 40, 45, 50, 15, 16, 18, 20, 22, it is fine for all of them, so the first thing is to cry sad about your married life, especially for the mother, reduce the front of the kids a little, you can't make it zero. But reduce it a little and be happy sometimes for God's sake and that photo is yours, put it anywhere sometimes, it is okay, ever since these digital cameras have come, people have stopped putting print outs.  If you don't go and look at your phone, there must be some memories of traveling somewhere, you must have cut a cake, that is why there must have been fewer such things in your life, please create happy memories, if you don't, too much is going on, the youth is getting misguided.  He will come and take away your children like rats and they will silently follow him to fall down the mountain, this is what will happen, I am telling you and this is what is happening because they say, children say, man, these are our parents.  So  Judgment is the second thing, you did not do this, uncle's son did it for him, you did it for him, he will not do anything after this because he will release me no matter what I do, this father does not want to be happy and this is the thing. Why is he not happy because actually there has been a lot of trouble in his life, he has been exploited a lot due to many expressions, he himself does not understand how and he is after so many children, the children do not know what dreams they have, first of all the children.  Too  Tell me this brother, we do n't have any dreams of our own, no dreams are like this, you live your life comfortably, be happy and tell me what you want from us and stop having too much success expression in life, I want to get a job worth 30 40 50 thousand, everyone please.  Please hold this one because when you hold it, it will be something like swimming, you will not know how to walk, now you will not know how to ride a bicycle, now when you have the desire to ride a bicycle, you will have to ride the bicycle with your hands free because it is a matter of time. Ultimately, the mother of leaving hands behind and driving is aspirational. One lakh one and a half lakh, two lakh three lakh, what do those people of vehicles do these days and I am getting a job of Rs 40000, the phone in my hand is worth Rs 70 thousand, I mean the phone.  Expensive, equal to 2 months salary, how will I reduce it, you have to protect your children from these things, especially the middle class audience, I am telling this to you, Al Adhikari, you are busy with your salary.  It has become 3.5 lakhs in the government because you have been working in the government for 30-35 years, different increments, different commissions, lagg increments, this is what you are capable of, in the market of 3.5 lakhs you also know that you should leave your job.  If you do n't get Rs 35,000, is it true? If not, please tell me. Then show yourself in front of your children like I am very great and earn Rs 300,000. I request them to stop like this with folded hands because if you have to give the exam again now, with whatever time you come, you head to the date time and you give the exam because it will be less tomorrow also. I agree that it is okay but when it is at the level. You are so called, you go now with hard work, otherwise you are not going to pass anywhere, I am telling this because democratization of education has taken place, even poor children have phones in their hands, read that too. Now there are a lot of poor people, so now among those poor and very poor people, one child is being born out of a thousand, if the middle class is less, then it is 100, but not even one out of 100 is being born because that poverty is taking so many posts.  All the time they keep studying morning and night, they fall short, but they are so much that in reality they are taking out the same sim, their belly is in D-fire, your child is not in it, if your child's belly is not in D-fer, then you on this  You should not be sad, you should be happy that you have risen above the level. Parents do not understand that they have risen above the level, now their children will not have the same fire inside them that they had because their parents are at a lower level now. You have gone a level up, you do n't get the feeling of coming here, what is it like because you have felt the coolness of it, what is the car like, have you sat in the car, what is it like to study in a good school, what is it like to eat food in a good hotel. What are good clothes to wear?  It happens that this is not everyone's struggle, if it is not there in his life now, then it is not there, now it is not there, now you have to see what can be done next, if you read too much back, he neither wants to get married nor do he wants to do a job.  We have to do something in life and we want to give real life to our children who become decent and hardworking and Leslie is preparing for UPSC State Civil Services exam and is going to do more for it, brother, then those 8-10 years.  till this  They will continue to prepare, after that there will be emptiness in their life, they will not understand anything, then they will get confused, then to confuse them, big Acharyas are sitting there saying, 'Go, we will tell you what you are doing, this and this.' No one liked it, why do you have to study, why do you have to get a job, why do you have to get a job, so that you can get married, and why do you have to get married, so that you can get sex, then it is all about sex and one should not have sex, so now that.  you will be able to have sex because Actually, there will be no marriage and who does it with anyone, then everything seems to be right, your children will go to them, now you have to see whether you want to make your children sit in their lap or take control, brother.  Listen, we will do all the jugaad, we will do it for him also, yes, it is his jugaad, Sara, because if he is not there, then how will this DNA progress further, how will the consciousness progress, how will the intelligence increase, will the conscience end, that has to be increased, son, that jugaad has to be done, son. Daughter, Jugaad has to be done, I am making the videos for clarity, do n't make me any cheap, do n't make me any wrong, I am a consultant, highly tree consultant, okay, I am telling you this thing for free, no matter how much it seems, people.  By paying a lot of money, they take clarity and thank you. This is what I want to tell me. Okay, you do n't want to take me anywhere, I don't want to take anyone anywhere, I do n't want to be taken there and so on.  I want to show it but science is going on very nonsense so I will try to remain subtle, I will try to wake up whoever you want, you can wake up your own father, mother and family and inside the house itself, okay now with someone else.  Don't wake Jai because all of them are trying to awaken, are they trying to awaken or are they trying to make people more unconscious, only time can tell, but right now the army is so prepared and if it continues to move forward in this transition, I will tell you about my  The future of the country is not looking very bright because if the youth gets involved in all these things because here the parents have raised their hands, if the parents had raised their hands then the child will go anywhere, it is a screw, keep tightening it.  Keep doing it, keep doing it, you will tighten it after a stage, the bangle becomes loose, then it becomes like this, it is fine with your intelligence and it is fine to awaken something, people will think that you are fasting, you are doing it like this, don't speak. should do down  Why are you saying good things, brother, you make 15000 videos and in every contradictory video, tell something different, today you are wearing a suit-boot type, what knowledge have you recited again and again, now you are telling this thing, so today's  It will be explained above, do you understand that my point is only to clear the confusion, it is okay for me to be less professional, today it is okay for an un-consultant to give clarity on things, don't be in that kind of situation. Don't be emotional, someone wants to live in my village, someone says something to me, hangs on me and returns, I also have feeling, the verse of doing everything, feelings, Guru ji, you look very good, this is it, somehow it is explored. I quickly tell him that my fee is my pearl and send him away right there. I fall in his eyes by saying that don't put me in his eyes so much, I will take the money and tell him if the money is fine then he will also be declared a fraud and there is no idea.  Will you wake up because no money is being taken there, but you are getting less money because then look slowly there, whether you take a pearl fee from one person or take ₹ 20 from lakhs, the matter is correct, I too am fine.  I am confused in this matter only in this matter, whatever situation I am, how can I deal with it, because I do not have any organization, I have not raised any army to do counter-negative, I have not incurred any such expenses.  so it is How can I tell, I can tell through my videos, whoever has the reach, whoever is listening to my subscription, please do it brother, he is in the family, family, mother, parents, wife, he is running away from mother's mother's wife.  No one is having children or they don't want to have one or no one wants to raise them or someone else would have said ahead that it is okay to have children, what is the need, why do we have to increase the population of the earth, do you know that the earth is coming to an end, no, no, there is no mistake, no.  It is not ending. If it ends then it will be only us. The earth is not ending. This is what I want to tell you. If you leave a garden unattended for 3 months, it turns into a forest. Okay, so the earth is not ending. That's all to me. 100  % I am sure that if it is going to end or is going to end then we are the only ones, so now we have to do it and if this kind of influence has come then we have to save ourselves from it. Thank you.