Hello friends, today I have brought a very interesting concept in the society and if you support that concept, then you can write in the comment section. Weddings will come now, it will be held in November and December. Square is the fittest concept for the wedding. It is a very good concept, this is my concept.  Also came the idea of asking some money for the construction of a temple which was a good work so this is the concept of square feet that if any couple is getting married then  1000 square feet flat for them, 1000 square feet super area, now I am going with this ball park figure, there is no need to make it very big, very expensive, here I am not talking about 10 crores, I am saying here that 1000 square feet.  You see a flat, depending on which city you live in, it can be builder floor or flat, it can be under construction, readymade super area is 1000 and carpet area is around 700. Now grab 700 or grab 1000 depending on how the goods are sold in your city. Okay, so if you want to grab one, you grab it. There will be a rate on its square feet. So if it is for 1000 square feet and let's say.  The rate there is 8000 per square foot for lettings, so it is a thing of Rs 8 lakh, that is, the rate of one square foot is 8000, so you are the boy's aunt.  So you will say that I am not giving square feet to this couple in the marriage. The boy is the maternal uncle of the girl. I am telling from both the sides that the property will be in the name of the boy as well as in the name of the girl. Whatever one and the other will be given to the government.  This is an idea and the state government can do this, especially where elections are coming, from the day of marriage till the day when marriage is being fixed till the day if a property is taken within these 100 days. This couple will be given some discount of 2% to 3% in the registration cost. If they have to pay in GST, then it will be given in GST and an interest rate subsidy will be given. If they take a loan then they start again and we will  It can also be shown like who gave how much, many a times it is not even shown, charity is being done like this, then in that we take shagan wagon, you must have seen, okay, we carry shagan etc.  So what I am saying is that brother, double the tax up to 5 square feet or 2 square feet, tell me the concept of square feet, then if the rate is Rs 8000 and someone is paying only Rs 000, then the society is paying points equal to 5 square feet.  Let us make a system that we have to give square feet to any new couple who gets married and that rate and property should be given as a discount. I am not saying that Bandra Kurla is 7 lakh 70000 square feet.  I am not telling you to take that thing, I am telling you to do it, parents should also contribute, friends should also contribute, relatives should also do it, everyone should reduce the expenses on the wedding. Parents should absolutely reduce the expenses on the wedding. Selected people should call two or three. Don't buy a lehenga worth four lakhs because you know that if I buy a lehenga worth three lakhs or three lakhs, people are very stupid, okay and gold is so expensive, then the Mangal Sutra should be taken with a little hard big ears.  You should buy a few things from the van, but the unnecessary things will remain lying in the dirty locker, you will not get the rent, you cannot live in it, then when you see everything in it, brother, it is like that two square feet of the shoes were taken by the sisters-in-law and they have to return them.  Gave and took anything from someone else, concept of square feet, slowly, slowly, brother, I am telling you, there is nothing in a thousand, on the girl's side, on the boy's side, I do n't say, there are not so many 500 people in the marriage.  So what I am saying is, invite very few people, but brother, the marriage is done for less than 50 rupees from the girl's side, if 50 relatives are from the family, then less than that, I have already counted the people, if you also put in minimum close, 50 rupees will come.  Now the boy's 50 has become 100. Out of the 100, give as much respect as you can, according to me, the most should be given to the father of the boy and the girl, it is not necessary for the father of the boy and the girl and then the brother to win.  If I have to complete Haj, then a loan will also be taken. If I get 500 feet out of 1000 feet from the lets, then I will pay 500 feet in the marriage. In two-three years, is it still under construction or will my rent be saved? Loan.  I will take the rent also, but if my monthly rent is saved, I was paying Rs 40,000 in rent and Rs 8,000 was mine, so if I get the square feet, then my monthly rent will be saved only. In one month and one year, I have saved 60 square feet. In one year, 60 square feet have been saved anyway because I have taken a house and not had to pay rent. Do you understand what I am saying? How much have I saved in three to four years? I got 500 square feet anyway.  The concept of mental accounting is gone. I am saying mental accounting. You can easily reach out the one with 800 square feet and the one with 700 square feet and it is necessary to have it easily. I said 1000 by the way.  It is very nice for 2 BH for 700 carpets, a little Rs. 550, 600, 700 will also do, if Mumbai Pune is such a place then other places are also coming up with such things, it was a very good thing concept wise, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, anywhere and small cities.  It is also possible that in small cities the rate will be even lower and it will be easier to do square feet. In small cities you can give more square feet. Brother-in-law gave me 5 square feet as a gift.  Start writing three and introduce the concept and once this thing will spread in the society, which should not spread, if the word spreads in the society then very easily, very easily, the numbers will be done. Independence Day is coming, you will get discount in the comment section.  I have given amazing ideas from my Workshop of Venom Webinars till date. Which one will be a hit with you and how many will you enjoy, after listening to some and seeing them, you can start the consultation.  You can do pre-marital consultation, relationship webinar and an astrologer, you can take a happiness course, you can take an independence day discount, you can add 25 rupees to it and please take it, you will get all the downloads and procedures of the procedure in the comment section.  So all of you can enjoy this concept, tell us how you liked it, share it, like it, thank you very much.