Hello friends, this video is on marriage, read the merit merit series, it is a very good series, if you have seen the new video first then definitely watch its different videos, I am better than giving some tips to those whose children have a marriage palace or not.  If you are married, then see which profile you fit in. This is a very interesting video. Watch it till the end and do share it. I am seeing one thing in her and I want to give a tip on that, now the boy's family should not worry about marriage.  Keeping a separate house for the boy is a lot.  This frill has become necessary and has become a mandatory requirement. We have introduced this frill in the first channel. Being a boy in China, the situation of border disadvantage. How research works very well. I will tell you Female Feticide India. Subscribe. I have taken this thing, I posted it on Google. These benefits have been increased which they give to females inside the womb. This is a very wrong thing. In North India, this is also a big issue. The rate of gold goes up in marriage.  It seemed to the girl's parents that the girl was not even born yet, that she was married to the elder one and this one was not relating to anyone in the society like this, so in today's time, 2022, I tell you that being a boy is a boy's life. What is the biggest achievement in North Indian that it will be a boy, this is a lot, brother sir, plateaus, you have become a boy, see in front of how many, three girls, fourth Tadka, life is hell of his thoughts, that is a different thing, but we have two sisters, third, fourth and  Okay, so today, if you are a boy, you will be very ghrelin, I am not talking about this very bored class, this hair long * Below the particular level, it may not be applicable to show, but there is a very big section which says that the girl is different.  Need a house, although there is another son too, that 61.915 Thursday's idea, one thing is a very good video for you guys that if we accept this thing and I will bat from both the female sides, then it will be against the boys. Or the girl's affair with no gas, I will tell the details of the parties to both the girls properly. Girls, if you are trained or a girl comes like this or you are feeling that you will have to give a separate house, give a date, the girl should have a.  There is a job and boys and girls are potatoes. If your daughter has a job then 100% wherever the boy goes, his house should be separate, he has to serve his parents, he has to stay close, videos will be made on that also, take it next to him, who did this to him?  said that  Going inside the same kitchen because parents eat different food or some people may feel like eating rajma and gram, I will make a separate video that living separately is invisible. If you are thinking that we will not live together.  He will stay with us, he is fooling himself, if he is not very above the level, he is in India, okay, welcome once again, okay, it is not me, but many people in the audience think like this and do not tell while doing so. so the boy in it  Want to get a house but the girl should be working, there is no unnecessary expenditure on marriage because if the girl's parents demand that there should be a house then the boy's parents should not pay ₹ 1. Marriage is a useful thing and do the function, then definitely take me for court marriage.  I don't like Agni as a witness and on top of that 60-70 lakhs, you want to cheat them, whatever your expenses, plant that size, zero, two, it's okay, thick, it's okay, if there is an audition at home, then if the father of the victim girl has given 25 lakhs.  If he had to give money, if he had to spend money on the wedding, then he was subscribing to this girl from inside the house for five minutes, so he should give 15 lakhs to his own daughter so that whatever is in the name of both the house and the family should be in the name of both the accused. So let me talk about a house worth Rs 1 Crore, it is a lot for that child, if the boy's father gave Rs 15 Lakhs and the girl's father gave Rs 15 Lakhs, it is 30 Lakhs, then the boy's estate will be worth Rs 5, 7, 10 Lakhs.  The girl was also working, her investment was worth 57 lakhs, then it became 50 lakhs, the child, both of them together have taken a loan, yes, it happened, not giving the house print, it became acid for both of them, so such marriages will happen and will last.  There will be very little hassle there. Tell me that if your son is not earning much money and the girl is not working and then there is a demand to keep a separate house, this snake should tell you that this is a proposal and you want a separate house.  You will have to do 50%, either if the girl doesn't have a job then do it anyway, save money in marriage, we will also make you unfit, all these things seem a bit strange, the society has no favors, do practicals before marriage, this girl is trained in every household.  She needs a separate house to play. She will not weigh 40 years in 2022. Life expectancy is increasing. The mother-in-law, the pure one, had given her child to this year's boy and this year's boy is getting married.  If you pay Rs 898, if you can't do it for 50 years then you will have to pay it, it will feel bad, but when you have to do it, you may have many more and run away leaving their dreams fulfilled, subscribe to our number, this is the weddings, you have commented, Grandma.  If you want to make your son's future better, then remove this desire of yours, O daughter-in-law, don't make you serve me, I am giving you the knowledge of 2019, so it is a great achievement for you to serve, so forget that June 2022 will happen.  Let me tell you something, you do n't need more than a lesson, maybe how will your relationships be in the next 15 years, maybe when you go to six digit 1617, you may get some help as a humanity and as a relationship, but ultimately whatever.  Are you thinking of doing service or are you thinking of getting it done? Ultimate service is done by money. Remember, only money is lying in your bank. If not in your bank, it will be lying in your child's bag because it is a nurse, doctor, driver, maid, home car.  The medium of service to everyone is found to press the feet, the massagers are also found, the cooks are also found, the one who feeds is found, then keep this thing, someone will waste his time and give up living his life, okay then in videos.  If people feel bad, then there are some good things, that is, some good is complete, when the medicine goes somewhere or the other, it will taste bitter at least once, I try to feed not only the whole laddu, it is ok, British is very different, ok but. Practically Tuesday Woods meeting true video rich meeting in YouTube I mean I must have misconceptions about myself will go away say brother sir this is the channel it makes you good also talks on this topic I talk about these things openly  I rest, look into the eyes and tell practical things while maintaining maximum decency with discretion. I am someone's property, new astrology, God's handiwork, the one who shows the right character and we  There has to be another real change which will not change, with time it will cause a lot of trouble and we should remove arrogance from our life. As we go into old age, whoever goes should remove arrogance from our life. They already start suffering from arthritis, people go towards arthritis and women travelers travel due to this, then they have to keep the road at zero level in their life, then in the same way the body is getting stiff, if you keep the stiffness inside then it will get even more stiff.  It will be okay, so all the second dip was suffering from arthritis, which is a tip for you, if you are the mother of a boy or mother of a girl, take a deep breath in your life and do not expect too much from the next generation and if you are not getting anything then you are not going to get anything. Don't dare yourself and if after that there is a relationship, talk, visit, meet, subscribe, please do not subscribe to this channel because your husband may have had a government job, Masterji was there for 14 years. You retired in 1662, you got interest, there were no aspirations in your life, job security was complete and all day you were told to wash clothes, eat food, do this, life was like ghee and goals and thought process of your life are very different from the generation today.  There are many issues of job security on the day, with the help of which they go to you and tell you that brother, don't come tomorrow, last month's salary, 15 days' salary many times.  Question Khani organized a zoom meeting, look at yourself and appointed everyone and the meeting is 200ns, I am sorry to say that coffee has been selected for Black and White House, after subscribing to the YouTube channel and firing him from the job, under-19 does not even have that much English.  If he can explain his situation to you then read it and read it to other important students. I hope you all like it. Like it. If you have not subscribed the channel then please thank you.  You