Hello friends, this is a little deep video, it is for the employed people, if you do any kind of job, then this video is for you and please spread the video to your employed people because Dave's job will be changed, it will make a lot of difference. Those who are at the upper level will feel bad because I am going to tell them their game. The Illuminati person is in corporate, will benefit a lot, will benefit in government also and will bring more in the stomach. These private jobs will benefit a lot. I am going to break the one plate system. This beat is very important in the team because I am in a lot of pain. This video is a challenge. This kind of video is a challenge. You guys feel that I would like to show a little bit of mine. Please complete it. There was no one on such a video because so.  It can definitely mess up, this is the way the system is running but someone has to come forward to give the prince of the channel to the individual because I believe that the country will progress by force and take this length. remained  It is not even reaching the country, you are watching what fun is happening, who is doing what, what is happening on jobs, you people know that if I go and make a video on it, I will get 100 times more usage.  Will go but I should not make it, the world is making it but I am deeper than that and the arrangements and the intelligent and selection process were ok, okay so now let's type, this is taught in the beat team, first of all remember this way can't tree now  Easily but replace you easily and will always want this and they understood that running this point I at any end you may like Simran very much, this very a country can also control approach which let me tell you that with you I taught you this  When I got a job, I called you and many people will also get distracted, so don't jump and easily crush a belief system. Listen for 10 minutes. Life may become a U-line because jobs are going away. People are getting worried, if you are saved from getting battered and then how is it said that you do a time job, you get screenshots, you become senior, you get knowledge, then you are told that you are a B team so that you  Share your knowledge with someone else and they should do something together and achieve it together. In this, I will tell you what kind of man is inside those who pick pimples. Do you remember the 2011 World Cup? Dhund Jhalani ji's photo, Gautam Gambhir's photo.  No one remembers 1974, no one remembers Yuvraj Singh and who else tweeted the country to you 31 and here is the team of 2011 which won the World Cup on 2nd April 2011, the team which won the World Cup on 2nd October 2011  How many of its members were left, this is what is happening with you people, now you people take it to the country level, you take it to patriotism, the work does not end there, the reality.  I am going to tell you about my life, you are playing for India in your job and there is no patriotism there, I have to be a little aggressive so that I can deliver this point because people react like this, your boss number has come down, you are someone.  There is an increment in the World Cup, someone has won the photo, there is some pressure that you will remain in it because you are told that what should I do, I will not do it, then what do you have to do, I will tell you how to do that too, but first these films.  I neither learn that whenever you are told about team team team team, if the team wins then what will you get now and how much pumpkin will be cut and how much radiation will be there, even after the movie is made in 1993 World Cup, see the different players where the players are, know their names.  Even now you will not be able to tell the names of five to six players. After Kapil Dev Sunil Gavaskar Crickets Most of the names below will become difficult for you to tell in a few days and that is when the movie 'Otherwise' was made. Before this, there was memory.  Hee Kapil Deep ji's 175 He has kept him as his own Squirrel will go to one person You don't sacrifice your life to others and that one person There is no need to bring the country in a part because there is no talk of the country and I  That I am telling you that 24 * Hey Zre Se Alam Pik Mein and you slow brothers, I am not speaking with the country, so I am not talking about gender, I am telling you pimples because that  Now those players carry the bitterness, it's okay for that team, they get some dedication, they get their photos clicked, if something happens then it's okay, I told you about the World Cup winning team 2011 October, take out the list and see how many players were there and who survived and what happened.  The same thing is happening in real life, it is happening in corporate life, you are on, you will be used and thrown, if you want to know, recognize and learn things, then join us now with an open mind, if you question everything that you have. And with experience over a period of time because what about corporations if you have 10 years of service and your fan base is 2 lakhs and you get so much done and that's so much of you that you have an original skills and that degree style from college.  And how much brain did he have, the top from a school got it in 1 to 10 years and the work experience that comes from working at that place, people want that 10 years  Experience in some way, apart from treatment, treatment supervisor, it is okay to make bullying in English, transfer this to the young person quickly so that when your leave comes very soon and then he gets the complete knowledge and he will not need to pay so much salary. At half the salary that is being given to you, you will work on water numbers and this is how profit is earned. I am the lesson of such a think tank, now you do not consider me as even Lord Will.  That he bats from both the sides, yes, I do, I am a consultant, so it is for the benefit of the person sitting in front, and Private Ward Singh, neither am I taking the name of anyone's company, nor have I told anyone below, I am telling this.  It is just telling that if someone says that water is mixed in milk then I am not taking the name of anyone but it is those who have said that water is mixed in milk and dirty water is also mixed somewhere.  goes and what else  It happens that if he is in films, then those who are inside this industry know that there is something wrong, so after all, he is raising awareness, like even a doctor can spread that we do this, it is okay, so no one's name is being taken, okay.  But many employed people like you Rekha and that friend, this is the truth of leadership, I will also tell you this in video making, this leadership leader is the one who fools the people below him without them knowing that he has fooled them, power goal.  in which his  Whether the share is more or the share of the institution is more, this is leadership and you are called a leader, being a good leader, on this also I will tell people whether you have studied leadership or how the boss makes mistakes, if anyone wants a video on that then please write. Leadership is also stuck on this leadership, hundreds of books have been made, 10 crore videos have been made and it is a very over used miss used word, leadership is nothing, your sweet pill, good leader sweet.  If bandleader has notification then please all of you that is you can be but its body can easily train number details for what do you will be replay start having things in your skills set which can be replaced like apna batao na That a mother-in-law does not tell her daughter-in-law all the exact spices in every dish, otherwise she would not like her daughter-in-law to perform the aarti in any gathering, she should not accompany the dog's pee so lovingly, mother-in-law, mother-in-law  Yes, please tell me how to make it. Yes, I will tell you personally, it has 322 ingredients. In it, Master Satbir works like a five star master chef. He knows everything. There is a team of 15 people under him. He will get everyone's work done but will not let it affect them so that he can  Edison himself, you can reduce it in such a way that it takes you as an example, this is a very, very big thing that I am telling you, are you able to understand this thing, please write in the comment section, we will understand it.  Are you getting end wear enjoy difficulty my mobile falls I want to comment airtel things that everyone reset all of us i.e. ninety nine out of a hundred if you guys are thinking no friend then we did not know about any such thing our  Who will stand for this, I am not a union leader, I am someone's astrology, I am going to throw torch light that this is happening, it can happen like this, see this, you have to use your brain, this channel was God, intellectual, whoever wants to become, he is a little  That's the deep things, that cooked taco won't work, Adrenal Rishi Mitti will be found, there will be a document, but you will start connecting the dots, this is happening with you in the office, so never ever tumor employees and workers, all the qualities attract hide this service of that  Aapki Loyalty Festival Wife and Kids Inko Pal Hai Note That He Ek Koi Aaye Hai Boy Hai Girl Swara Weeks Sir How Sir How Do You Do It Sir Aaj Tere Ko Pata Nahi Nahi  Like this, tell Char P that P will be on leave and maybe he will become your boss by being adept at sycophancy and getting the coins to work with you. Same thing happens with the buses and then they roam around very sad. We were not respected, we were not received.  Did n't get the answer because you are replaceable, you have to keep things with yourself, you have to keep things, okay, you have seen that a teacher is a teacher, till now I have given an example, then there are many particulars which are community and class. Why can one get angry then but I will still give it because I have to explain it by giving a practical example and for many such people, before applying, there is a difference between the amount of effort a teacher teaches in the normal class of his school and the amount he teaches on tuition. Or not if he teaches as well and as much and tuition he has the knowledge where he picks of were great and tells that this one should do this, this one should do that, he will take that one sir, this one is very good, this one is so in the city city  small In cities, definitely in big cities, this is not the case nowadays because nowadays there is slope but if you remember and 15-20% this year earlier it used to be like that man, he is fine, now he should go to school and study, then it is normal with him. He kept it for his own promotion and you can call it whatever you want, he is saying that I am justifying the salary that I am getting, the one above this is mine, so if I don't insist on it then I will.  My salary at home is Rs 5000, so he says I should make Rs 8765, but I am a man, Payal, why am I not going to show you the magic in Felling of Trees, then people will ask me to do the same work, how will he do it, how will he go to school, then people will know.  If there is no teacher then he goes there to tell his product, here is this and then it happens like this, if you have understood the things, Uttarakhand is active then you have to see that it is like this  What skill set do you have now? If you do n't have it then you will be replaced anytime. If you become a receptionist, an officer and you don't have any great skill set in that you can even cook food, then you will be replaced because you are just  Hi Good Morning Sir, Good Evening Sir, you have to enter the number, there also you have to do some such things on which your organization becomes dependent and do not smoke your trick on any other girl who comes for the job of a receptionist. Explain that this boss is like this, this is written on this paper for correction, call him and that answer is not correct. Latest Percentage Discover You Don't Have To Big Boss Ultimately, it takes 5 minutes to fire you from the job. Brothers and sisters, this is the environment that has happened.  So you will have to make your own book letter, you will have to make your own nuisance value, you will have to tell that yes, it will not work without this, it will work without all this, then when there will be chutney, there will be updates like these.  Percentage will be the reaction. There is talk about it, so who will be removed from the ten percent, you tell me, you tell me, you are the one doing the job and they called you and said that whoever listens, ten percent people have to be removed and this year the people are you.  Which 10 people will you remove, tell me who will be that person, you should not be in this country, you are minion at 90, you have to be in the top ten, so to be in the top ten, if you do the same thing, then you will keep sharing knowledge, okay, that's it.  Hobby consultant Panno, such people, if there is value in your knowledge, people will give money, it is okay, then satisfy them. If you are the one who shares the knowledge for free, those who share it full time have to return a little, 50, seventy, eighty, ninety percent too, but behind that you have to give your money.  There is no need to grow in the office, the same knowledge, if the butt toe is sanded in the WhatsApp relatives of Shri, then in your workplace and if not the hair, then you will feel very cheated. Tell me how did you like the video.  It has been made with a lot of effort, how will it fit, it will be good, if friends like it and write good feedback, then I will read more below, I will take out the inside and tell you very well, I will explain it very well, I hope all of you understand, wet fragrance, hence body.  Is it absolutely necessary to do it or not? Not like this, I have to open the money through security. Strictly see what happens. Okay, when there is a requirement for the team, B team man and soft.  Don't end the cost of team man, don't lose your team spirit if you don't have a team party, what pickle will you put in your no longer for developing, thank you very much, love you, love you quite very nicely, take your gift, get the photo taken, thank you very much my  Baitha Heroine What you want to win the game and when you want to win the game and telling with examples for that Routine for the time being, I will tell you that those who are playing for the country, all these politics are going on, you know this but we will not go in that direction because the message I want to give will get messed up, I am keeping the message as a person working in a corporate, you Local in that company, in that company the day after tomorrow, every person in this company changes the eighth news together. In 40 years, there will be such a team man, then who are you and who gets replaced quickly, whatever amount is there in your village. It is replaceable, there is only one, everyone else has two, many have two horses, two camels, two camels, okay, you have seen that, and if the old one is one, then the biryani is okay, thank you, there is one.