That Hello friends, the topic is a symptom of a boom in Gurgaon real estate market, which is a symptom, or a cut is visible, or a confluence of boom and people, how to react now, normally you have seen that builders do not launch in this rainy season. First Shravan thread in August, August is up, upcoming Shraddhas are not normally done in which pitch, okay, but now they are being launched, so it means the inventory is coming out.  Wilders Not Willing To Wait Till October Why Time Waste You guys will be shown by subscribing and subscribe today and the thing that is getting today is not something that after doing that how long will you wait for four upwards that yes  I am getting something, I am getting four suitable for this, whatever you know, the system works, something or the other, you are buying this, you will get a car, you will get that, you will get a TV, you will get some iPhone, all that, we will wait for all that, I am wide Mr. Okay.  So, write down the same rate on Late Opportunity Singh and Ticket Sizes and Sentiments of Conducting Avinash and note it in the diary. The payment is made from the vote taken. The payment plan that is in place today will change after two months because when that inventory gets depleted.  If yes, then the builder's confidence increases and then he can easily do his marketing by increasing the price. Today, word of mouth is like Ayushmann Khurrana's movies.  That's the salary, Congratulations, tell me quietly, it's good, take a look, go take a look, this is how marketing is being done, there is no fanfare, a lot of expenses are being incurred in the newspaper, on top of that, social media, one and a half thousand people are calling.  They are saying that there is a party happening on Friday, very big parties like this, nothing is happening, if nothing is happening, then there is no party, the information about all this makes him feel that man.  Just like that means something special.  But the one who is connected, who is listening, watching, okay then Vinod, you are watching, these days you are not getting Vinod, okay, then you are watching Vinod, so if you want to become Vinod, then please subscribe to the channel.  Notification will come to you, there is a particular posts page, on that you will have to press the notification of the channel, what you have to do is subscribe, after that you will click here, then oil will come on it, then everyone will click on it.  If you click on that all, then whenever a notification comes to explain about any project or about details, you have to go there to make real-time Aankhen Kirtan video. When the information comes that  If you like something like hot pakodas then the time of rains is going on, warm clothes are coming, enjoy the hot pakodas, enjoy, that is, get the information, it is okay, not necessary, it is okay, still 5250 in the market.  Percentage of people are sitting on the sidelines whether to take it or not, many do not have money right now, something has to be written, many should take 2006 and three to four highly located people should buy at 35 cents, half of which are in a relationship with Invest Ranger.  And if people have bought it at about 15 to 20 cents, then send these four settings, I will tell the end user investor window server who has bought it, now let him know the price, I have drank how much is mine, how much is there and one more.  Those who want to buy on window for, then these are four categories, the first category is around twenty percent, this one is around fifteen percent, those who have bought something, that too around 20% and those who want to buy, at 45 cents A, so this is  Reduce is very important, it is live in the webinar, I myself collect the data, it tells that the day market is invested by no one else and the circulation is that time market, here is the scary serial video, right.  Now, I do n't understand the meaning of school, but if I look at it, I will be able to link it very well to see which places are in trend, we research the whole game, what is cycle in acid cycle, okay they do, subscribe, relate, relate,  It should always be done clearly, then when the mind gets focused on where we are now, then you can say that like in 2019, it was a part of Dwarka Expressway which was a part of Dwarka Expressway in 2013.  Should have gone under the Fragnet, came in 2019 in 2019 of Dwarka Expressway, so now subscribe above, stay connected for trains, stay connected for rates, don't think that if there is a teacher pick then this is not the right time when  Because I do n't even feel like watching a movie at this time, I do n't feel like going out much, it's raining this quarter, it's okay, the picture is just flopping, is n't it?  Some of us do you know that human mind does not work just because of voting, no good and entertainment, anyway we got a video from the office on this issue and will make a commercial, I will link it up again, okay, so take care of it.  How did you understand what I am trying to tell you, please subscribe the channel or not, like it, share it with people and if you are connected then stay connected and please press the bell icon. It will take three seconds to make the notification huge. But if the thing comes in real time then you will come to know as per the notice otherwise you will keep asking and give a recording of it, there are many recordings so that there is no recording, okay then you will come to know in real time with these films. People will be thanked