Hello friends today's topic is who is your neighbor this aspect is very very come the day when people are doing their new property purchase bond payment plan cutting and layout and location and brand people are not able to see this being the first of all eyes and  What Kind of People Will Stay Important in These Times That Networking Will Be a Big Thing What Kind of People Hang Out Around You People come and go Will make a lot of difference Only four wheeler Ping This is not the results in life Where people leave the neighborhood And see the sentence They belong to different set of society And made them progress The rest of the people progressed and left and then  They should also progress and any other kind of people feel uncomfortable living with baboons, it gets a little bordering on this classist and like that.  Also, agree, but it is important to tell these things, okay, it is very important, for example, I will tell you only by taking the extreme arrangements, but I will tell you only for the sake of understanding, it is okay if you can understand, okay, I know there is a neighbor hood where most of the  The salaries are of 50 thousand rupees, 40,000 3350 maximum, this is the account, all the entries are of that type and you have a very high salary there.  Whatever is left, you get some money from somewhere, you will get a lot, whatever happens, you will buy a BMW, now when you will park a car worth 75-80 lakhs in such a neighbor hood, then maximum people will think that you are a driver, now understand from Devi Note 3 that if your  When the car passed by, he said that here I am giving you an example in this situation because life always happens. Samvida Middle Many times in explaining this, I have tried to explain it by turning it into black and white and using hyperbolic figures of speech.  If it is necessary, then in the system of people who have jobs in the subscribe internal working in subscribe department, they took the property with the same kind of people, they took the same kind of society. You know, the old CGSA society was tied in such a way that the same kind of people stayed in the same society.  There is a department that people like that used to take, now here is your growth Jio, then this topic which I made, who is your neighbor will define when you reach in life you tell me your friends will I will tell you who are your friends and what do you do. I will tell you that you are the same system, you have to sit around yourself, what kind of people are your fans, in the same way, there is a lot for women too.  It is important that in those families where the women do not earn anything by doing anything, do not know what to do and are sitting with a lot of screenshots, then let me tell you the result of this, long story short, in the matter of 4 BHK, go to 3 BHK, three have two.  I am going in the pocket, my status in the house is in a slightly higher place because over time the status gets bigger, then if only then it is said that if this is the status then take it after the war because it will take time in this net journey and then it will take time to reach here also. So, if you have kept it here, it would not have been a big hit film. You have taken this example of Vikas, that is why I am telling you because this scene is a friend which has been told by people and I am giving you an example against it. Don't accuse me of being classy because Pimple is my job to explain to my audience. Okay, one day if you want me to tell who my Explodes are according to me, then please right explain and write it so that it becomes clear because if you  I am speaking for him, you can do this, a video was made for you a few days ago in which I told a little about the NIT area of ​​Faridabad, the heart has to speak in a distressed language, okay, if you want, I  If you make videos only in English, then I will make them. I know English well, but the emotions in it will be less because the emotions that come out by speaking a few words, the quality will be less, but it will be politically correct. My English is fine.  I said light area where kachar kachar to hum badi was very very district my my grand parents se parents stranger who can you call it reduced why I why till you are there I will make this video Who are the mostly achievers? Okay, so if you, my hair is white and my age is very young, then if you call me uncle ji, then okay will you say, neither a tuition, doobie, white, nor an astrologer account, deficit option, unrighteous banking, I am angry, but IF.  If placid is below then accept what you are, if it is thick then people will say, why do you feel bad, whatever is is okay, yes, I send a lot of classes and colors to that.  Did n't want to take the discussion to XP but you should accept what has been handed to us, we should always try our best to improve as much as we can on that thing, we can't change these things to improve, it makes my videos very good, people liked it a lot.  It was said that do not give tandoori to those things which are not in your control, then your life will remain under control. Those things which are out of your control, don't tell me son, in this your life will remain under control and if you give importance to those things only.  Who will respect me, will say Namaste, if you are not in much control then you will fee out of control, then the neighbors come forward, who will you go to, all these things happened, they will decide how you feel about your life, Voodoo Networking and how do you progress in life.  Because if the neighbors have done all the sour things that I want to give to the international community and do not want to give money to pick up the garbage, the reminder set is very high and the non-combatants have that receptive mind set.  Then you and yours are going towards Mandals, then this will have a conflict, it will not be fun, you have been very very very very very two, now let's prepare the Lakshya video on this, I will tell you women, their kitchen in the process of growing up or Radha herself, the room.  In order to get bigger, the cream is taken not for 10-15 minutes but it is cheaper there, at your rate, you got the bigger one, that means you made the budget there, your budget was so much, you did not buy potatoes and onions, see the property here.  Bigg Boss, that thing will come with that kind of entry and Subah Mentally Reddy, mismatch of any man's entry is very sad, this happens in marriages also, this is the boy's level, this is the girl's level, this will be irritating, don't do it in such a difference or even the opposite.  Do it, the boy here is from IIT, he is very good and he is from here, now I talk about these things, I will get a little distracted and tell him, the balance whipping will understand, okay, I am talking about what else is there in real life.  I am coming, it is good to sound politically correct, it should not be done like this, our heart also cries, there is no benefit in respect in these cycles, there should not be this mismatch, I am saying that if it happens in so many, then it would be fine, marriage is also fine, neighbors are also fine.  Everything is fine, you keep this limit, do not exceed this limit too much and test his call rate that if your level is not like this, then take tips and go here and there, you will not be happy there too, then it is okay, I know. No  How do I rally and what should I do, he will also not be happy but what I have given as an example is that like you, we are going to buy a car, if we go to buy this Honda City, then it is okay, okay, now that was America's budget and on that Creta.  But there is no need to go, everything will get messed up, all the calculations went to Ramesh and reached there and said, Come on friend, let's take Honda City, it will run that much, okay, I hope I was able to explain the bigger picture, it is okay, you guys could understand please. Write in the comment section, which leaves are I, prospective, will never be easy, water and arts, what kind of people are taking, what kind of people are taking, what is your profile, appointment, they have it right, you will come to know with a little check.  Do I Hop by doing this, it will help you, you will get a different perspective, Hybrid 360 degree perspective and real estate. Do you know anyone in India who brings 360 degree perspective on real estate?  If you know, then write the name. If you don't write, till then I am giving you the number one real estate. Thank you, thank you very much.