Hello friends, this is going to be a very interesting topic. Ayurvedic for all the parents. Are you worried about your child's future? All your worries will be freed. It is a very good video. Watch it further. All the men, parents, fathers and mothers also have to give meaning to their children.  The aim of the channel is to make people happy and make them rich. So listen carefully. Are you worried about your child's future? Everyone will say yes, what will happen?  Will you become successful, then which exam will you pass, then competition, then job, then you will not get job, then normal thinking, then I want to tell you that this is wrong, write only eight notes, worried about your children's future, my channel is not for mistresses.  It is for the people who understand higher order thinking and right now higher order thinking is happening, there is a tweet in the story, you will know who is the villain only when you yourself know you are. Worried About Your Feature Note Child Future You are selfish It will feel like a lot of pain Many people will run away from here Do n't chase me away Wait for two-four minutes more and go after listening If you don't like the taste then go away Guruji, you are very worried about the child, whether it is a boy or a girl.  11 Is he or will he go to twelfth, which subject is he taking or which college is taking admission or which competition is there or is he preparing for any exam? The child is not settled yet.  So, you parents are between the age of 14 to 25-30 years and are addressing the children to their parents. If you wish to transfer Rs. 5 crores to your bank account, then there will be less than Rs. 5 crores of 99.99 muesli in your account. You would like him to become something, do something, everything in his life will be his intention. I am talking about worry, worry will definitely reduce, so I am trying to prove one thing to all of you.  Listen carefully, only the middle class, which is my audience, is doing it. It is you people who are doing it. The poor do not worry about their children. You are very worried about your child. Is the child okay? Is it okay? Watch the video and ask him tomorrow.  Are you worried about your children? By asking people you will get a rich man. It is note academy interest. Was it right? Whatever you are, as much as I am, I am going to give you the solution, you will get the solution, what to do, you will get the problem before worrying.  Identify the problems, you have stagnation, you are not feeling like this, something great is going to happen in our life, Government employees get 3% increment, I can motivate your salary for 5 years, I know inflation is so much, Dak P  It is adjusted from N. There is no agreement of 3% and if there is a promotion, then an additional increment will be given. Brother, the salary does not matter to you, it seems that brother, there is a child in it. Can't withdraw, can't pass, ask other successful well practicing lawyers and chartered accountants and anybody who is in this category of professional, our clients are taxed less than the story, business is to be given to me, they are worried, their parents are worried about their own life.  I am not doing well and I am not doing great, my average is decreasing, they are worried and most of the government employees are worried, from inside I am dancing like this, I am trying to get them a government job.  Neither you nor you have become stable, now your job is nothing to your child, heart power, you have worked for 30 years, you will be an officer, you will have become a secretary, even if you were like this, your child's job is not going to happen because of this, the story is not going to be set now, people.  Then the comment area who are government employees are most concerned about the future of their children, neither do they have any idea about their network of contacts nor they want to set up their child like a government servant and in that they know him.  competition too  Don't remove it because when they removed it, the story was different. Now the competition is very high, so the worry arises from the inability of the parents. Okay, second, let's move towards its solution. The solution is sitting in your house itself. It is sitting, it is not saying, I am sitting, it is speaking.  Okay sitting, who is she who is the biggest expert in worrying whom we call housewife, now I have started saying openly to the housewife that whatever housewife worries.  She cares about her child's future and if she has a special girl who is the mother of her daughter, then she has no right to worry because her daughter will also become a housewife like you. What qualification does she need to become someone's wife? She should eat good food and drink. Teach home science, give her home science classes and she will become great. No-no, she will not do like us. Our daughter will definitely become something. Yes, it means that she will become something, that is, then she will not marry because what choice have you made.  House  What has the wife done that either I am not doing anything then I am doing this, if I become someone then it is not necessary for her to do this. This message is being sent which is a wrong message. What do you husbands have to do? Leave yourself. Whatever her talent, there is no such woman in our country who would be 40 years old, who has given birth to 12 children and who has been living and running her own house for 15-20 years and knows how to do everything.  For him  You have to earn money from her, I am not telling you to do a job because the reason is that when she earns money, you will see money coming into the house, then children will automatically be settled. I know many children, I am telling you on the basis of example, those who are IIM,  If you consider the package of Rs. 60, 70, 80, 90 lakhs of I am very great, then you consider it to be great. Google this in Bangalore. A lady in her sixties woke up as if she has to do something now. Started listening to less about Idli, Idli Sambar went so well, that boy of I am you, he has the knowledge, isn't he the boy of I am, he was beating the story job, will join mummy, you have to reduce the number of mummies so that children join.  Hey brother, if any business is liked by someone then it has to be absorbed by one or two people. No business can be run which is running alone. Not even by one or two people. Now 50 60  If someone else is worth 70-80 thousand lakhs, then keep your child only. If you establish it then you will be free from worries, which is your original program, let it continue but establish it, I tell it in D message practical and I have told 7 history.  Housewife, if you want to take that course from me, it is worth 77 rupees, you can take it, or you can take my platinum membership, you people will be there in it, no no, just like that. Why don't you tell me the idea for free? That's the money thing, brother, in India, if you tell me the idea then everyone keeps it for your husband. I am the advantage. First of all, I am not of this one. Forward this video to everyone. This video is to me.  Not only in 25 lakhs, but in 25 lakhs, I don't think that people in India will understand my content. It's okay and why am I saying this, I had just made my channel an expert.  Take the YouTube coach and check the content before the creator. I said, my content is very good, so many good comments come and this is coming, so how do I have to grow like every person does because people are sitting around 27 lakhs.  If the subscribers are doing ridiculous content, then the man gets confidence, right? My friend, what do you say, my samosa is good, my tea, pakoda or whatever is good.  I am putting his in dirty oil in desi ghee and not in mine so he told me it is okay the expert says are you bill du pat item number item number so I also know the item number you know those clickbait type item number anyone can do it  Guruji, if you can give the right thing, you can also give the wrong thing, so definitely collect the item number. Then he said, Sir, see how much time you spend watching your content, the retention is this extreme which is not like the others.  Watch Time Is Very Hi Engagement Is Very Hi Impact Is Very Hi Social Blue Ranking Is So You Are Having An Impact On The People Are Writing In The Comment Area That Sir He Read Says Organic Growth Is ₹1 Google Ads Google Ads Pe Pakka Ki  It is not true that the public tells everything, they have 70-80-90 lakh subscribers and you are the one who gets all the views. You are getting views with 138 off D.  Numbers So now I will be at peace with him and give him a second thought that you are like a sexologist, you will tell me the treatment, you will do good to the people, you will thank me, but people do not feel comfortable with you, just to tell someone that I am, they will be the first to speak.  So next to this it says you are content that if the person who has done his own and has fun will forward it to more people, then only he will read the code or he will feel that because there are so many opinions on WhatsApp, I have come to comment on this.  Like Destroy because I am the first one to comment. I have to question the parent oil. Here in India, some things are made in such a way that the question is, where is the genuine pen coming from, I am telling you in preparation and setup.  What is the difference between repair, what do parents do, I gave tuition, I gave you coaching, I gave you some courses, brother, now what else can we do, I taught you in a good school, parents are trying, you are just  Dissociate, you go, do your own thing, do your own meaning. Whose parents are standing intellectually, emotionally, financially, everyone is standing, I am not doing it financially. These bands do it for the children, but they do not do it financially. This will also not be enough, because financially you have to be clear that if you are giving 5-10 lakhs to the child in coaching and then taking it off, he will have so much trouble in college. But I am sending 15-20 lakhs, you don't guarantee a job of ₹ 50000, why are you wasting your 25 lakhs, the child is yours, it can be invested in something else, he can buy something from 25 lakhs and do something like this. Don't waste money just because everyone is doing it like it oh swaha jaise woh havan hota na usne karna aahuti deni deni hai om swaha to swaha  If I have done that, then my duty will be fulfilled, brother, after killing me, now tell the child also, and you are fooling all the conscience of the Indian parents, brother, what should we do, I had this much salary, this much budget, we have spent it, now it is worth something.  No lala lali munna son daughter whatever what should we do now do n't fool yourself nobody is this impressed whom are you telling the story to whether your child becomes something or not it does n't matter in anyone's field except yours because Actually it is your future because the future is yours because if it is not ready then it will hang on you, so today you are very more about yourself, this is the fact, I am telling you everything consciously, you will accept, I do n't want to show selfishness in my eyes, I always want to show like mother's.  No, what is ours, you know, you know that if your son does not earn anything, does not eat anything, otherwise he will not go from your house, he will not leave the house, the story ahead of him will be marriage and his life.  No, it will keep moving around in the same way and if yours says that it will not stay on the chest, then they do not want it to stay on the chest, so the only worry is that it will not stay on my chest, so first understand the problem, then there is no worry about the children, there is no worry about yourself.  We will have to free ourselves from worries. Those parents who are giving such advice are taking advantage. I have a subscribed group given below, but normally when I have time and energy, I do destruction and do something for free.  I do some trees  Whatever you understand, okay tell you everything for free so that you can become rich, their children became like this because they gave free electricity and water, it does not benefit anyone for free, this is also important, but I am still debt free. I am telling you many things, a wise man, he took advantage of the free ones only, 98% of the content on this asset is free only, but tell me this concern again and again, neither the rich are worried about their children nor the poor, this is only for the middle class.  Class and middle class mother sister who is sitting at home, enough is enough madam, enough is enough, please enough, your children are very well, now you will be 39, 40-42, your children have grown up, yours is definitely so much now. No, you don't want him in those things, now you definitely have these things, life is not over, now you ca n't do it like this, we have raised him, now Munna's father will do this, we will change the Netflix channel, we will gossip on the phone, we will talk to mom. Or the saree will come from someone else, the kitty party will come, Indian ladies of middle class are responsible, but Indian GDP is not growing by more than 2%, if all this is reduced and becomes productive, then the GDP which is running on its own five takes.  Saath Pe Chalega Agar Saath Pe Chalega To Saath Pe Chalega To No Pe Chalega Only Indian Middle Class Housewives Who Are Doing Their Life After All Then They Have Worries, PCOD Happens, They Did n't Know What Was In The Body.  Don't know what is PCOD, what is the disease, the disease is an emptiness, a worry, if you think, you have done marital, you have done career, you have also done children, you have done this, you can make the whole family sit with such consultant thoughts, one child has one man.  If everyone had everything then they would say no, there is a problem with you, you should do the same, find a groom who is stupid like father, he will keep [ __ ] like a donkey and we will keep worrying about you.  It's fine, anyway, when asked to sweep the utensils, you don't do it. Brother, Kant's girls comment is just a share, why do we have to live our life, keep doing that, take the number, take this, tell her that you don't understand our pain, I want to understand your pain, your self included.  If you have pain then you will earn money. Those who give you pain will disappear. Your pain will also disappear. Meaning of many people will disappear. Diseases should disappear. Caste is PCOD. So I have seen the ghosts going away when this money comes. Please, I have a note which I  I make some videos like this, which I say again and again, the one who makes notes, only the notes are useful. Today has changed, there is no need to fight reading, you don't make notes even after reading, you have read a good book, read satsang, now.  I will tell him to make a diagram of the quadratral, tell me that quadrangle, he makes it like this and what is the meaning of it, he has done something in his life and has studied it, it seems to be proved that sitting is fine but we are not doing anything, we have to do it.  From  It happens that Swami Ramdev ji says, I too do Bharti tomorrow, I was very happy after seeing him for 15-20 minutes, okay, then I went, met the ashram etc. and then got released that it is not possible to see, I will have to do it, it is very good to see.  It seems okay, I mean, if you don't feel hungry in your body then it is okay then you have to do exercise, you should not watch street videos with food, you will not feel hungry after watching this because you are not feeling hungry because that activity inside you is not going well.  If you do exercise then you will sleep on time, eat and drink, that means sorry, if you will keep everything in order then the book will open automatically but you will not feel hungry, I am watching the video, I am getting motivated, this is not food, it is not done like this, it is done by doing, Ramdev  Yes, they also say that things happen by doing, nothing happens without doing, okay, so please women with folded hands, who brought you out of the country? There was a very popular hit video of mine, N Ghar Ke Inside Villain (Who is the villain), go and watch it in which I told that there is no breath. Father-in-law is a villain, so today I told that I will not call him a villain in worrying about children, but it has a role in worrying about children. It comes from a lady and a housewife, who does not do less, whose wives, you see this, worry more between husband and wife.  She worries about the future of her children because her husband is going to work and he is still working. She still has the feeling that maybe something will happen on this day. Because of her control, do the ladies who earn money work or work?  Do you earn money or are you an entrepreneur? Ask them. They are worried about their children. They don't know how to work in the world. They don't know how to make money. They are like that. My friend, he is just about to do 12th. I have to reduce this one and then do that one course from there.  I have to do a small certificate session and already I have explained it briefly, I have set aside two hours on Saturday Sunday, there is relief involved like this and in the future we will do it, right now I am not able to handle so many phones, I cannot do this much, but  Give I am waiting but we and everyone do this you are not worried, they are not worried, who is worried about the housewife and mostly the government employee because they are absolutely vain, they absolutely believe, the facilities are complete, it is fine, nothing less and nothing else. Not on the head, it's okay, I don't hold anyone, I am giving it as an example, he is a government officer, he is from Delhi, Maharashtra has a good tax rate, it is the government, I have to worry about the children, I don't want to do anything myself, I am a lady.  Till 11:00 o'clock, she was roaming around in a nightie. What does a nightie mean? How does a nightie come level and roll? This is to apply chilli. It is a relief. That's why I am telling you. If you do this, then there will be a lot of worry in your house. Big topic, you will actually have to worry a lot, not about the child, you will have to worry about yourself, this is also a message. See what the topic was, how it was taken in the best way. The content in my topic can never be captured completely because of IT.  To write this late topic, YouTube gives something, something else, I can't explain what can happen in my video, what are the possibilities, so I request you to subscribe.