Hello friends, I would like to tell you one thing about Vastu, when a person is lower middle class or has not yet become rich or people live in small houses, if you have seen then there is attachment to many things. When I look at it according to Vastu.  I am going, I understand that people keep the things in their houses, like use the word or not, they keep all the stuff like this, it is okay for a person, whoever has completed the journey in the journey of becoming rich, when they get a big house. And  When there is a place in the actual then they don't feel like keeping all that. You are seeing this difference in the mindset, when you have not reached anywhere in life, then you have those recognition certificates, trophies, those memories of childhood, people keep report cards.  Unbeknownst to you, people keep many things as per their memories, then they also keep the memories of their children and then they are busy in real estate, then they also work hard in life, then they go ahead and then their eyes open, then they realize in life. That friend, you should have left all this missing, so if today it is not necessary for you to become rich after 15 years in life because most of the my subscribers, I have triggered people on that path, if you are my subscriber and now  You have been watching me, listening to me for many days, understanding me, since last six months, minimum is okay and if you have not walked on this path, then I have fielded you as a teacher. You have walked on this path till now, I feel like this.  It seems but you will release after 10 years, so today itself I am getting you to throw away all the useless stuff in your house which is not beautiful, not functional, let me explain again that any thing will happen in life, there are two things behind it.  There are also things like now if you pick up a pen then this pen is good, then the pen has functionality and quality, you have to pay attention to both the things, buy less things, buy high quality, buy functional, forcefully buy that.  Chinese cheap goods which are available anywhere in the market, now this festive season will come, neither give to anyone nor take from anyone, give something by force in which you know it is plastic, Rahu remains there, don't increase, people in the house.  There is so much of plastic used, that is, they do not just throw it away, they keep washing it, they keep applying it, someday it will come in handy, plastic will come in handy, anyway, plastic is not a good thing for Mother Earth. Do not acumen, people do not sleep at night.  Is it okay to activate the 12th house? If you say that you have kept electronic items which are not working, old watches and chargers, then I get them like this, they are not thrown away, old mobiles are not thrown away, you are using the charger which is working for you. By all means, whatever you can't do, one day maybe I will get it fixed, one day this mobile will be fixed, one day that will be fixed, one day this watch will be fixed, one day any of these systems, old, technological things, which are not even relevant.  is like time  There is a music system or something that keeps changing, people have also kept it, and one of their favorite things is a rooftop or two rooftops or a store, so as a rule, there should not be a store in the house, people say no, that was the first habit of Indians. In our country, if you are extremely poor, then it is a different matter, otherwise if you are middle class, which is my audience, basically the same, a little temperature controlled environment. Start living in India, yes it will cost ₹ 1 per year in electricity, but you will not need that much in your house. If you use the things you have collected and are sitting in that ratio, then you are sitting in a foreign country in minus temperatures. I don't know what.  Keep it inside your house, then their houses, I don't know what size they become, you go to Manhattan, go to US, go to New York, go here and there, hey, that 300 carpet area, 200 carpets, 250 carpets.  400, 600, 500 carpets are just this, but what is that for us right now, we have space to put all this garbage, our square feet rates have become so expensive, so all these things are also there, I am doing a Vaastu in detail. Which will be with your horoscope, it will be Astro Vaastu, there will be a workshop on Sunday from 11 am to 1 pm, you can join for that, I have decided the fee, it will be in two digits i.e.  It will be less than ₹ 1. It will be less than ₹ 1. Okay, so make the fee so low so that more people can join. The fee has been made so that more people can join and also have faith because even if you pay less than ₹ 1, it is the type of parking fee of the mall.  If you also give it then yes you will come and on top of that you will get the recording and then to upload that recording you have to become that person somewhere otherwise how will the nugget go to the app then it is necessary to keep the fee so that you can access the recording.  Don't worry if you can  Miss this Learn Learn Things How your planet, your own horoscope will affect your Vastu of the house and those Vastu defects, how can you do some realization, because every person's life is different, people say no, everyone's Vastu is the same, not everyone has the same.  A flat in a building means there is one flat above the other in the society. Everyone's life plays out differently. Even in a house, you shift to a new house. There is some difference among the three members of the family.  It doesn't affect, it makes a good difference on one side, but there is a problem on the other, why does it happen, how does it happen, because how is it connected to your horoscope, that too, we will explain it to you very well, on Sunday from 11 o'clock to 1 o'clock. Don't miss it on the number given below, you can write V beyond the number given below and you will know about its registration. Don't miss this and the fee is 99. Let's make it right now. I made it, less than Rs. 99 fee decided, ok please come in less than two hours, understand well, make notes and check whether things are going on normally or not, standard standard Vaastu will not work, Vaastu is specific, just like they say, a ready made food.  If a person eats outside, nothing happens to him because his immunity system is different and if someone else eats it, his stomach will get upset. Everyone has a different system. For some, this jowar roti is fine, for some, ragi roti is good.  Now it's a small thing, I am going to teach you these things and understand that you should not use multi grain flour. Hey why should you not use everything from me because everyone's digestion system is different.  It is different whenever you use it, eat it separately, eat jowar separately, eat ragi separately, the digestive system gets confused, if you put wheat in the stomach, then there is a brain in the stomach that says it is wheat, this is how I recognized it.  Ragi has recognized me in this way, Jowar has recognized me in this way, Maize has recognized me in this way, all systems digest everything, but when you mix things, the timing of all of them is different, then which one has to be extracted and how much juice.  You get confused about what to do but no one will tell you this. It is a basic matter of basic IQ. There is no need to be a doctor in this. There is no need to do much research in this. Only after telling this, everyone is getting logic.  You should eat different types of food, but you should not eat them all mixed at one time, then it just becomes fat. Multi grain bread, multi grain flour, multi grain this, multi that. You understand what I am saying, it is like this.  Will not tell, will only tell about Vaastu, but I have come up with some good thing, it is important to tell it immediately, subscribe the channel through video, not done yet, Hope to see maximum of you on Sunday, utilize your Sunday.  11 to 1:00 pm is very good, you will get to learn something new, you will get to know new aspects, you will get to see new aspects, and relaxation is better than wasting time, people say that no, we need relaxation on Sunday, which one will give you IIT exam?  After this, go and take your test by memorization, you will get the recording, make your notes, memorize them forever and tell them to the people closest to you, or if you become a consultant tomorrow, tell them to the clients, take money and tell them for free.  I tell you what you want to tell, tell me, you will become an interesting person, at least you become an interesting person, this is how you become a friend, people don't talk to me, people say no, elders these days say don't talk to us, you talk, do you have a talk?  There should be some value to do, there should be a good cool thing to tell, so now you gain it. If there is anyone in that, Anybody 202 70 80 Anybody is welcome. Every buddy is welcome.  Because it affects everyone, it affects everyone, moods, life, health, wealth, all effects, hope to see maximum of you, thank you very much.