That Hello friends, the latest video of Welcome to Naukri series has been made earlier also. Please go to the play list and watch my Naukri series. Are you enjoying my Naukri series? How much are you enjoying? Please tell in the comment section and accordingly I will keep making further videos.  Today's topic of mine is what employees and employees need to know about 10 top management and senior officials. This is very important and why you need to know.  Less hard work why you need to be easy list, which is called sycophancy, I won't say it but I mean, why should you relax a bit and do your job? We are taught a lot in India that it is always okay to work, work out and comes with bane's class oil.  60 job lenge is empire tranche leaf tennis this world and office work and witnesses but will not work hard first before that study hot then work that then ko bol data party a this hot and apni Remove it from life otherwise there is pain in hot mom. Haryanvi, please tell what is that hard. Those who understand heart, what is hot is related to the famous will be know this and will be written in the comment section, then you can see that it is hard.  What does it mean? Okay, so Haryanvi lip service is okay, so you don't have to work with great force, that the owner of the company has done the job with great force, once he has done the work, now he is also relaxed. Your stock options will never go out of the country. The blood of the children is being sucked inside this top culture. And all the children of 22 to 30 years of age should change jobs immediately. No one tells them this. China has to learn to stay in one job quickly.  One should enjoy quickly and completely. This will always be taught to every employee. Lemon is very loyal to them, not yours, hold on to one miss, do not become possible, one that causes trouble, one that gives progress.  Do n't change much at the age of 3545. You can change a lot at the age of 2233. And if you do n't change at that age, when you don't have to change schools, don't worry about changing hair, do n't carry two bags anywhere, then when will you change?  You will lose experience by changing jobs. Many people will say no. If you change jobs a lot in the market, then in your CV, the recruiter will think that if you are not oil then you will be electricity.  All this falling is nonsense, I am telling you the latest one, I am telling you about 2022, it must have been stolen in 2017 1615, not only today's stars have choice, but they also have it and it will take 2 minutes to unfollow you, do n't think so much about them, as is the situation.  Something went wrong and it was time to take something out. No matter how well you did the work, now you will not weave stones but you are teaching the art of this Rampuri hunter.  People are telling this wrong thing, it will seem that the senior people have to fool the people below them and get them to do the work. Today I will tell you such a big secret, one thing is in front of you but you might have never thought that I am telling you in this.  If you enjoy then clapping, Baba, do something, write something good in the comment section below, a word to word line or an emoji, there was something that I liked and said, like this too. If you like the video too, then you will understand. Listen carefully. A person who is not a job.  want to do  He does not want to be a servant or to be under anyone's control, he goes towards the enter panel. 6 After doing a job for 20 years, he goes to the beginning. 6 After 10 years, as the music plays daily, then now he forms a company instead of chanting.  He establishes his own system and when he reaches a senior position, he makes it clear to everyone that he is not a mere servant to him and works diligently as much as he does for his company. There is no need to do as many senior positions as he does.  I am the people, understand that your station is simple, don't expect juniors to do the same work and juniors, you should also understand that if you want to progress in life, then I have squeezed out all my juice for that Bishop who is sitting with this government position.  Those ideas are his stake in the government job, he will move to a different position, he will get a bigger bungalow, he will get a car, he will get a show, he will get clippings, he will get raw taste, spoken, nice, good boss, he is the worst, he will suck you so much.  You wo n't even notice it in the bad one, still you get a little relaxed and see for yourself, it is bad manners not to work too much for this, but it is just development. Many people say that we work for respect, but work is not for respect.  If you don't have salary for two months then find out, work, set up house, school fees, house rent, electricity bill, petrol in the car, respect is not given. Money is needed by the new generation or those who are in it in 2030.  I am early, I want to give them a free gift, I am not saying anywhere, leave the job, you have to do the job, but the amount of work you are doing will get me fired, don't do it, he will get fired and there are many people who want more jobs.  You are getting one small one at this rate only, you are going to buy four but you will get the Naik without it, get the same amount of sugarcane taken out for you at this rate and the enthusiasm turned out to be as much as Rudra and Bea sponge, every time learn what is going on with the vendor, where is the money, how is it  Earning is done where is the plastic supply chain, where can you do your own work and don't get the job from China in Sector-15. It's okay but changing the system. If the head of this DSC type was engaged in these banks, then Mutual  Fund stock market, this is shayri.com, which is brokerage houses or insurance, keep changing this or this, but stay in the fans, do not change the sector, whatever sector Neetu catches.  If you change the sector, then you will get domain knowledge, otherwise you will pass the time like this, then you may get a job, but the meaning is your learning, so choose the sector well from your side, choose any sector, master Manoj of that and its nuances.  Get hold of this company, where does this money come from? What is this game of love? So, I am not saying that you should earn Rs 2000-5000 in the same company. You will become worth 2000 crores but you will spread this airtel idea here, I am instigating a lot, am I telling this society wrong, those who feel the same please write in the comment section and open to criticism is also fine because I am of the feeling that  No, my feeling is that today Indians have created a situation where everybody can do whatever they want and this is what classical Hamara Bol has said.  That only this work has to be done, even if you have to do it very vigorously, do n't delay for some time in doing your work, but save your energy in the job. Whatever energy is left, now use that remaining energy in drinking alcohol in parties, hanging out with friends, girlfriend boyfriend.  You will do your best, even then not the day after tomorrow, you were nowhere, you got the top in the job, and if you don't have anything else, then who notes the job, always remember all these words, don't say job every day, India is India, say job.  And call yourself a servant and call yourself a servant and also understand that a servant is a servant that he becomes such a big servant, be it a government servant or a private servant, a servant is a servant, one should not celebrate the job like we do in normal life, it does not mean that it is a big thing.  It is important to breathe, it is important to exercise, it is important to eat food, it is important to maintain relationships, similarly, job is also important, but there is nothing to celebrate in this, because the person who will go from job to the path of ignorance, there will be happiness. Sushma's blood in the job and then went to Bangkok for 5 days, got a trip to England or Malaysia, Singapore and this or any other, if not, it is a leave company, then he turned it around and then gave incentive Employee of the Year, gave a fan answer  Gave clippings, gave something like this, in their affair it is said that carrot and hang this carrot in front of the donkey and he keeps walking, keeps walking, so Papa always keeps moving in front, keeps moving and like this Kartar Kaur keeps moving and moving.  lives That story has to be made. We should know that what has happened to us is that we are being used, we are being misused because of this disease. If you are being misused due to compulsion or due to any issue, as long as you know that I am getting misused in these situations, your shoulder top is the cutoff, you too, I will misuse you till this much, I will do it here when you get relief, I am not saying this to humiliate any employed person, but every time you bye.  Lord, useless thinking salary in Christ, I see you and you are going into the pit, your daughters are increasing more and the cut off is simple, if you are 45 years of age, if you have got a job in a truck this year, whatever will be done earlier, then the balance is with the one who has it.  It was 417, whose age was 25, so it is 45 years. Whatever it is, it is 20 years earlier and even after 45 years, if you are in the job program, then please, you are very average.  You are going towards living life and then you should not consider yourself successful in this. Many people will say that you have power at the top position, I am being promoted, you should have reached the top position, you have the right food for the top position and the way you are there.  You don't know that thing that has reached because the one who has reached doesn't tell that there is no use, reading it is it is that is that is, he will reach the top, now he will tell, then the people below heard that he will extract their juice, they will get this  Have to show that look, I have reached, I have done it like this, Stories, It is the Law of Just Problem Solved, Nothing Great, I have told this before also, this is a small thing, a little different people know why it is like this, so Papa told the Sangh.  To subscribe, it is the people from above, it is the management people or the seniors who are above you, they bite and fool you, just understand this, I have to give my good wishes to you too, even my sweat. Give a little, don't go towards blood that you will definitely give the feeling that if you knead us, I will give my life but it is better not to give it to you because one will go and then the other will ask again and that cycle will keep repeating and you feel like this.  He will remain in gaining something Now I will get some time Will get nothing Inside the job The forward This servant If you add your husbands or have to take leave to meet wives or children Take mom to the hospital to get some work done  Of  I need a break from someone to get the household work done. It's very very heroine. My friend was upset. Further in the job, you will release after a particular time. You will get the feeling but I want you. You cannot be alone most of the time when someone.  Also can you this new app is slavery 222 key and realization also not earlier when it was black and white and that system you know celebrity was in it  That's why he knew that I was affectionate, he knew about the warning level, I was a body and I don't know whether I would get freedom or 21 part, I didn't even realize it, so whenever you take a job, it is necessary for your children to do a job and told him about life. Knows about traction, man himself stands on his own feet, earns his money, he learns things, so that nobody gets a job, am not saying that all its useless thing and notice that there should be a cutoff of that thing, which  Get married in 10 years, if you get very good five then you have missed 20 on every bat and from the cutoff time, there is a holiday in your life and there is a match for us, so you set 34k for her, if you become then it is okay, as soon as the one who left his life Achieved the night match last year, Britain is becoming a dollar and remains towards Ajmer, this is the concept, I told it earlier in those videos, I will convince in the future also, my request is please comment on this, this thing, this one.  How did you like the video? How do you like this series? I have already covered a lot of time in this. I am giving you hints to gradually take you from job to freedom. There is no magic pot in any one 10 minute or 15 minute video.  Can be fed, first is the feeling that from here there is unconquerable water, until that feeling is there, who had the feeling when India became independent, that is why America fought and that man, whatever, I will tell you all the stories, it is okay that it went on for so many years.  It is okay to realize things, there is no realization, some everything seems to be fine because everyone is like this, so in that country, when we were not free, we were slaves of the British, then many people used to get slapped and heard for talking like this.  Like Dad, they came out with all the flags uprooted and marched along. Whatever Gandhi ji said about our great history of freedom struggle, not everyone did it, but only those who felt supported used to do it, that is why this thing is very important.  This clear ad, if we take the country forward, to take it to a very good level, then we should realize that yes job is ok but it is not something great, no direct job is not something ready, fast nine knot celebration, everyone becomes general secretary by force.  There is no need to celebrate anything in these big companies of foreign countries, the owner is someone else, it is okay and the servant is a big servant, a small servant is a servant, opportunity rabbit.  Actually Celebrate It's True Indians don't know why today they feel that growing up and becoming a human being is a great achievement, it is not in English, according to me, according to you, it is not, please write in the comment section where is it?