Are boys and girls equal because they are always changing, there is no difference between boys and girls, boys and girls are equal, for us they are equal. Hello friends, today's topic is going to be interesting, first of all I will tell you the answer from my side, okay. Are boys and girls the same as boys and girls, these days it is not at all modern and this video will mostly address the girl 's parents, those who are boys are all boys, take a look, you will get some perspective because  Will your boy also get married someday or will you get married? You will get perspective from someone but I will tell you according to the girl's parents, I will tell you according to her mind set, I will tell you according to her orientation, I will tell you what's wrong. First of all, boy or girl.  A boy is not equal to a girl, there is a difference as to who is better, in everything I keep adding cashew katli is good, fig barfi is good, gulab jamun is good, rasgulla is good, both are good, eat whatever food you want.  But in this, the boy is good, the girl is fighting for the good, the boy and the girl are not equal, there is no difference, the day we learned it, understood that this will not go on, I want to explain something now, if some people get distracted then take a deep breath and be pragmatic.  It is okay to take a list, I am addressing the parents of girls who have only daughters, those who have boys also should enjoy a little, it is okay, but those who have only one girl child, those who have two daughters, according to their perspective.  I am telling that it is very important for the society to see this perspective that it is capsfective in terms of investment, it has capacity in terms of marriage and what effect does this thinking have on the girl. What is the effect on the society of reading the effect of girl.  One has to think that the first thing is that I am very dead against one thing, you tell me, whose daughters call their fathers, I call them sons, Neha is not a son but a son, my acquaintance, government, kinship consultation, those who meet.  Come, where is it okay in the function, that meaning, do it like this, take any name, Anita, son is not good, son is not good, father-in-law too, daughter-in-law is also a son, why don't you speak the correct word, daughter, why don't you speak, why are you changing the gender?  It is a very big mentality, it is a small thing, but after today, you start checking yourself that I am saying this right is not equal, first of all, son and daughter are not equal, son and daughter are not equal, do not make them equal at all. me and society  Actually, what you say is not important, what you do is important, this is not important, the property will go to him because the boy will see us, the girl will get married somewhere else in the morning, it will be his, if he gets the property there, then we will give it to our boy only and  On this, wearing so many clothes, he made me a video wearing half the clothes, a very knowledgeable man, actually, why don't you adopt someone and become someone with little money, grow a little beard, then no matter how stupid you are.  If you can talk, then you will not get much trouble because you will make a little sound, you become religious type, it is okay and you cannot attack him because he forwards those things with religion in such big WhatsApp in which  The logic being given is that the son will look after us, the son will look after us, the daughter-in-law will look after us and how can we give profit property to the daughter, she will live in someone else's house, that is why the condition of daughters is so bad in their in-laws' house.  You don't get anything from the property, otherwise it will go to the son. Son, that is, since when has the husband become the wife's wife? Which wife gives him nothing? Because you are treating your daughters like this, that is why they go and leave their in-laws' house. Father, tell your daughter in the beginning that the daughter is this property and her son will also get this, you will get this only in the society, she lives widely and then there she gets the strength that this property will go to me, my father, me. giving and this is mine  Security and I am not going to depend on you. What do you say? What do the girls say? Those who have a boy and those who have a girl alone, I will also tell their story. I will also address the single boy and the girl because I have to address. In this, both the boy and the girl and the girl and the girl.  I will tell you according to the calculation, boy or girl, brother or girl, how much will be the expense of your hospital. If you have a property worth Rs 10 crore and your son has spent Rs 1 crore on your body or he too is gone, then after cutting the expenses, give him Rs 4:30 crore. What is this?  That he will not get anything because this is a very risky investment, come into a big family, have a daughter-in-law, keep serving your sick husband, father, don't give anything to the girl, and in the second case, what if the boy turns out to be worthless? The boy is not educated.  Your girl was beautiful or educated or polite or lucky. Choose any combination of these. She will be married in a rich and good family. It is logical that she has gone to such a good family. She has such a good house.  I live in a house, I have got such a nice car, our lovely child, our little boy, this is ours, if nothing else, this is ours, we will not give him anything, we will give him this, this is a wrong thinking, this is a wrong thinking, every person has rules and regulations in his life.  I am not telling you to impose, the rules of your Hindu antibiotic family are the legal position, there is a new act, this is the law, you know, according to the law of the boy and the girl, if the girl asks for property, then she is not cultured, first of all girls.  anything also  You are a fool, if you live with your parents, you are not getting any property anyway, then go somewhere like this, give us your share and give us which share, which one you have earned, that is also bad manners, you will get it while you are alive, I mean, do you have to program? Parents are sitting with the parents, you can ask for some help. Firstly, what does the society have to do? First of all, do not spend too much in your daughter's marriage and even if you spend a little, you can get Rs. 20 lakhs from the net in the boy's marriage.  I planted it for my daughter  If you invested ₹ 60000 in marriage, then only 40 was extra, so now you will not give him the property for 40, the first thing he wrote was that 40 was extra, it is okay, if you fit the calculation by giving HD of 25% to 40, then don't do this.  No, when you say with your mouth that boys and girls are equal, then show it in reality, no where are they equal, brother, no one is equal, whom are you fooling then say with your mouth, no, they are not equal.  Speak simply, brother, our thinking is clear, a boy and a girl are not equal, a girl will not get anything, a girl will get only love, a girl will get only dry love from her brother in her parents' home or else she will have a bhaatbhut, which in North India is known as 'Utte Mama', which is oh. Uncle will go and sit, it will be left by him, it will be nephew's, he will stand up, then take something, we will stand, okay, I will give something, 5000 K R 1521 52, whoever will give you something, oh brother.  Brother, we only need relationships, why are the girls so guilty? Friend, you guys should speak in all this, you should speak, sorry, okay, you guys are right, add to the society, everyone should even think about subscribing.  So, okay, that sister-in-law will separate, I did not take anything in my house, you do not take anything in your house, one's village is Mangolpuri, one's village is in Hisar or that in Jind, that hockey opinion is nothing, keep yours from there. Property  The rent of every shop here is so high, the society does n't realize that I won't go there much, I will become very political and whip-reader, but I am giving a hint, but badhaaoge dam badhaaoge subscribe girl anytime she comes to the house.  Don't give Rs. 250. You give it to a boy. Just like don't give anything, don't ever give it to any child. Take this toffee, take these chocolates, take this. It means the whole field is being harvested where it means he will get Rs 50,000. He will not face obstacles, take the roti, son, take the paratha, take that, there are 100 buffaloes, but we will stop ghee. If you are giving out of love, then it is okay, give it, there is no problem, but do not mentally calculate that we had given him ghee when  She also came, gave me two suits, we gave this to her, we are cleared to leave her, she is equal to the girls, she also loves the boys very much from inside, it is not like that, but she has been forgiven in the system, how interesting is it to read with me. I told you earlier also, I am telling you even today and I came from Haryana, I came from Rohtak, a very rich family, a very affluent family, consultation, a little dispute in the family, both the boy and girl should get married, Rakhi boy's English speaking, good corporate wife, daughter-in-law, his queen.  And they had a daughter and the daughter had a son and a son, this was the combination, so here the mother-in-law was saying that she will steal the property and it will not be her father's and I will not be social.  Be it a scientist's take, a reformer's take, or a counselor's take, be it an astrologer or whatever the family says, it is okay, I do all these roles well, I am okay, so what was the point in it, I convinced them, happiness became theirs, the girl should not go, say this. If my daughter should not go, then she who is my daughter-in-law, she does not do the other thing, she used to say that it is done, mother, now we can raise a daughter, we would have said nicely when my daughter will not go. his daughter  When only his daughter is going to go and there is no son available, then why won't my daughter go? Now tell me, what will the society do? This boy does what a boy does, if the boy will have only girls, then tell me brother, society, tell me, this does not happen. You have a boy, you have a girl, the girl has a son, there will be a daughter, whatever the system is, the boy's daughter will be a daughter, now what will you do, where will you go, where will you go, I will give it to my daughter so that she can serve me, reverse.  Make a case again friend, shout at me  I don't want it, I should say it with love, where have you got this system from, then you won't be seen, both will be seen, if both are given to each other, then it is not the duty of both, brother, if you don't sell then live in your small life and kill your duty, then it's just because of you. You do not do reverse notegage with the bank, you do reverse notegage with the boy and very probably it waits for you, like when the Buddha wakes up, when the intellect wakes up, just like the bank also waits, you reverse it every month, here they have to spend some money for the service.  and his and others  If you ask which walk will the children do, if they don't do it, then who will do it? I say, the doctor will do it, the nurse will do it, the attendant will do it, the neighbor will do it, and you have a son and a daughter, those who live nearby will also do it. How much service do you have to do in 365 days? For whom have you done 365 * 24 * 7?  Have time, who has time, once more there will be a boy too, he will do the setting, what service is anyone's, why are you worried, service in 58 years, service will be done in 62, service to everyone will also be less, see  People become so old that the time for parents to serve their children is coming and their children are not going to serve them. Today's children do n't know whether they will serve, but the one being born now in 2022 will serve so much, girl.  Search is talking, what to do after getting married, should they serve you? The old cultured people would have disappeared, they would not have served you like before, your money will serve you, friend, your money will serve you, a little boy will do it, a little girl will do it, this property will be used as leverage. This is how it is done, one does not get along with the daughter-in-law, many times I have seen the opposite, the son is the slave of the daughter-in-law, the daughter-in-law does not say Namaste, it is not us, it is the daughter, that too should always be wrong, it should be 50, if there are two, both are irresponsible, both are girls, both are boys, both are boys.  The girl is irrelevant of their individual status in life, someone is poor and rich, it has nothing to do with you, both of you are equal and if they love each other then they will say that my protest is fine, you keep it, it is a culture that you bring up your children in this way.  Have you given chocolate etc., one person had more, one already had chocolate, then the next one gave him his share of chocolate, do not reduce it by saying that you have chocolate already, it is visible that he did not eat the last one.  It was okay, so now I will give it to him, hey, he is spendthrift, he is an idiot, he is an idiot, or his fate is mad, you, you, if you don't follow your dharma, we will have to come back to do 50, which song will we have to come back to this world again because We will not get salvation again. Those who follow Sanatan Dharma and understand all this and in other religions also there is word 'Liberation', ' Celebration' or 'Whatever' is fine, we will not get it. Brother, if you go on doing such scandals and are doing it, parents are doing left and right out of their greed.  There is nothing against selfish parents in India, you cannot speak against them in India, you cannot say anything against farmers and you cannot say anything against parents and against whom you cannot speak, only those people can rise up, sir.  It keeps spreading, I am not saying this to disrespect, but I am saying this, this is bitterness, this is the topic, Jesus is just fun, is it not, first tell me for discussion, many brothers speak like this but I will see.  So, I am serving him because she is his wife, she has no taste, I am serving her because I don't know when I will get something, brother, he is not related to any daughter-in-law, any father-in-law, and no one is giving anything, seeing this.  will go one day  We will be Kamya one day, we have to go to cyber now, we need a bigger car, Note 3, we have to send our child to a good school, it is okay to do less like this, but you tell us, if a program is going on, then think about these things, daughter is rude, steel you give a date.  Child 50%, this is the father and not him, doing that, this is so natural, it is less natural to give rights to the child, who does not listen to you, whose wife does not say Namaste because of reason.  What will you say, if I give it to him, then this other person will say that I am a bawdy, he is ill-mannered and I am a tamizdar. My wife gives tea, she does not, and if you plan to divide both of them in half.  If it is so, then we too don't do your greed, so who should be my father, you should also do the same, I am greedy, by speaking your words, I am going to face a lot of troubles because the society has trained the children in such a way.  If you can't speak then you don't have to do anything to become a father. You know that it doesn't take that much effort to become a father. It is a physical process to become a man. There is a lot of trouble in becoming a man, but the Father is very difficult. Only then can a father be called the Supreme Father, who is a father.  Father is also destiny, father is destiny, I will teach it to the platinum people sometime, I am teaching it a little differently, it will be deeper, they will not understand, but I hope you understand, one has to go through knowledge and one has to go through religion only, and people will spoil their lives.  We do  You will be able to make many people bitter, there is a lot of trouble going on, if your father is listening and you are still doing this wrong thing, then you have to correct it, you have to call him a spoiled child and this, you don't listen to me, you don't respect me.  You give me the same love, my friend, you love me so much and he gives me the same love, you are equal, you are my daughter, you are my son, you are equal, not for words, put it on paper, 50  -50 if to do so  If there is power in the society, then all this system will be set, then she will not speak like brother or daughter-in-law, mother-in-law will become father-in-law, everyone will be set, everything will become normal. Han, tell me, I hope, I liked the video, I enjoyed it, don't watch me with tension.  In the beginning I should have said that you know, watch the video without stress, watch it in a relaxed manner and if you do not agree with my words or do not think it is right, then still smile. Tell me, am I crazy by talking to you?  Write to me that my wife is crazy and those who enjoyed it are MSG. Today, I am taking feedback from you guys. Write to me as an image. Write to me who enjoyed talking about these things and this is librating. This video is not a crore girl, this is a video.  Do not be a boy, this video is not anti-parents, it is to bring happiness, peace, progress in life, to take you on its path, to give you clarity, to give you a new perspective, if you watch this and everyone will start doing it. Go because it belongs to the people, we will give it to our daughter, but my daughter-in-law doesn't get it, doesn't get it, you reduce your rights, you don't get it, you don't get it, it's okay, whatever is your religion, it's okay, once in a lot, people start doing.  D right thing, then remove the girls from this heart, what would they say, even if they ask or ask, how did you ask, you have killed for us, I had to make a video like this, I saw ahead, these people sent it to me on Facebook. But it's showing brother  You have done a lot of wrong, brother and daughter, you have asked for it like this, there is no need to ask for it, you should not read that you will get it as long as the right time comes, but I will also tell you what is the right time, how do you have to give, parents or the last breath.  You keep sitting till you do n't need everything, you can start giving a little bit, just like you remove the clothes from the house, you do n't need everything, when you start living, then you are lighter and you have a mechanism in that too. your method is very nice  There is no fun in leaving one's hand, nor is it that people are insecure in being left behind. I will also tell you that people will say brother, I will leave. Samjhaunga, children are very lovely. The next generation has achieved a lot. Understand that the new children who are on your time.  There are 100 troubles in marriage. If children are not born from them then they would not grow up. Hey, nature is taking it forward, isn't it right? So please share, like the video, subscribe, enjoy and have fun. Comment If you want to write something in hit, then write. If you want to write something in love, then write only me. If you want to write something then write and how did you like it. Do engagement. It is okay, it is only through engagement that the creator knows whether I am hiding your life.  Am I making that video and that content which is relevant to you, are you enjoying it? Okay, it depends on you, rich class, middle class, normal class, pure class, that story is a little different.  It's okay but she is Indian, she is definitely playing out in everyone's life, thank you.