Hello friends, are you selfish? Selfish is a word that is used a lot. You too must be using it. It must be used on you too. It means that you too might be calling someone selfish or someone might be calling you selfish, so today we will discuss the conceptual level.  A little bit you will feel that this is a higher order video, although it will seem abstract but if you understand what the poet wants to say then you will enjoy it, you will get libre, it will be relaxing and it will give you freedom.  And it will be fun, I am very noisy, so let's start. Selfish is an English word. In Hindi, we call it selfish. Selfish, selfish, selfish. So this Hindi will also be clear. English will also be clear, so let's look at it a little further.  What is Actual Selfish? In what context is it said? One person is this other person, both of them are related to this person, either they are friends, they are acquaintances, they are relatives, they are close, they are a little distant, they are also on the move.  You cannot call someone selfish, no one can call you too selfish, normally, you may basically have something to do with the athlete and if nothing else, then there will be some relation, like if you are a subscriber and watch my video, then this relation is also there, ok.  That is, I watch your videos, I feel very good, you are very nice, there is a lot of respect, he does this and that and comes like this, okay, what happens after that that the person who has some disrespect towards some person, this person has to feel respect for this person. Expectation of a thing is fine, wish is a desire and if this person does not fulfill that desire then this person calls this person selfish. Now analyze this a little more, is he living his life to his fullest or is he living his life by doing his work.  He is doing it, he does n't need anything from this, he wants it, so he approached him, if he doesn't give, then he refuses, then he will call him selfish later, second thing, he is a human being, he gives sweets to this person, hello.  He gives respect, he has not asked for it, now he is giving all these things, he takes it, just like now if someone will say hello to someone, will say hello to someone, will say 'I like you, I love you, I respect you, if you say great praise, then who will say no'  If you go and vote for a leader, if he doesn't give you love, affection or respect if you go to a film star, then now it has become selfish, so if people in your life are calling you selfish or you are calling someone selfish, then you have to  Take a pause and now reread the situation. This person needs something for himself and he wants to get it from this person. It could be a lift at 4:00 in the morning or a drop to the airport, it could be money, it could be advice.  It's okay, anything like this can happen, it's okay, it can help, brother, I need two minutes, brother, I need 30 seconds, brother, I have watched 1.5 crore of your videos, you deserve 10 crores.  They give you respect and if you want to take only three minutes, then give it, then the next person may be there, don't give it. Now Amitabh Bachchan, Shahrukh Khan has millions of fans, if he gives even one second of his time to every fan, then there will be a change in his life. Not even a minute will be left, for if he gives even one second, one second and the taker says that I have given you 10 hours, watched 100 hours of your pictures, read so many of your articles, I see everything of yours, so I don't want even a second.  See  If you are selfish, then first of all we have to understand that when a selfish person is going on happily in his life, many times what happens to this person is that the parents also tell this to the parents, parents also call their children selfish.  Many a times I explain how some work of the parents is stuck, the old parent is helpless, look, you may be old, you may be helpless, but it is not necessary to be stupid, if you know the situation, your work is 00.  It is a work of 000, it is a work of 1500 and this person who is your daughter, son, daughter-in-law, son-in-law can be anyone, beyond which you have a lot of rights, now his hour can be 200 Haj, 25000, 5 Haj can be any amount. Whatever job he is running in his life, his stake is very high, now you want his stake to save your 500 thousand and he refuses or says, take it, take this, take the driver.  Do something, do this, then you say, we don't want money, we want respect. Any person who is selfish to someone, remember that he doesn't want anything except this, this is always the route, but always through the mouth.  It will be said, no, it is not a matter of money, whenever a man says no, it is not a matter of money, it is always about money, in fact it is always about money and whoever says no, it is not like this or thinks otherwise. This is in my consultation In observation, this is my opinion in observing the society. This is an open and shut case. If you agree with this theory, then please type agree. If you disagree, then disagree and those who have enjoyed it, have enjoyed it since this year, that is, now I am enjoying.  But I have graduated, fun is fleeting, it means a lot, it is of short time, it is not English, fleeting or what does it mean for less time, enjoyment is a little stay, it lasts for more days, now this year 2024 end  Beyond I want to give joy to people Joy is like that high perfume That will last for a long time Will last for a long time It's not like it doesn't run Okay to libre ii laga to tell Next time anyone says that you are selfish then you If you can tell him what to have, you can send him this video, Nothing Like It or you can tell him by mouth, if you can't tell, then it should be clear in your mind that he needs something for his self.  It was through you for your own sake and you did not give it, so you have become selfish. Hey brother, you are selfish, you are selfish, the one who does not want anything for himself, but he is only mean for himself, when his need arises, he takes it out.  He goes and when I needed it, he did not take it out, then start charging consultation fee, start charging fee next time when he came and said, brother, give me the money, you will not get it for free, so I agreed, what does this mean? Investment is happening basically you invest like share market but you do not get return like mutual fund but sometimes what is happening is forcefully a person is repeatedly giving something to someone which he did not ask for like pickle of lemon.  Take the pickle, sir, now she may not have asked for lemon pickle, she may give the pickle given by you to her maid, but you thought that I have brought pickle, so next time I gave her pickle three times, so now I will give her some pickle.  If I ask for this, he will not refuse. This one plays a big game for us in India and are we very sad because of this. You will have to elevate yourself here brother and you will have to come and ask directly and when you ask for favors, it should be done politely.  Will be asked for and the next person, if he is grace as enough or has the time or faith or has some mood then he will do something else wise. Always seek always seek professional. It is high time that this free advice is free, hell free. Stop doing this jugaad in the morning, if this person has to go to the plane in the morning, if he doesn't wake up in the morning and go to drop him, then you don't even seem like him, why would he go for you, there is no Rola, there is no taxi, there is no jugaad.  No, is n't it, we have to help each other, this is how society works, you scratch my back like this, if you don't help then the whole world is like this, oh brother, she has chosen someone else to help, you are not there to give and take. you you its  You want to help, so if ever the need arises, it is yours to do, but the relationship this person has with someone else, please go to someone else by force, you will not get anything by calling him selfish, you understand this.  The thing is, every person is smart, every person has kept his jugaad fit, you are unnecessarily giving people and things, giving feeling which is not desired. Half of the people in India are busy in setting, they call it setting.  are and now  2024 is the year of joy and in the coming year you will never get any benefit in setting. Instead of getting your setting done by someone else, do your setting by yourself. Make your own arrangements. You will have 10 plumbers, 10 electricians. 10 doctors, 10 travel agents, 10 carpenters, 10 painters, everyone should have 10 10 numbers. Whatever can happen in life, call.  Give money, do the work and go, this jugaad is suitable, there is no need to do this, 10 numbers of ambulances, 10 numbers of everything and in your family, you should make yourself so strong that there is no selfishness etc. in husband and wife. So we will have to live for each other and in the family, we will have to see what the opportunity cost of doing the work that I am trying to get done will be and there are many elders who  For 253 years, people have come out of the job setup, they have come out of the business setup, they don't even know what is happening in the market, they feel like this even today because when they were at that age, when they had no  He used to ask, he would raise his mouth and go anywhere. Now time is at a premium. Now you cannot tell your maid, to whom you pay, to do this, the utensils are too much or this, you have become extra.  go do that  She will say madam, we have to go to the next house, we have to go to the next flat, that sir or madam will get angry, this is professionalism, I can't do it, that is selfish, you are paying him and he is your employee, even then you don't do it because everyone's time is on time premium.  It has been scheduled and jumping inside the schedule, in emergency, everyone does cutter, but are you so close to it that because every person, when this link is not available, I will make a separate video as well. Inability to say no is also a disease that if someone calls me selfish then I say no no no. You say yes to 50 people and still you are declared. In this you are not only declared selfish, you are also declared a liar.  Yes, at least no one calls a selfish man a liar, if he refuses he says brother, I can't do it, I don't feel like it, I don't go, sometimes a man does so many of his own work these days.  If you catch someone who is 25 to 45 years old, at any given point of time in his life, he has five or six pending works, some or the other given by his wife, no payment related to his own child, any item from his own office. Nothing has been collected, no work has to be done, now in this life, to think that if he takes out his time, he will not be able to do his work if he has that much time, but there are many people who are not connected to the ground.  There are those who are not able to understand all this and keep calling people selfish while coming and going, in the office, he is very selfish, in his home or anywhere else, he is very selfish, you do not have shortage of time, you are free, in fact.  You should do your work yourself because if you are busy yourself then you will understand this business, you will understand the compulsion of this business, you will understand the stress, this selfishness comes out of everyone's mouth.  I have seen the pattern that they are empty from mind as well as from time and other wise and everywhere they are saying to everyone, you do it for me, you do it for me, what are you doing for others, I am like lemon pickle and  Your wife has added lemon pickle and you have not even added it. Many people add just one pickle or something like that and they want just a little bit of multi bagger return. I am telling this as an example. given with love without any reason These are the things given by me, that's why I am saying that when you want some small things like diary, calendar, pen, some small things, big things are okay, no one will give them anyway, even if big ones are given, they are given with meaning, then these are okay.  Don't get it collected like this because he has to come back and when he returns he will ask for something which will be given to him 100 times, either you will be in a position of power, someone will ask you to do some wrong work, or will ask you to fit some jugaad which you are not. would like to do or  Then many times it happens, no, you did it for yourself, for him, why can't you do it for me? Hey brother, every person has a lifeline in every position, like Amitabh Bachchan ji has a lifeline in KBC, those two, three, four are there.  She is not 10, that person, even if he is in that position, will use the lifeline absolutely for his close ones, will use it extremely for himself, will not use it for you, will not do it even in small amounts or has brought something for him.  You are not going to be used for this and this is the opposite of the big city people of small towns, this thing is felt in small towns, if you come to a big city and do like this, then it is a bit classist, I know, okay, this is how you are, this is what you are.  I am able to understand, I hope you may find this a bit abstract, higher order thinking is definitely required, but you guys have definitely understood the thing, I hope it is okay, subscribe the channel and like, I keep coming with such things.  Am My course 'Happiness to End' is almost finished, its recording can be purchased by anyone who wants it. It is a very iconic and good course. Happiness to end can be purchased. You will find its link in the comment section. There is a lot of clarity in it. Various things have been explained in it.  From marriage to investments to relationships, all the things and why they are all connected and why they are all important, all the things are very important and all these are abstract. These are the subjects for you. Then listen to this video. If many people are calling you selfish then you are doing well. You should think that according to today's society, if you are being called selfish then you are doing well because if your mental health is good.  If you don't take care of your body, your self, first of all, no one is going to ask anyway, this is your mind and mental health. If something gets shaken in your mind, you get some mood swings, something happens, then nobody.  Going to come and help you and all the people will steal your time, energy and wisdom and consciousness little by little and after that you will be left with nothing. So this good boy syndrome is its opposite and it becomes a disease to people.  To live in the image of a good boy, we have to take all this freedom. Don't be afraid of hearing this word selfish if people throw it at you and you yourself if you You are my subscriber and you are listening and have seen the content before also, don't call anyone selfish just like that, there is someone if you feel that he used you, you are useful to him, he is not useful to you, quid bro is not there, you scratch  My back eye is not scratched, it is not like that, so brother, next time he comes, take money from him, tell me, you are not going to be of any use to me because we are shy, we do not even speak, say consultation fee, tell me.  So everyone comes to get free advice. Tell me that I have gained so much knowledge and so much wisdom in my mind and I will spend time with you. If you give this for free, then you will come every fourth day, my friend.  Will bring the song, will also cost money, then see if it comes next time or not, okay then I hope you understand the essence of this video, share it, like it, subscribe the channel and one more request which I have received many times till now.  Have n't asked for anything since days. Add two-four subscribers in your family too. By speaking, it will be beneficial. The whole family will understand and learn together. It is even better because sometimes you sit down with a lot of knowledge. If your wife is left behind then the parents will be left behind.  If the children have not understood, then your knowledge alone is of no use. You have understood, but they also have to understand so that everyone comes on the same page, only then will it be fun, otherwise if you sit alone with it, then there is no use in it, so they should be included in the family.  What I am saying is that if there are two to four subscribers in the family, whoever wants to add, please write two, if two will get added, write four, if four will get added, and write one, if only one will add, then that too, I will ask from this year that brother, the subscriber must add.  do ok thank you very much