Hello friends, this will be a slightly abstract topic but it is very important to corporate it carefully and put it in the comment area. Are you getting this feeling? Now I will tell you which feeling is it. I have to tell you guys, it is the same feeling but its variety will be a little different. Job change.  Do you have to leave the job or give up your life by not going to work? In the last few days, you have started to realize that which of you has started to happen? Please tell us in the comment area below.  It is a matter of astrology written that Ketu is going to transit, after about a month it will go inside Vargo sign, it is going to change from Libra sign, so that feeling is coming to the gym, mother, if it is like this, then they have to be stopped, not left, dead year. Don't leave a transitive job. It's just a feeling and for many people, the story of giving up must have been a feeling where they were finding strength in life. For some people, this has started only recently and You people will see it increasing in the next month in the month of October, so I am giving you a notice period of one month that this is going to happen to you but still I am not telling this thing openly on this channel right now, so why don't I give you a notice period?  There is another question, what do you want from all your subscribers and whatever they do in this exclusive Astro Channel, so I will launch a very good new channel for you all, my own channel Astro Channel, if you want that.  So write Astro Channel or yes please do, it is okay because I have seen here that my buffer system is very flooded. There are many people in this channel and it is not scientific, it is superstition, it is the definition of superstition or the one whose thought process is not understood.  You say superstition, well I will teach you very simply and easily, I am a 12 year old child and he will learn it, so if you want, then let me know, today I am leaving it with just this hint, I am just See, what I am saying is that now the detailed video of the translation will come, then if you call the channel, then it will come only on this channel. This event happens every 1 1/2 years and from 1 month before, it starts getting mental in that. D Moment Date Translate Happens after that it starts getting confirmed again. It starts from a month before. Feelings start coming for those whose Saturn is in the squares. Saturn is in the squares. Please write in the comment field Ketu.  Now when Saturn will pass over it, then it will make you more likely to leave, so if you have Saturn sitting in squares in your horoscope, if Saturn is sitting in Virgo, those who have Saturn there too, then you have started having feelings or are going to have them.  Rock them, don't take any rational decision. Never take permanent decisions based on temporary feelings. Feelings are temporary because of translation, so please tell me and this video.  Please share this with those who are going through this kind of feeling. Thank you.