Hello friends, there is no mention of any astrology related thing in the release thread from both of them, I am thinking that maybe I have got the right time, launch a full love astro channel around Diwali, only these things are there.  If you want this then I will subscribe just before watching this video then type astro if you like it and many people want that whole content because it is a buffet here, it is a buffet so they want it. So today I am going to tell you a very good thing, listen carefully, understand it, implement it, and look carefully. Yes, you are going to sit on the chair, see the chair. Yes, you are going to sit on the chair, see the chair. Your chair in the office.  There won't be any wheels below it in my office. Hey, keep that ₹ 300 plastic chair of yours which doesn't have tires. Do you want any other office bigger than yours? Or will it be an office with a very strong seat? In fact, I think I am seating.  on d I have given a cloud chair for you people in Rang Chair, okay brother, this is a solid chair, completely made of wood and there is one above the head at the back, you have seen that Modi ji also meets someone, which exact one I have taken, it is the same cut copy.  There is a little bit of paste, there is a little difference in the rest of the design, there is a difference in the clothes. In the office, I know it is okay, but you have to sit, you must have seen that the one who is your officer will sit, it is okay, but if it is your personal business, it is your personal space and you can do it.  yes then  In such a one, the support should be from the back, meaning it is solid. If the chair is solid, then you can't buy it either. Oh Shakti Bhai, please give me this plastic butter worth Rs. 300, which is the same as in the earlier chair, where it rotates in circles like this, does n't it?  He has gone here and there, he is taking you around. You understand this. Now tell me many things. Tell me the science behind it. He does not tell the story. He is me sister, spreading rum. Think like this or not, but if you want to change then change.  Try it and then see whether it is costing a lot or is it giving me personal benefit. You guys are fine to do it, but brother, try it too, friend. You have been sitting on this chair for so many days, I have been made of plastic. Sit on a poor chair which is cheaper than that because it is also not cheap as it is the one with wheels, it must have cost 1500-2000 something, the one I am using is made of plastic, not 300, give me this butter.  Sambdi bill ask you tell sir that neither to me nor actually brother also change was all that I had a little issue in my waist I think these things bill change and write in this comment field ho me off you bill attempt this is one more request  Because the video will be read for a long time, it will be read on the channel, on YouTube, in the comment area, which is my idea for a week, come after a week and then write in the comment, right Guruji, you had told me to make changes.  There was a difference after a week, it didn't make any difference, it means something must happen, brother, write it down, because it happens by doing many things, someone has to say, this will be empty like this, it will be normal, someone is saying something, someone is saying it, brother, of walnut.  Take it from him, you will feel like this, don't drink sugar, reduce anything, if he is telling you, try it, if you are doing well then it is okay, if not then don't do it because this is the worst thing I am telling you, I am telling you this in this note.  Casting Something It Gave It And  It is also not good ergonomically. Other chair which is not stable is for your waist. If you are not talking about science then my astrology and astro is over. If you are also talking about money then it will give people the idea to debate. Even if it is there, it is not right, even then it is not right. Anything where I am stable and my weight is like this, it is power, it is a chair, isn't it, it is behind, it is behind, it is behind, it is in front, it is mud, it has no support. Friend, your seat on the chair should give you such support, it should get a little back, it should be comfortable, you have to sit so scared, be very very finicky about the chair and your mattress will be made separately on the mattress. Earlier, such videos used to be a little popular. Two-three groups used to go in a month, now no one was afraid for two months to three months, so I thought I will do it, I hope you will enjoy such small videos too.  You will enjoy and if you want an exclusive channel because there is a lot to tell, sir, I am not going to tell you because of this, then the rest of the audience should not be selected, it is okay for those who are not aware of where this is written in everything, this is our education system.  It's like this, get the story written, do it for him, does that thing become better just because the story is written? In life, I believe that there is something, also something, that story can be written as per your wish, I have nothing to do with it.  There is no one who can come and tell me any book, anyone can explain it to me, I am on IT work, whatever I have told is my opinion, I have told this think, I am a Peepal tree consultant, I am telling you if it is okay then life till evening.  My Jhingalala, why not give 5 to 10 days time? Okay, change the chair and those who are just listening to me, get the change done inside your office because of your employee 's mental and physical condition.  And there will be emotional stability, it will also do good for the company. If you tell him like this, if any chair has a wheel, then the wheel chair is sitting on the wheel chair. Don't sit here in one way, even zero is not good.  It seems ok, don't sit, let's employ be stable, make it a normal chair like the one we have in school, wooden chair is not normal, replace that one with that one, nowadays even wood will be very expensive, but make it a normal chair, friend.  Remove this wheel, just remove the two-wheeler and share this thing because it will help the ghosts and the more videos you watch, the more feedback will come. No medicine has been invented, fed everyone, first fed a few people, then it got better, then fed everyone.  He said right, then there will be popular medicine, then he becomes a patient, this is how it happens, but now let's do this, neither is anyone ready to put this Indian knowledge into practice, because all this is told laughingly, why should it be made free?  If everyone is okay with me then that is also one thing because if you come here to do good then first people will say some things to you, okay then it is better then tell this to a few people but please tell this thing to me.  I really wanted to like the video. If you like my friends and comments come then I will tell you something better. It doesn't add too much fat and life gets improved by doing a little bit. So what's the problem in life. Thank you very much.