To Ajay that I want to cover Saade Sati Contact and Manglik Dosh to think of graduates in general in Astrology and tried to please tell what are the So Saade Sati what is your mood where the moon is placed in the zodiac sign which is one of the When Shani Maharaj's pattern appears in one zodiac sign left, then it is the period of Sade Sati. Shani ji one house in one house.  If we keep it in the house for two and a half years, then this is one of the points in it, this is my ascendant but this is my second one, it has gone to him, brother, brother, brother, it lasts for 7 and a half years, there are some times when people get regretful. Normally when I go, my period lasts for eight and a half years and in between I also get rally speed. Like they say, when I go out to relax for a few days, I am happy for 7 and a half years. Most of the spirit people always carry the title of negative or in the form that the bearer of your karma will hit you as if they will hit you, then at this time you will hit people with whom you had done bad things or with whom you have some old connection.  If not the first one, then how will you even have the basic Vansh? And come, those of you who are there now, without doing the recent ones, those who have gone from Sade Sati, these are the ones who are going, those who know about this thing should comment, those who don't know, they should go. Enjoy this point, whatever I am telling you is ok, let me know a little bit, ok then he will go to sleep and he will tell you how the feeling comes when an angry person is like you were sitting inside like this, sitting comfortably and relaxed, thank you to the summer workers.  Don't do it, AC was working and good TV was playing, coffee was being consumed, cold drink or juice, good clothes were there, everything was fragrant, the atmosphere was like a live story, it is not a road, when a man enters into it, money becomes like this, fans are running.  Everything else is going on fine, but it has become someone else, no, like this, when will he come, on the initial page setup, the fan slowly stops, then it becomes like, man, I am not even getting this water, I am your man.  If one goes out on the board, there is heat on the road too, so gradually the intensity increases. Come, body is relative. This means that if a rickshaw puller stays in the sun every day, nothing is going to happen in his Sade Sati. Ghrit, who is the designer in me, so if you are operating at that level then it will not make much difference to you, you live in summer, you are not rich, you are not going like and UP, you are hardworking and you are poor.  So what is there inside Sade Sati? Even a person with the best of luxury, even a rich man has to go through physical WhatsApp. The one who is going through physical will have less knowledge then the person who used to go to the office on a bicycle, now if you call his bicycle then  let him go first  The sense of loss is less and if the one who was going in BMW also goes in Alto, then it will cause a lot of trouble. You have to understand this, okay, in Sade Sati, the category grounds you, the ground will bring whatever was floating in the air here.  Whatever was the thought ground, it will make less difference to him, it will make a difference to him too, he will definitely have some similar program but this air attack was unsuccessful, it will become practical, the diet will be within seconds of this, it will be your very common thing, it will be your patience paste, patience test.  to be  Meaning, any work will be done in the third time, minimum visa is being imposed, in the third time, you will have to go to the petrol pump somewhere, you will find a long queue, any work which you used to get bogged down in by going on a phone call, will not be done by the same person.  He used to listen to you the first time, he will not do it Share on WiFi Tester This will test your patience from the boss UK When you go on the road of patient subordinates who will test your passion, then it will feel like love has been done and is  It was Ghrit but you are having Sade Sati because in your mind, as I told you about Moon and Moon, Saturn's influence on death has come, so in the beginning you will be worried that he will be completely irritable, but as time goes on, you will realize that Brother, you go to school and Sade Sati is a very good period to make you a good human being, the first two to two and a half years, if you have studied in these two and a half years.  You kept your behavior right, kept your behavior right, in the last two and a half years you got a lot of money, fame and whatever you did not get from the dam site, now you face the problem of getting it by reverse power, but many do not even get the cash, your servant. Suppose someone is doing a patience test on you and you are shouting at him, then your Saturn is getting spoiled, your sarees should come, it is okay, you are not doing your work properly, your behavior is fine, look at the moral on the time of Shani.  Morality is this film Politician's to anyway and it has to be always hi but it depends on the time when you activate it when you don't know astrology and I will talk about increasing Jupiter and Jupiter and on this, if you do the same then you will get your  The office will be fine and will start healing. You need to take Maestro, you need to go to Strauss, you need to go somewhere else and do something. Guru toh bada toh it is like you have increased your body's immunity.  If you increase your body's immunity, then diseases will not come, if they come then go to the village quickly because if your body's immunity goes down, in the same way you wake up even a yoga guru with a reminder, if anything comes, you will be able to handle it.  12th Part At this time Sade Sati Support Something Witch Zodiac Witch You Can Avoid Latest Cover Your Account Bypass Chintu Pandey Ko Over It Good-Good Ko Giloy Record BJP Loot Pimple Difficult Virat Kohli If you have heard then there is a lot of road then basically one who is hardworking and go in the evening at the time of night rest, three kilometers from Bhigo and do legs, this is the pattern, it will be fine only at night, Saturn, mind was good and patience, so this is the thinking  Take it that it is my work time, then start hosting the third time. If it is the first time, then call the second time as your appeal. If by mistake it will become the first time, then still very happy, my God, it happened in the first time. It is going well for me and if there are many people who are not doing the Sade Sati and the wrong things are going on like this, then seeing them there is a problem in the custom and we will have to do something about it and I will test you in which capital.  There is never a shortage of butter for me, it means that everyone's work will be done easily, but it will be only me who will be in trouble, which means that the courier will also come to my house, otherwise I will come, then it will come out and I will have to send it back again. 110 tasks have been cooked.  There are many times when there is no good war on Saade Sati, instant respect, period which will reply you, change you, transform you all the best, it will test your relationship. In Saade Sati, you get to know the status of all your relationships, so many people find it painful. Get the meeting but many people like this, if they have the mind then Guru will awaken the devotees, you too are very happy, you know eight relationships, ghee is there for every relationship.  It turns out that Sade Sati is okay, so from this side also, through it's not forget all it's very good team, everybody has to go through it's tendering process, not many things will happen but that Planet Kepler will be tipped with plants at the infection point for the road - Together you will become different from humans, Modi ji won the elections, within half a century, the Prime Minister was the right wicket, friend, the earlier deeds were coming, wasn't it?  If the person is doing it first, then Sade Sati is the space back side that everything is done twice in life, it also comes thrice, if it comes in childhood, before the age of 18 years, then the child will be irritable, it is effective to some extent, but some of the child's  If the karma is not fulfilled then will it give the results of Saturn or what punishment will it give? It is okay but it has not come, right, if Sati starts at the age of 5 and a half years, then it is less than 20 years, Malik, it continues every time.  If it is mutual in 30 years, then normally people have to bear it twice in 2030. In this, do the first lake and the stomach, the second is not a side effect, and when did the first one come, that bread, let's go in 6, I hope you got to know this thing, okay or  No one has warned that you will get a government job, but good work will be done only if it depends on how you behaved before that, then you will have to pay for it, but one thing, there will be only one good work like If you get a government job then it will be a testing job. Are you not getting the posting of your choice or are you rubbing or just rubbing? Look at the patterns, you will leave, okay to make your better 133 Bhadasi, I want to take out some time.  Manglik Dosh is there, many people consider it as a defect, okay friends, what is there in it, it has a big house, in astrology it is 12th in your horoscope, then if Mars is in your horoscope.  If it is in the ascendant, is in the second house or is in the fourth house, is it in the seventh house, is it in the eighth house, is it the twelfth house, then if you are called Manglik, then this is where you will become the pilot whale of this world with fiber toilet, then 42% of the population will get mang and end.  In South India, it is also second. Mangal friend told that according to him, in South Indian Astrology, it is fifty percent, so the first thing is asked, who should not be like that, it would mean that someone who is a hair operator would have such a disease. Follow every other person by asking, the first thing is that now you have to understand that it is from Mars, the rules which I have told, the army will fight, so now many people have to understand the quality that it is not aggressive, its energy level is fine and what happens in it, consider it as a friend. People take but Mangal is a brief responsibility.we that Mangal is Army Commander so if your wife is Manglik or your husband is Manglik List MP3 Lord of Wealth and What will be the appointment of all these things but that thing is not there.  You need the mind of Mars to enter and there is a limit of Mars within which he will take it, if he subscribes, then whether he is your husband or wife, if he is a maid, then he is a driver. These are the people working below you or even your relatives.  If you are not allowed to do it then there is a possibility of suffocation in it, but if you understand this thing, then look at it in this way, this is my wife who is also a fighter, so if her energy puts her ahead of the world, then I will attract Kunj towards me because  Whatever you asked for, but it will wake up in a year, if you love it and if you try to control it, March cannot be controlled and Rahu cannot be controlled, Rahu is the army commander, demons have a bar, gods have a bar and some have each other. Look at the ad, it is also there, so if the spouse hits you, he will give up his life for the snake and if a gardener bothers you, he will stop pinching it, but if you invite someone to rock, he is fine. Don't tell me the password, mother, I forgot to tell you one thing, I am telling everyone, bring all the boys from the marriage, you are listening, okay, your wife is not compatible with you, you are scolding while trying to make your land bigger than your mother.  So even his mother respects him a bit and doesn't make it. You have to see that both of them are born with their part and it has to be settled. Don't come between them, make your personnel separate. Most of all, pending part is the hotspot because of that.  Most of the instruction on a daily basis happens only to those nearby, they change, children move out of the house, you become distant from your parents, school teachers also become distant, people go away from you, who plays with you?  The part is fine, she is most angry with Bigg Boss because she is his biggest enemy in the previous life. Most of the programs are settled on whose daily basis, then when the husband complains about what he says, he turns away from the tower, then the bathroom is inside him. In  So if the irritation level increases on the bike then that karmic account is being settled that maybe in the previous life also he has found such methods. If you are at work then quietly dry your wife or she will fight but she will do it and then she will create fresh ones and then fresh ones too.  Once the old ones get settled, the old ones also get settled, then if you keep fighting, then accept them and keep accepting, keep doing it, then see, magic happens in 21 days, I will explain it, I will tell it to you.  Question: What is your comment on Mang Lee? Explain it again. It is in the 8th house. Yes, it is about age. It is something. Do not put it in these things. March is a very good thing and people say that get married to the demand of the matter. It is something.  That he is a fighter, he should marry other girls so that both the boys are merged, it is not necessary, people used to say that the girl is old according to the old time, only then I am in today's modern time, that thing is not applicable to astrology.  That they will not have to be replied to your room decoration, the quote starts according to the country, period, character, this is applicable in India, not applicable in events, like earlier it was said that the twelfth house is for four, then if it is situated on it then it is sitting on it.  It was believed that if the boy runs away from you, then if you die and will not be able to burn back, you will get an option, then it became just one but. Even today, people come within 6-7 hours of half an hour from the form, just change the time, but today people are eager to go to Facebook for the country, okay, return to things, in the same way earlier they used to say that the woman who is auspicious, should  You will have to control it because it is very forward and aggressive and if it is controlled by beating then you should also be Manglik, so it was like this, it was not qualified and it was just hills.  Will remain so and all the pundits who are present today and the pundits who hold to use astrologer during this time should say best birthday, then whoever tells this, then tell only his education, they do not install two notches printer, also install 2022 counter.  If the TV belongs to your ancestors, you will go to jail, brother, okay, crime will be committed, fit it two years ago this year, Kohli was not there and Rs 85000 f30c is available in India.  If it is scientific then we will ask for it, if you adjust it like this then it does not happen before this, just now you can have the energy that this Lalla good scene thing, it is not considered bad for a good man to be demanding, I had thought about it, further you  He gets angry and when people have problem in taking part then it is that if women are also there in every 42% but it depends on seventh house, firstly it is pet percentage, seventh house was asked meaning.  You will get angry on the spout, okay, or on the world, the seventh house belongs to the mask, meaning the world, WhatsApp and belongs to the 100, okay, then the points on it, then the spots, if you saw it once on TV, there was a woman who had to kill the policeman.  She was getting ready and was saying something to her husband. From here, please you Manglik Girls Will Be, the Superintendent of Police reached her husband, keep her set, if the husband has that idea with such women today.  Isn't this woman his meaning she will become his SPG, okay and if it takes time to start it then still people need to know that my wife will give up her life given adjectives like don't want spots and know for you.  If you give it to others and destroy others, then your fans may get spoiled, but it will take the job of hormones, mother gave it to you and then you will say, hey, you took my mother, she took the world, the world should be like this, brother, that's it.  I will start the program like this, if you suppress it, then the umpire will strike pack inter. You both were mother and son, then you will say, hey, by making auspicious remarks, why am I suppressing her, you can't say this to her, you are the daughter-in-law of the house, the old queen. Jhansi, you take charge of our house, we both live comfortably, make tea, we can do it like this, isn't it fun, everyone has to play house to house, there are a lot of people, okay, we have to play at home, mom has to play at home.  That it was played with the mother, the mother has been held down and the mother's son is mine, your father and your grandmother have my paper, in this way you cannot subscribe to my channel, it cannot matter from Jaipur, okay  I can't be like this and box bhaiya we have to improve our life then will stop the recording Manglik is not sitting it is very hoon