Hello friends, today's topic is interesting, it will bring a smile on your face, are you Shravan Kumar and are you married, we will talk a little about Shravan Kumar Shravan Kumar, do you understand what is a strong Kumar, today boys have a disease to become Shravan Kumar.  Ok people will say, what are you doing in the society Shravan Kumari, you should look after the children, parents will have to be blind for Shravan Kumar, you will have to have a brother, I am ready to become the second one, Sharan Kumar has not married, if Shravan Kumar is a banna then he is the first one.  It is retirement and you should not get married because when Shravan Kumar ji was walking with the impostor, he would pick them up like this and here mother is sitting in the basket, father is sitting in the basket and all are on pilgrimage, you yourself are carrying them with some girl.  Didn't call my wife, did n't call my partner, extend a hand, a single person will get tired together, take a pilgrimage to father, did n't say this, do it on your own, Shravan Kumar, I brought this, qualified, looking very good, please all yours, grind it, come.  M Dussehra If you are getting married, Rakhi is there, you want to become Shravan Kumar with such a husband, don't make me serve him from 6:00 in the morning till 12:00 in the night, I will do it on my own, this is not a matter of service, service in 57  We have to serve Salman Khan. If he had got married on time, he would have been a father-in-law at 57. He seems to be doing service. Is service at 57 or bullying? There is a need to serve at 77.  And that too, who will serve, how many tables, who will serve, some assistant hospital nurse, people will take the property, you will take the property, this boy will take the property, so where the girl is getting the property, that means she should also serve. Hey, these days, jobs are not available for children.  I have got a job, I am not getting married, I have not even got married after getting married, they are struggling so much, here the parents are not getting the right time to serve themselves, I am not able to understand this and no one has served them hand and foot, everything is fine.  There is no need to move forward but they  I need a commitment that when I will retire, will you do it because I had done so much service, how to do this service, I will make a separate video for it for the parents, there are ways of service, nowadays there are digital ways, give an idea in that, if you want service, don't you want to do it?  How to do this, I want to free the society from this guilt. Very terrible guilt is being instilled in the boys, especially by their mother, because the mother should be asked, 'Brother, listen, I am so good, where a parent goes, there the daughter is left alone.  I am a lonely man, I am the only son, if there is no father then why do I need a lot of sympathy? If the only daughter has a man, there is no need of sympathy for the one who doesn't have a husband, because in the old movies, all the girls who had men were shown playing sleeveless kitty parties.  If it happens, then the psychology of the girl will be like this - neither is she sick nor does she need any service, there is no need of service, Roop Mara ji is there because Amitabh Bachchan's mother is the same, she is a tailor.  That site used to reduce the pain, I do n't know where it has penetrated into the soul, what have you learned by injecting it, brother, this one needs service, that one needs service, everyone needs service, hey, what are you doing, why are you telling me like this?  What a good theory you told that you should live with your parents, if you do not live in the house next door, then did people not hear this that everything can be benefited by living together, they need you and you need them. need you  You go here if you need them, you go here and if you need them, you go here, if your children have come from school and your wife has gone to work, then your grandparents' house is exactly 25 meters 50 meters away from the society in the tower.  You are in the colony, you are in the city, whatever system you want to do can be done easily, but people are not even discussing this, you are saying that the daughter-in-law should live separately, he is different, oh different, what am I from, Kathmandu.  I go away, this sister goes away  Go this Valentine, go away or Burning, if we go then go away, this go to Bengaluru, I say, uncle, stay there next to me, stay next to me, stay at the rate, brother, why are you in Desire only, why don't you have to give the whole family [Music] Okay  If it is available in the cost of 1.7.2 then take some money and team, take two, this is what I am saying, reduce the size of the house, why do you have to make Shravan Kumar, they also kill the parents, full story of Shravan Kumar. Don't make any of your children yourself will not have to experience this and don't do this to this, that story has already been told to the society, today I want to tell you that all this was out of necessity because there was no social security here, it was a poor country, in a poor country itself.  It was said that we will take care of our parents and will leave them, due to which the female fitness side got affected a lot because I had to take care of them because many mothers speak when they are told that the children should eat whatever they give, while I am telling a real time conversation. I am here  Let me tell you how the dialogue happens, then we would have given birth to two girls, then after that, how many children should we give birth to, we have a female in our womb, so we gave birth to two girls in the womb, then a boy was born, now this is the man's entitlement.  This is too much, so she has to make a lot of sacrifices. What is this sacrifice? She makes life sacrifices. A woman whose husband has done the female fitness side will never be happy. She will never be happy in her life.  This is going to be written down, whoever has done it will have to repent for it, it means a lot, it is such a big list, if you do it, your pain will be reduced a little, whoever did it, now they think that there is a registry of the plot, boy, issue.  A lot of things are going on, we give birth to children to whomsoever, those who are elders, whose small children will have to spend on them every month and then the elders will give OK, then they will give us the lump sum payment, then who gave 12%, who gave 15, someone gave 18 to him.  But the discussion will be on why do you think this is our right? Is it not our right to pay him, on his salary, we made so many sacrifices, giving birth to a child, sending him to school, giving him clothes, everything is fine, giving him protection, this is not sacrifice, this is normal. Sacrifice when it should not have been done, then before the time of sacrifice comes, you get hung up on children. Sacrifice is on children, doing something for a 35 year old child, doing something for a 40 year old child because it is not necessary to do so.  You don't need to do any other thing and you are doing that, it is called raising a child, it is not a sacrifice. Who has taught this tantra? Once in the night, you wake up for the sick child, the father should also stay awake, but I am the one who stays awake.  Because she can't sleep because if she could sleep then she would n't wake up and why can't she sleep because she has love, attachment and sense for the child, she can't do anything else and this is her duty to do, don't do it too much like this, now many people are distracted.  Will happen without giving pleasure from this because  Then when the same child swears by his own and falls ill, a 25 year old, an 18 year old, a 30 year old man, then Mani wakes up, a small man goes for his wife, gives some small baby flowers to the man, when she feeds him milk, first of all, this one thing is my  Set the society in your mind that parents give a lot of happiness to their children. It is true that children give more happiness to their father than that. If you set this in your mind today, all the troubles will go away.  A child is born, he is turning 16, he will go to A, then food will be cooked, there are no clothes, then I have to bring pampers for him, I have to do that, I also have a job, I have money, my father has not received a call, it is my mother's, I have no money in the bank, Netflix.  I have to pay for what I have 50 things to eat. Woman, in your man's mind the child is not doing anything in his mind. The child is looking at the man and is completely happy. He is the one who enjoys purity, isn't he? I can't repay my parents, I will do the wrong thing and tell you, you understand that now your ghosts will have a belief system, they call me 'Yeda Peda' witch is this ok, has any man ever come in history with a different system, the same has been done to him.  Maybe it should not be done after 10 years. It should not be done after 20 years. We should never hang ourselves. If you are a woman and a man, you do not feed your parents until you have a child. They come and go, she comes and registers, without her, people are given different names, like any name is a man, such dirty words are used on her, he comes to save her from these words, when she comes, she calls you brother, she ticks you somewhere. Look at the pain of those who have not had children in their life, those who are going to the fertility center, going to the hills, going to the temple, I do n't know how much pain they are going through, I will not speak on them as parents, tell about those couples who have not had children. many others  They will say, 'Dude, you just give.' If there is a child from somewhere, take something, give it to them and whoever agrees here is happy, it is theirs SIP Model and Beauty Plant Insurance Policy What have you done for us, what will you do and take care of them the same way. And whatever resources are given, it is their moral duty to give that much or more and just like the societies and countries in which this thinking is being done, those societies and countries are progressing and those countries are the same.  Lower middle income, lower class and such countries are becoming low in happiness index. Look, set your children free somewhere, they are the birds of the ship, they will come back when needed, many people will be needed to test their children.  After studying, they attract their disease and get operated, then that child comes, serves for 10 days and then goes away and then the mother used to tell the same child that I don't know if you will come, you will come, you will do it, I don't think so and then she feels that the child  by  Said the conversation is that brother, you have to bring these diseases for me to test, should you get this cut today and that fat of yours tomorrow and then this happens and I will serve you, should I serve you for 10 days or study in bed for 30 days?  Isn't this service of a year, what is the disease, Rakhi feels that periods are there, I am in bed, tell me that you will fall, read, and your child will not come, then speak soft orally and new, she does not let you come.  She stole a lot and took away your son, who was supposed to be Shravan Kumar, but God did not even install the operating software for him. Earlier he was running from you, then she came, she connected the wires, she took his brain, then she did this according to her own.  Those boys who are listening to me, are you fools? Are you carrying your own mind? Why are you stuck between all the wives and the man and father? Let's go with your own mind, if you have the power to become Ravana Kumar, then believe in yourself.  This is the biggest takeaway and whose  She is not Sarvan Kumar, she is Shravan Kumari, so brother, trust her also, she will do it, otherwise something has to be done, the biggest thing is to increase your strength, take care of your health, the more available these children appear to them, the sicker and sicker they are. This is also a truth and those who are not visible and immediately left the country, how will they serve now, brother, they can't even come here. You have the problem of living 50 meters away, which I have told you, but ₹ 5000 Km.  There is no problem in ₹ 10000 Km. If there is no problem then it is gone. One should not stay 50 meters away on the form entry. One should stay with us only. Why should he serve us? He does not like the boy as his bedsheet. You did not like this, why should he like the boy?  Change the bed sheets in your house, he did not do it, you were also washing his raw vests, till now a few days before the marriage, but now he becomes Shravan Kumar, on whose basis he is not going to become a girl, on the basis of a girl. Many people are not going to do this and are not going to meet anyone else. Now I am seeing girls coming and canceling their first marriage. Oh, I didn't like this tension, it used to be there for the boys, it was a compulsion 20-30 years ago, it was a compulsion for the girl's people.  That today there is no brother, you leave one, you will never get diversity, no one else will be found, no kind of will be found, once it becomes clear in the society, then what kind of our family will be. and then you this  See, when I am telling the woman to the father-in-law that you were wanting Shravan Kumar, there will be no service, it will happen that the daughter-in-law will leave, get divorced, run away, you will run away, she herself will run away, then no one will come, then you will.  Along with her husband, she will also have to take care of her son and your old age will get worse. At least if her marriage had been going well, she would have gone out of the house and you would have been forced to suffer with someone else. You would not have been served, that's all.  so negative  What would have happened in your life, because of what you had understood in your man and what you had done, would it have happened that women today think that their daughter-in-law will not run away, what is that? They are thinking to their man that they did not have the courage, they could not go. Chhotu has to bear the torture of her husband, she has tolerated the torture of her mother-in-law, the whole society has tolerated her, she thought that she cannot run away, she feels that this one too will not go, this story will be repeated, your story will be repeated, now that will repeat.  This is not happening, she just goes away with raised hands and then keep saying hi girls are bad, the society is getting worse and by doing like this, keep talking, keep talking, you have spoiled your old age and there is a lot of message for the girls too, please girls.  At least do this much of your own learning and a little bit of your husband's, otherwise how will that lady give birth to children who cannot see her own tomorrow because whatever the society tells you, it doesn't matter if the boy takes a bath or lives as long as he lives, but the girl.  I have my own  If you want to take care of having a child then please teach some values ​​to the girls too. I am only the eyes of the boys, I will make them loyal, they will not do anything, the girl will not do anything to us, our girl has been brought up like the boys, so is our girl.  There is a job, yes, we are rich, then she will not do anything, brother, even if someone becomes the Prime Minister, we will have to do a little bit, it is okay, I mean, there is nothing above that, you will have to apply toothpaste on your toothbrush, I assume, meaning.  ok something  So something has to be done, both of us have to do our own thing, cleanliness is fine, so please, boy is anti girl is not like that, I am telling you in a balanced way, this is the ghost of making Shravan Kumar, you go out and whose marriages are there.  Yes, you have Rakhi with Shravan Kumar, show it to those who want to become on your basis, what does Mr. Shravan Kumar say to you, I don't make my own tea, I will become Shravan Kumar of a man, there is no less, how come your shoes do not match the clothes. dulte  No, ironed clothes do not fit in your cupboard like you do. There are many husbands who do not keep ironed and clean clothes in their cupboard and there are many who are even better than them and they do not even take out ironed clothes from the cupboard.  It is said that such programs are being run by ghosts and why are the poor people not running them, what the new ones say, and why did our syllabus get changed, when our turn came, the whole syllabus got changed on Papa's time, it was very bad.  Syllabus was easy, so many people are feeling that the syllabus has changed at their time and it has become worse, today it is hard, you should be a woman, also it is okay, I am doing a lot of things because the thing is becoming complex, earlier the thing was simple, it is fine.  It was not easy but it was simple. Now it is not even simple. It has become very complex. Please share the video. Watch the old ones. If you have seen them then link up with them along with the solutions.  Link up and participate in the comment section. Just think a little that I want to bring a movement. It is very important in the thought process because only the middle class will have to bring the lower class and the rich class. I am telling them in a very sorted out time.  I will also make a video of these problems, whatever I discuss, I will tell the middle class phenomenon to the lower class and thank you very much.