Hello friends, today's topic is Art of Networking. Many youngsters associate it with chilli. I want to ask that by networking, we can move forward in likes. Tell us things about it and it is perfect that in the times to come, networking will play a role.  Big Role So we will discuss this and what is the big mistake people are making in this. I will tell you that thing in knowing and understanding about networking. Write that text without this you cannot get into networking and you can  If you do not gain from networking, then networking is this step, this is the level here, people want to earn directly from here and are not able to release the benefits of networking, this is very important, you have to go through it, which will not go through here.  Will not be able to reach and will not be able to bowl the ball, today's discussion is on that, everyone knows what networking is, it is okay and everyone wants to do networking, what is your period, period, you can Twitter people.  And day you know you progress in life the biggest truth is that subscribe time you will not want to connect with people this is what you are doing wrong your capacity to do something is the value of but I want to connect with people who live  With People Who Want to Work Progress Will Give Money Money Relationship and Professional Relationship with a Unique Service of Money and Service Revolver Prakash Services  UP Manish gave advice on Required Amount Transfer and Astrologer and Samridhi Architect. It becomes a very different thing and Chartered Accountants are different, in that you cannot talk about network. Networking will only work till the time you are a Chartered Accountant and a person with an architect or a bank loan.  Or if it is something with insurance then subscribe on prince network network then this is the biggest things without you thank you know connectivity subscribe professional [Music] That this is very important, so people, first of all, as many children have returned who are in winters and are making a new start, instead of directly fitting the jugaad with anyone, my bus department, thousands of people, take me forward.  There was an uncle, he was engaged, he was engaged, then it becomes a moral obligation that let's go now, he is my nephew, instead of me, he is my son, my daughter is my son-in-law, she is my daughter-in-law, then a different task is done, okay that.  They network you by hook or by crook but they do it on their own because they have the power to add value to the person whom you support, then the recommendation will go to the place of nepotism and other things. I am not against it's good things and that.  But I will also discuss, okay, if I have struggled in life, will my child also fight with the same zero, then we will discuss that again now, it also becomes a bit politically sensitive topic.  He does a little to the society, but I will put it on my desk, but today I want to check that those who are still children and those who are coming into the market in new occupations, they have to become learning machines, learning machines, sponges. Banna just's problem you should be subscribed to the recipe and here you were not able to see what it is so you will at least come to this level then you will come to this level or you will  Somehow will find someone love you can help you all love you to use this platform and network a little deeper video seems to be that networking thing you guys I will make a video on this in job series in West Indies but today I have shared the basic message to Ghaghare You Too network is very slow. Those who are in government jobs also keep networking that whatever will be my next posting, my promotion will be managed, this will happen to them.  You have to realize that it is important to do that work, manage your postings, the whole world does this, but then there is your value in it and you have to see it in it, sometimes you give yourself in that networking too.  It's Mindless Networking Also Not Good Now it is okay to find someone morally and ethically by going on the wrong route and want to do networking. Just forget someone like you should do it wrong. Guru is doing it wrong. It is okay because whatever he is, he is holding you in jail, nuvve nuvve net karke genuine by doing that.  Then moving forward is a different matter, there is a difference between the two, a very deep difference, mostly in the office, I think I understand it, networking is very very important but not at all cost. Cost Come Only When You Are To The Way Should Not Be More Likely To Be In Your Invaluable Knowledge Products Which In Itself Not Wrong With Moral And Social Networking Do n't Forget To Subscribe To My Channel So Because Of That This Meeting Would Have Happened  And these people know that they will meet people there and there will be some benefit like networking, they will go there and spend the whole time in such a place because every person has the same feeling.  It is coming from me that I am telling the next person not to leave, my Khan Jugaad will be fitted there, there will be 245 speakers and they do such functions from different associations, there are many in political circles as well as in business circles too.  There are different types, how many of you go, tell me. Practically, there is no use in going because every person comes with the same feeling and some of them have the feeling that if only they would have cut each other off.  Then remain but practically leaders over quote there is maximum people you again are the speaker speaker comes with high and and hide your personality and the speaker chooses that ok who is the person for my benefit then those who are organizers normally and those who are speakers  I am the only Muslim, the audience that goes there thinking that I don't know if I will expand my business or will this happen to me through Jugaad, will this weight happen?  That they are so this rumor networking important this little I hop all my video people mummo when that did not understand understood write down write understood in the comment section okay and Michael Jackson okay so I will try there are more people