Hello friends, today's topic is Acid Scan, Slow and Middle Class. Before this, you all must watch my video on definition of middle class. It was very well appreciated. It will be fun to watch that video and a small note for that video.  Clarification leader for those people that children below 18 years of age should not be taken in it, to divide that you can take top till 21 years of age, if above the age of 21 years you expect upward turning then for those above 21 years of age, you should take it.  And the second thing people are saying is that in small cities no more figures will come out. What I have come out is that I am worried about small cities. Yes, in big cities there are 60 more people to think about. In small cities, there is no India in big cities. Difference between America and India.  There is not even that much difference, there is not even that much right, 1015 There can be a difference of 20%, there is no more difference than that, one thing is that we are not yet accepted by pimples, there is no discussion which comes out in this video.  If something is done then the man does n't like it. If he doesn't like it then the man takes the escape route. If you talk about big cities then we leave it in small cities, it is not like that brother and I told you the rate which is completely applicable on that small city and big city.  You must have seen that in this video, I did it on the ground floor side. Okay, so let's start this video. You middle class people, in that I had told that you can understand yourself while sitting inside a house worth Rs. 54 crores.  No  Ca n't understand, told that neither in-house nor in the middle, it is okay, it is possible, I will talk about the fifth messenger and will tell you how to do it. Many people have written how are you guys, so you can see yourself that if  You people are in the definition of class and near such a top, you will have to spend the same amount to generate gas, these people are not ready to show this video to their parents, if you people have a property worth Rs. 45 crores in Delhi.  What is the use of your life while sitting and you do n't even have strong glass? Then you get free metro, free bus, free electricity, free water, disease, you can select and make multiple small properties which will be throwing and even s  D Will Give You Five Percent Over 2022 Life Will Be Like 1.8 Rupees Decision That Is Extremely Extremely Important For  This is that many of you are sitting with a plot, he cannot do custom, many people put this kind of money in the plot and this kind of money increases further in the slot, he does not give anything for the month, he hides it from one place to another.  But it seems like you really know what to do, I canceled it and it means Jain against him 306 porn bad, ok then you will kill him then this is a very big thing to understand, you should understand that don't give it time subscribe  Mid day visit of middle class is subscribed and greedy but people and parents see the fire that you can talk to us, we don't know or it could be theirs, such trick jokes are coming late one percent point 75 percent rental Lunik knows one thing which is worth three crores  Yes, she is giving 3 lakh rupees, just lightly, above is asking a question, she should give four lakh rupees and she will give only when three-three-four-four rupees are given to her and WhatsApp is small.  If you plant shoots, then when they grow up, a property worth Rs 14 crore does not become worth eight crore so soon, but out of properties worth Rs 14 crore, you took out 5 properties, 60 lakh, 80 lakh, ninety lakh, 1 lakh in different places, a man for me himself.  If you get the rent in one order, then there will be a lot of individual applications instead of everyone gathering at one place in the bathroom, the younger daughter-in-law, the queen will also come, the sister of the younger students will also come and stay like this, all tight okay and their  You should think safely in your mind, let us push you with the example of Delhi, just to understand clearly, the expectation can be flat in other cities also, so if you feel like this, then you will have to sell because it will be late.  This is no weather the best system in your life but egg's life time is the ultimate discount all this has to be known but no one is going to go so if your next generation in journeys and fifty thousand rupees were sitting in  Five CR ad is ok, it is like keeping them hidden together and not getting money of your own, it is a good decision to sell and get into multiple property show, best dialogue, your children are there, that too first, when it is this.  Their rent is not going, your rent is not going, your properties are depreciating and some properties are also coming on car rental, so this is how you increase your family income. This increases the values, and till the age of four and a half to five years, you can write the country, the way can tree, through drawing art, you can remember it better, okay, I am not saying that I write data entry dialogues or that I do not write them.  I am giving it to you, you have to write, okay, I am not writing, you have to make any notes that forward in next five years, cash like this will have no meaning in human qualities like that, you will not be able to do anything like that.  There will be a system that you will get fast only on the money that is coming in the bank, nothing else, today you can go to a foreign country, you can buy cars with it, you can invest, you can buy a plot with a rope left in it, this is what  The good ones from the market players, who are coming out, who are coming out and doing things, if nothing happens even in the districts and country, then by doing this, your quality is not a big one. You want money to come with a different.  Here May More Meet Vidmate Somebody Point Driving Somebody For Water Facility Which You Can Roam Around You can spend water, you can roam because Champcash seems to be coming in the month, isn't this tree a regular in the bank, it gives you courage that according to lifestyle you can do this  Placed in place, give vaccine, fired ICC, Lord of rich people living in them, can straighten the middle class but they do not understand that citric acid becomes subscribe video. So, what a person has to spend in India to live, friends, he spends ₹ 10, not talking about income, he spends a month, which can be very good, if you calculate it with yourself, then that time is two to three lakhs.  It can be brought by spending money as long as you want, it will be very big by then, okay then you can subscribe to The Big in Cat Nodule Quantum Detail Video How To Restructuring Dad had made ₹ 2 lakh general class guy, so he had told me to make him this  By saying this because people are not ready to accept it, is n't it? The man who is living in a house in a friend's yard somewhere and has two floors, is happy with the children living on one and the income of the children along with his income is lakhs of rupees but the cost of the house is eight crores.  He believes himself to be based on Purvamimamansa and is a Kunwar and is complete because of his quality of life. The house in which he lives is worth Rs. 8 crores, so he should be provided with facilities like groceries and Gurjars. He does not need metro. It is okay for him to go by public transport.  By the way, it is eight crores, so if you want that thing in detail, then I will definitely make a detail video of it. You guys have a request to write in the comment section, please subscribe a lot. I have no complaints, but I am telling you that thing.  Comments are becoming interactive because of the last one which I have made for Mithila, many people have seen the video. Those who are watching this one, people have written Giri and  When I started using fennel, it was time that at first it became a hobby, now tell me about this acid, because and according to the network too, it is very bad, the juice that is there is the real creation, it is not that brother, with its acid, he makes all the use of it.  But he generates his own astro and with that he gives a rich life and then there are expenses, the expenses are shown as expenses, even after tax, his benefits are included, so that person is a point at that level and he is among those people.  I have understood that we have to restructure it like this to generate cash, deposit cash, the quality of life is low, I see people living in very good places in their concentration or their rates are so high.  I have paid property tax but am not able to understand what other alternative sources are there to make my life better, car, soft ribbon, better clothes, better clothes, traveling around the country in a year, I can do all those things.  But the current status of Churna is running and there is no chance for him in it because the current test status of Lion is very low. You have understood the video given below, please like, comment, share, thank you.