Hello friends welcome to taste series video number 31 What is a good astrologer and who is how to identify him? Is he straight? First of all, whenever you meet or see him, there should be a sharp look on his face. Sharp on the face, he should not be sharp on the face.  It should look sharp, it is very wordy and it is sent, it should not be seen, it should be different from a common man, like a common man, if he himself has never had a scent, it is irritated, it is printed, he gets excited as soon as he sees someone's initials.  It gets sold, there should be a feeling of stasis and coolness as if because whenever you go to someone only for any problem, then this is a basic straight forward peace of your initial Basu or and whatever else he will tell you, now your friends in Britain.  Those who differ from Germany, whatever is its first thing, whatever is its consultation, whatever is the amount, I will only take that money, I will not ask for any further programs, get this thing done, get this festival done, get that thing done, wear this Neelam, wear Neelam there, do it there, that's it.  There should not be any demand from him if he is keeping no fee for his consultation and after that he is putting you in hours then it means doubtful work, this is the basic thing, he should be just very happy and satisfied with proper consultation and giving you and after that.  He does not want to make you connected with him for father this is why you are sick and this is why you are in the clutches of 20% astrologers. Only the first one should come out of it, it is a very big thing, it is a very big thing, if you do not understand then you will understand what I have said, the second thing, as soon as you sit with him, your strength should reduce if you are growing. Whatever the situation may be, if you are big then you are not a good astrologer if you say anything then in that company you should have clarity about what is happening, how is it happening.  the third thing First of all, he should have the ability to tell. Do most of the astrologers have this? Do they sit and talk like a doctor? Yes, the trouble is, good doctors and those who are without trouble, you have trouble, the accused are like this, this is the problem of this, this is this, this is this, this is the problem, this is the loot that you get. Technical terms of use about which Subscribe My Technical Problem Subscribe Let me explain in my language and he cannot see the intelligence of his doctor If you want to show it to someone If support I am an astrologer friend, I am a doctor, let me tell you in the beginning that I am a very good doctor, I fan with urine 75 You concentration support note that in everything I impress her indirectly, in the middle I also impress her, I speak my chords.  In real estate, we cannot discuss the use of Kshatriya 1% and then indirectly on everything, so this is a big difference, it is not necessary to tell about many things.  It seems like a TV or sorry is a trick item, this is what happens, he tells that I will save my electricity with stars, but once he shows five stars, after that he will tell again and again how I save electricity with my copper.  What kind of wire is this, how much resistance of alarm song, I understood it there, he told me that a system has a five star rating, brother, this is a system, so you have to take care of these things, I acquitted you, approached me please, if brother, your progress is increasing.  Is putting and Kansa is the answer to obscenity, get out of here or physically consult online also when it is over, Yusuf will have a good feeling that I have control over my life and I have come to you and felt helpless, why my God, I am like this.  Now whoever told me anything, now I will be helpless if the astrologer has made you his plate and after that situation made you dependent on him, then it is not a good thing.  Astrologer You You Should Not Direct Shudheer Sudhir and Subscribe Relative Some of those things will not be known to me, I will not know all that minimum 5 to him that this happened in your year, this happened, some such things happened, if you think like this then your thought process is about  Parents, Shivling, nature, quality of relationship, soldiers support, NSU, go for maintaining that I don't get along with my parents, I don't get along with my husband, not my children.  If you listen, then you have leaked the question paper, you just go, do this, sit quietly and he will say yes, if you say yes, if you want to show, then you, he, you don't speak, this is the reason why ask, say yes, say yes, hey astrologer, start looking at the horoscope.  You should see it once, like repairing a chart book, so that it can start right away, then these were the small ideas I told you, I wanted to tell the general audience that the market is moving a lot.  They are roaming around a lot, they are of very superficial level because you will not get an IIT degree. They are showing that they are in Astrology. And in fact, those who are roaming around with degrees are also roaming around the show for some time. Very very subscribed to be with them. Even after knowing everything, if we cannot do it for human beings, then humans are so disgusted with everything that they are so disgusting that I am telling you that if you take birth, then histology will say that you can only catch things. Subscribe to.  With practice, anyone gets good and some not but the basic ones were for you. Subscribe I hope you will remember these things in the next process. How did you like it in the next process? More videos will be coming in future also. Enjoy peace better than blood. You will get to see such videos in future also. If you have not subscribed the channel then you must like it. Keep making videos from this series. Thank you.