Hello friends, welcome to astrology series, video number one, I am launching this new series, it will be very popular, good, relaxing, fun and peaceful because it is clear that I have not launched this vertical yet, so all the videos you will get in it are  Let us see today's topic is I Do Not Believe in Astrology with a question mark, so in this I is not meant to be what people normally forget like this, so we will start with this that people like this Some people laughed and said, even with Spain, he does not believe in all things, I don't believe in astrology, so today I will start the chat from there and start the lesson from here, some of you will say, I believe in astrology.  I am walking holding this world believe, from here I have to hold the delete world that whenever you speak a word i.e. you are not a noise, now you understand this carefully, we have never spoken this thing in life, believe.  What to show, I know, I have to have quality and that I am relative, only one thing is told, I know something, I don't know anything, there can be a third thing, if I don't want to know, then this can be believed in astrology and I.  Don't believe in astrology, both are equal for me. If both of you don't know, then one each, if the brother-in-law also knows, then he will not use this world at all. Delhi Capital of India Narendra Modi Prime Minister of India  In India, we do not use this word in the things that we know, so those brothers and sisters who were saying 'I believe in astrology', they have to watch this serial and those brothers and sisters who were saying 'I believe in astrology' have to watch this serial. I do not believe in astrological, they must see the complete answer, our knowledge of India is so old, India is the knowledge of the country, no one has ever explained it at that level, the answer should be such that common people can always be included.  This one is a work, like the rest of the work, let's move on to the brother. Okay, so on the sister, I am going to tell you this thing today, sister, we have to lose weight, then clarity, so what will be the end goal of this series, why do you guys?  You have to watch the videos, these videos will be of 27, 10, 15 minutes but you will start getting peace and clarity in your life, you will see the point. I was thinking of putting them in very short videos but I decided not to deposit them. Why should I tell the operator something in two-three minutes which would take 10-15 minutes to explain to him? Today, the attention span of children has become so low that it is like the tension of a goldfish, so much so that attention goes away within 50 seconds. If you are living like this, you will not be able to learn anything from likes, you will not be able to achieve anything, any deep thing, intelligent thing, fitting thing, thing that gives clarity, thing that gives happiness, picture, it will take some time.  There is not so much time available now that you cannot give it. If a person wants to explain a good Parliament to you and there will be pressure on him to explain it in one and a half minutes, in two minutes, now these shots are on Tik Tok YouTube 93 Sacrifice and that.  All these things are addictive, I also got a comment a few days ago, your videos look very tasty, I like it very much, now a person has tried to give them a compliment according to me, I can't stop complimenting it. If my videos seem relatable to everyone, then there is something wrong because addiction, this network needs clarity, there should be a lemon. If you enjoyed what I have to say just by listening, then I have become a motivational guru type. I take this under the orders of a motivational guru.  So it would be fun to listen to his words, just today we will wake up in the morning, take cold water, do something like this, we will do something in life, one day I will become something, my channel gets the most likes practically, enjoy the dust of this Chhappan Bhog. That Success The Basis and Everything Way 4 How To Were Asked To Work In Real Life Effect Way New Army Points 98 That I Will Not Leave Anything That Arrogance British English English Friends English Language I Follow It English Literature Prize Indian Winners English We Indians  Using list breast is absolutely ours, it is a human being to start talking in English which you can do in normal Hindi also.  If a person understands Hindi, he also understands and he is talking in English, then it means that there is nothing hidden, he will not be able to explain and will speak hi-fi things. Acacia has to be valued, Mirchi, then we speak in English.  Rahte to when I don't speak in my videos, English is English meaning, laugh, English has come, patriotism More support for this series Paris Good I am going to take things and like I am in real estate, job in family in Bahraich In Vinesh Updates, I am busy in decision making in the mindset, my series is going on, I am bringing them, in the same way, I will bring astrology in my request. You can also see from China in the question that I have to eat the same thing but I am giving a balanced diet.  I am giving all the carbohydrates, proteins, fats and vitamins. If you take all the things then that king will disappear, then he will say this in high circulation because I watch the videos of my low intellectual level.  They earn their news by creating such things, I am afraid that not many people should see the item numbered ones, they make six thousand 10,000 rupees on affordable housing and in this way they make Jewar airport famous, 15000 New Zealand vs Gurgaon and more.  At the end, donors of that level do not want to do it because to do well in life in real estate, one must have a strong base and the new generation of today does not have that in isolation.  She is not doing the best work, has participated Bhakri without base, reduce it even while crying from 1st to 5th, 6th and 7th class, sell it less, good based on Korbe, along with the least strong Lokayukta, the capacity to understand further will be more, there is a lot of astrology.  It's going to be great, you guys get me at least 200 likes on this first video and that will boost my energy. Second, third and fourth, it will take you all the time for astrology to know that such a big and good thing is ours.  How it was misused, its name is being maligned, how to avoid such an approach, I will explain all that, please increase the news by taking spa and giving likes, write all these in the comment section. If you want to know more about twist, then I am heart and soul.  There is heart chakra, when Guru element goes, it remains open and reacts, but when he comes from further and says yes, then heart chakra becomes full and brigade chakra opens, then you will find it very interesting.  You get to hear things, you get to know and thanks to you Gajar ka halwa, milk and interesting things, good things, feel good from this, the people who won my vep test series are married, please see every husband and wife and put it in your family group.  And the parents in Hamirpur like if we look at it overall then together with him see it is okay with turmeric with hot milk and I will also tell you about its lion application okay what is the lion application of milk and turmeric has anyone tested it  If you have taken jaggery, then what is his senior physician? If you have taken it along with your wife, then what is the fiction in front of him? All your planets will be activated. Positive manners and co are not talking about spending money. Drink milk, add turmeric and drink it too.  It's fine, winter is coming so it is going to be very good in a very positive atmosphere. I will release it in all the videos. I will be releasing all the videos of my astrologer only in Watch The Tenth episode comfortably, with ease in my heart, I will make you watch it anytime, there is a proper chiller, no matter what time the episode will come, I will try my best to give it around 8:00 and you can watch it whenever after eating my food.  If you want to watch it comfortably, then watch it. In winters, we eat early anyway, so I will release it at 8:00. 9 watch it at 9:30. Watch the squad. You fell asleep with a smile on your face. This is a guarantee, Pakka &amp; Wife and  It would be even better if husbands watch it together. Please like this to boost morale and will be our manager. It will be a lot of fun. And friends, don't believe in astrology. Also watch that Believe in Astrology.  If you remove this word from your life, then you will know astrology, you will know how astrology works, okay, then the video will be in the next video, at the end of every video, I will also tell the next one.  9 Maths Next Video Will Be Second In The Significance Drops Off It is important to tell, firstly I have made this, next will be Spoon, see you soon, thank you.