It happened I forgot ok most of you staff save some stars metrological solution and breathless daughter's trouble ok no how much practical you tried it's practical you can do it Android was difficult it is in it's practical that's very easy easy solution pimple  Cut Notification: Both mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are women. Women are historically secure in relationships.  The trick is that you can take any property in the name of your mother and wife, it can be an investment one, it can be a residential property, you cannot take it in the name of both of them and sometimes what happens is that you are feeling that it is your father's money. So you and mummy will take it. Why are you and mummy taking it? You and your wife will take your money. Let me put your money. Akhilesh's phone is very big. Such situations happen in many houses, which you will agree to, which I normally do.  I salute you friend, you should live separately, want to pass but sometimes even notifications, money is not there, okay, you really want to stay in the best place for selling so nothing and your parents' money, it is also important to have money alone because China  And ignores it but other children children will see the parents and there is love too, now you also have to balance but there is that tension too and that tension can also increase, it is okay and when you comment the money then you give it to the parents.  You take a loan, you deposit every inch of my money and I have never heard of a property in the name of mother-in-law or daughter-in-law. Have you ever heard of any property in the name of rulers, then please tell me. If it is okay then please tell me, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law.  By taking property in the name of your wife, you can apply for turn one because 9 also have a system where mother has one fifty percent properties in 2580 and wife has 125, it can also happen in that.  My mother will never fear that her daughter-in-law will throw me away in my old age, and I will not have to spend a lot of money because if something happens to my husband, then it is my husband who has to give back. It could be something, be it the shoulder or the girl's.  K Girl Girl K He Does n't Speak That Contact 35th Roll Dial 72065 Reverse A In Accident In Something Reviewer PK Tips Possible It's Possible Okay It's Possible Okay But  He does n't forget, he doesn't speak, feeling that thing is the work of talent and we are the Guru, we have told you about this, your wife will be happy, the children are clear, his share can be sold, the property can be destroyed in its sequence from the house. Husband died, it doesn't matter, wounds will remain, Ram heals many, how do many die, they come to me for consultation, money, mine magic, such coordination, I see all this, what happens, let me tell you the solution, can I tell you any such solution?  Which is written in the scriptures, it is written Warden 2022 Tetra Ise Roti Parantha 2014 They were victims from practical confidence and shot People's life is held and helped so many people and comes back that I enjoyed it So someone told me that no this  This solution is a very big ocean, there are very big solutions, now I have written it as Astro, so that 50% of the people who do not do all this are talking nonsense.  Nahi sleepe aayenge nahi addenge per interested minute Is this a show Is this practical This also has astrology attached to it This also has astrology s pack attached to it When you're voting in Moon and Venus together Wife is brave Wife and Moon is the K You both  Ok Kar Li Moonj 19 Drawing Your Mother At Peace With Your Mind Will Update You Mother Is Not This Mind Will Never  Be at peace love birth to it's both when your mind is on the pitch of divinity's help Jyoti comes to know she says son how are you doing what are you okay does n't get everything how does she come to know this is the penis  In the same way, whatever is yours is also your pride, if she is happy then she is not looking beautiful, now beautiful feet are relative embracing Sarveshwarya and Katrina Kaif and models and not taking the name of all these as what is the best but people are of every human being.  There is a level of body and structure which can see the best, no matter how small it is, it is dark in color, then the use of curd is a mixture of hygiene label plus 1 confidence level, how much can a person be at his best, then the date is white on yours.  Wife means it's okay, it's the best in this booth of when you can keep individually happy, it's very okay among themselves, whatever they say about each other, they listen to each other, don't make me listen.  Now half-way through the dance, it's okay, you read the photo with each other, I am not going to stop you, but you fight, it hurts me a lot, if I am your son, he is your husband and you have nothing to do with my figure.  -If you don't want to give, then you are not interested in the option, what is it, how much is she doing, it is not in my hands, what else do I do, you are my mother, it is not even in your hands, so whatever you gave birth to me, I am for my actress.  Responsible What did his parents teach him and what did he make him know and he knows that I like him, he likes me, he likes me, just like you like me, but this is not right, this house is also yours, it is also in his name, it is okay.  And it is not in my name, I should leave, so what should I do to leave? So, in the tehsil, mother-in-law and daughter-in-law stood in front of that computer. At the time of registration, a photo document was issued, that thing appears in it, your face is not afraid of New York.  Gemini in  Scorpio is the zodiac sign as we see it in life, how beautiful we see it on Instagram and Facebook, how beautiful it is, and how ugly it is, the animals we see on the basis of registry, now the answer is prosperity.  Normally Instagram people and Facebook boil here and this is the same speed photo, this chest photo is the middle feeling here and the meaning of you agree with the solution, many people have clarity ahead, loot chore jaat sa it.  The answer to the entertainment question is, it is not too late, so the entertainment question is Talks of Baroda Deposit is the perfect solution and you tell me how many if you agree with stop the recording.