That Hello friends, Astro classes have started, now it is my second class, an introductory class has already been done, the class will be on Saturday from 11:33 am, for that you people will have to take platinum membership, if you are interested in astrology.  If you are inclined towards a little joy and a little peace in life, then Subscribe Skin is definitely necessary. It is a hurry to reach such a person.  This was the way for our Indians thousands of years ago, everyone knew that people lived their lives according to the rules, at that time we were golden birds, I subscribed a lot, I make videos of my state with the same simplicity, I also shared this astrology, Anand Aayega, there is no correction to learn.  It means that you will not feel stressed by going to class. You will not feel like this at all. The way to join is to take platinum membership. So if you take platinum membership then you can WhatsApp me on the number given below.  Please confirm that yes I have taken it, further process will be link sharing as it will be mixed with you. All the classes will be recorded and recording will be provided in case you are not visible to 10th class and you want to refill notes and Against the to aapko rahega to subscribe jo me ke liye complimentary ke liye inside him take this kind of video subscribe i tujhe existing me saath paksha the platinum  Membership was going on for many days, additional 8th confirmation has been given in it, so other people are also all waiting. If you have platinum number and are not yet on Telegram group, if you have missed it for some reason, then please contact us on the WhatsApp number given below.  But Vitamin Connect will connect with force for individual messages. It becomes very difficult to send messages to everyone together. I mean it saves time. So if you have not done so then please wait for half a minute. Like those who are taking platinum membership, please note that the people with this phone do not see the join button. If you have an Android phone then you only have to see the join. In that you can pay, the option is fine, how to delay it for a year, as if it was one month old.  It's okay for you, if you are an iPhone user then I will give you a separate link in the description in the comment section. If those who don't see the join button are okay, then I will give you a separate link for members subscription.  I will give it, thank you