We will not make money, ok then we will start first astrology and real estate astrology that I am different for everyone, all of you do n't know the zodiac sign is Libra, birth sign is you, note down your friend who does not know your communicated recharge like Libra.  If the ascendant is of the zodiac sign then it will be the ascendant of Libra zodiac sign, this collection of yours will be the ascendant of Cancer zodiac sign, where Libra will come in the fourth house of the zodiac sign, then always take the decision of property according to this.  You will not be able to find yourself Sworn in. You find yourself not able to take a decision on Bigg Boss. You will not be able to get slippers. Consultation with anyone will only make you feel relaxed and strong. You will always find something lacking in you or feel scared. It may be your wife too, you too. Chances are you'll be one of both. Sixteen percent of these dams are 6 percent of the people in a cup of fuel with solid.  Yashwant Rat's team will keep searching, keep searching, clip search, they will not understand the thing in money, those who will understand the thing in money, I understood that whatever will be understood by seeing, it will be started, when it will be started, something will start in the location.  If you ca n't do anything at any time then this is if your finding and can be true and your SIM debit price rise in this you are not able to laugh at the dissident ultimately absolutely useless place  These are the patterns of Bheem and after that he plays that role, no friend, we did not see it, the round starts, then next time we do it and we will see a lot, it is similar to the want rate of getting any buddy, any of you add that. Get identified through this. Talking Astrology on Temple at Railway Track. Everyone understands its horoscope in Astrology. You can see whether your Ascendant is formed or not in just seconds.  If you want to listen to the business, then you can read it and its effects, then you can't read it, so you can go introspect that it will be yours and your wife's. Many a times, one of the husband and wife is unable to take a decision. Decision making regarding the property is completely different from the other. You have to see that do you like, generally it happens many times that the man is a little suppressed, if he had the courage, if the man was courageous, then it means that he is killed somewhere in the horoscope, Vishwa Mars.  There is a little week with him, when he is also captured in a song relationship, he is a little submissive, related to him, here is the land of free development, March is the land, whatever is satin, it is a constructed thing, so if we take the interplay of benefits of Saturn and Mars, then it is not flat in the air.  They are built but they are built and the construction and all that work has to do with the setting, so your Saturn and Mars are very bad. If one of them is bad, both are bad, then your property is bad. Issues will remain, they also have different solutions and may be but certainly no deal status not something, soap is sealed by us and issued by me give one for family and rental pat dei news you are not number T20 in to make too much money dare  You Not Supposed To Put Your Fit 120 Crore Scientist Moti Vaakyudh Moti Baton Peele Kuch Na Kuch Aur Banaa Hai And You Will Release  That's how readers will see the button themselves. You tell me that people earn money in the same share market, they eat money in the same, people earn money in the same real estate, people speak in the same real estate, people are like that, the products of real estate are like that.  So this is one thing, second is the kind of trade you have, third is the bad omens of how you are approaching general decisions in life and how you are interacting with people in your life. You are full of doubt, the element of Jupiter in you, the trouble of Jupiter, is not there at all, you think that every man, every builder is going to cheat me, every man is going to tell, explain, show and money is going to be lost everywhere or you? Thinking that you have more element of Mercury in you and are judgmental among Haridwar, these builders earn a lot of money, this one is earning, you want a product, you want to protect, but you are generally dead, whoever works in real estate.  Those who work efficiently from bottom to top, you see them with a distant, it is okay, Somvansh, you have a true outlook towards real estate, you are not likely to do well because once you are, your Jupiter is on the energy that is going to you, you have also done it to Mercury.  You have activated what will happen as they are never good personality welcome to you take top position at winters presented for Fluting Depleting A Time When Will Not PDF 80 What To Do Today You Can Only Jump End Opportunity If You Are Happy Ninda Market New Guru Tak Jyida Your Knowledge Jyida Then You Have Been Thinking On Buying A Property Vaikuntha Market Vinod 80 Calling Properties And The Moment Something Comes  In your budget, your location, your investment thesis, all those roles line up. Top Model School thing Top Model speaks that now they are aligned with News Tuition happens on this platform Surely you will have to be in the market to know that those plot rates are increasing and what is happening in the future so for that  You have to have taste jupiter element is witch state knowledge knowledge at very high whose skills to acquire knowledge is policy diet is to take platinum membership charge money photos Vinyas because of those who come to get free knowledge, not only this, just tell me this, tight miss, you are not wanting to take it, even Patoda, if you think that you ca n't take anything from it for home for a week, just tell me this.  Tell me, I don't have to learn anything, how to analyze, what to see, what to do, no, I will waste my time on how to buy a phone, I will buy clothes, I will bargain, I will take from everyone what I want on half ticket, things, items in life.  On top of this, there is no change in anyone's life on the ticket, what about the middle class, but even the world class reacts, do not buy anything expensive, no one will come at that age, if any aircraft is fine, then if it is not a big thing, then it is a big thing, we need the knowledge of this.  If it should be done properly then decide this dam. Second is that you come to know about it in yourself. For example, if you have a habit of wasting water, you take water from shower, generally it is not very careful about water wastage, it is okay that  If you have installed a solar one then you have removed the cold water of your two daughters and then you are talking about hot water. Even with your RO water, a lot of water is written on it. General Year English Recording Water and Verification and We are providing most of the water. It is fine like this.  So You Will Find There On OK Cutting Video Live Video What Happens What Happens And Real State With Amont Ture Decision-Making Blitzwinger Green More Because You Will  Be Getting Your Thoughts and You Raw Water Element The stress that is not to be done, many people, you see that if they do this then they will not be successful in their decision wherever they come, what happens to them, anti-aging effect flat and your  Given in train You will find the attachment Morning every day Settings This plumber's work has come Yes This piece of wood looks like termites This thought should be disturbed by the people above You will never be at peace Such a landlord is you  Will Hear Your Real Estate? You have trapped me in the thought that you have got this, my trouble is still 20000 rupees rent and it does not let me live, there is darkness and talents, late online lottery has given me the number of shots which gets erased from the Mars side.  Inquiry is earning 45 thousand rupees, taking full money in Dadagiri, it will take ₹ 5 time, did not give them any trouble, gave them likes, means they have confidence level.  Hi Paisa Bhi Kama Rent Elvish Yadav, you are here, your body sadhana, you have taken things as thought, your same is not being managed, so diet element, if this is happening to you, I don't know how many of you are able to identify the Lord of People.  Nursing ID's Bhim Mere Ko, then when this starts happening to you, that offering change, you want to see a more real estate because of you, don't understand, don't handle the property either.  If you buy then I take your pot, then there is a house in the account, if the attendant will not call, then special All Identified S Columnar till late morning consultation for the real estate news all this information record Yudhishthir Vishalyak means that it is a big thing that Terry like my YouTube channel Everything is gender, it is not anything in isolation, you will always have this kind of element, then your next comes that if your husband fights with his wife.  All fights between husband and wife are okay, but there is a limit, you all know that friend, how much should be allowed and how much should be allowed and how much should be allowed, where you can see that if you are fighting with your wife. Whatever real estate you have in your home, wherever you are, you are always deprived of the beautiful real estate, like the special premium flights, the premium one, that is your DMU, ​​you will get the news of constipation, the property, you can run your business. you are spoiling it  Points up B.Ed so you mean you will find more that these properties idea like ploy delhi garbage garbage will start many properties you okay then comes that if you have your Saturn Saturn what if you scold your medico you scold the driver  You scold your employees, you can justify that they were not good, I had to return, every person decides which is Indian nature and what a great time telling you all people of pride.  When you started away from yesterday and started worrying here related to be as price in the mighty surprise how did not working as you are generally rude man promoted to poor Indian curry later whoever is below you is poor you are poorer than you app chalu  Nothing is related to everything in life. The poor person in your office, in your house or in your social circle, generally you talk to him rudely.  If you suffer loss in real estate, then by unmuting it directly, if you buy something in our fast today, then some seepage of your construction plot will be given to Aishwarya's mother. Some bills and their respect will always come if you are coming already.  What you should do is used for tomorrow only start both now very nice to the people and a little bit like you have to pay ₹ 100 to these people then we one and a half this  Dekh And You Will Release That Your Issues Have And Twenty Twenty One Day You Will Find And Peace Fund So It's Not Like That Why She Was Going To Jhansi That Room Will Be Done But You Will Release That Friend Good People Hey Getting It Is Okay That Navdeep  Years Only One Having a Special One Nobody Else Please Chat Me Friend Request Soe Which Things Which Thing Is  Very very important okay so this one if you have to get it then you are covered Mota Mota all Himanshu now here we go the biggest planets Rahu and Ketu ok Sona K 215 release it you will have a you always ah swiss roll out complete and you will not  Be Able To Buy Property Richest Complete And You Were This Is Declin Chadhaibo Reference Par Topic Hai Isko Understand I help everyone very well with the position of Ketu and with this thing, I help everyone very well in what happens that the times are giving you are not able to buy. You must wash the property based on that and you want to take it completely, but your horoscope is only half fast.  If it happens in your Amla, buy it from your brother, buy it with your brother-in-law, buy it with your sister-in-law, buy it with your mom, dad, happiness with whomever buy it, people and you, such financial constraints, properties may be yours in abundance. Gaon and this is very important thing because what do people do, this is only my budget of 40 lakhs, only then I have to buy the next good one of Dosti from 40. Hello viewers, what is the matter, but I will give you the full amount in one go. Then you do your calculations, if you transport blood relations in Haryana, then it is a big thing that on this pure fuel are coming across a good investment option, you do not do the full well.  After all, due to this water, your property is saved, is it your cremation or anything else, go to such a plan, friend, go to such a plan, valid and bring one more question, this one is effective for 50% people in the market, I am a horoscope.  According to this, I am telling you in general how many people are there, here on the corner, you can put the taskbar in the same way, the photo pocket is like this for many people, which is the kind of button.  Ko says man, you just put the name on 5 cents in the registry. You can control the ownership percentage with the help of five percent 2% tone. So you tell me how many * Have you can write in the Tubelight mins how many and this  Friends, this is what I could have done but I needed someone's help or it was not taken from me. Is it ever like this? Any big assistant Angry Birds So  Manya late anni padi aur ko hai world your time singh a hai is this what I am saying sounds like air at all or to anyone ok somebody is a greater Nitin ji better but any properties I tell you to buy multiple properties  The trick is to take it together and unlock it. It is said a lot that we are the ones who get cheated. Friends, how does it happen to you? You put 50%, someone put 500% in both names, 50% is cheated here, if cheated, you should go there.  You invest money and it is someone else's name and it is not in the family. It seems that it happens that there are two in the family. It happens only when there is no charity now that whose acid came and the intention gets spoiled and according to the rules and regulations.  If you don't go with it, you are fine, then it hurts, then the second pain happens, Bank Dam, Shivling, 10 Very Well Said, One is Very Poor, What should I do with a very poor person? You cannot buy a property worth Rs. 1 crore with a very poor person.  So how are those unfortunates added, so much recording in the family that if bike more or less everybody same this can happen ok ok ok no will stop recording is an egg will attack so questions and country no one can understand ok and  After that you milk this news to se conducting you can ask questions ukr multiple even have always get money but remains first varicious grandmother more Transformation in emotional state merit system brother is free, this conscience itself is free, it is absolutely free that sorry Shivam Sikri to good student, after Ketu etc., don't tell where Rahu will be, under the effort of one finger, can give multiple properties, multiple properties.  The biggest causative element of the one who has it will come to Rahul again, so wherever it is, its direct application will give multiple times, okay, then the girls will get multiple times by doing Moon Rahu and multi, mostly okay.  If another anger comes with him, then how are the boys like that yes, what will they get, the reason for many of them is that they go, you have seen many people that they are sitting in a circle, then these logic has not come, there is a button to take it, it is okay, in the same way, Rahu is there in properties also.  There is a big element of whether you will buy multiple properties or not, then sometimes what happens in the house also like a great Indian family, if there is space of some size or the other, then if you buy it together then you will be able to acquire multiple properties. tight fit  Is this Mr. Mathur Voucher Person No Good War Good Okay Yes No Change Note Tax * Customize Part Aquarius Unknown Lottery's A Point You Tell You Tide Weights In These Traditional Patterns of Life Is Not Done Well In Real Estate Only A Consistent Basis Please  Do Not More Money Systematic and second biggest thing I want to tell you is that many times people say that I am not good, I am in the name of this.  I take money, I give that too, judge, time out, but Star Jain Irrigation, idiot, if you invest your money daily, then that too, you can fool me like this, okay, this is under this wealth of worship in the Eastern Oil Discover Anil Kumar Sunil, absolutely Ketu.  And Rahu is Gemini multiple property paper property that Agni positive negative repairing Najar I don't understand the question and I don't understand your post  Will stop recording, there is a question that I will not want recording, protest after recording, this please Navgraha Shanti is nothing, there is no peace for some, please write something is not wrong, people are saying that please remove my winners, this is a big stupidity of astrology people do.  Kuch nahi hota yaar born with a temple at nothing changes immediately that what nonsense but astrology adjust mix were accepted  Truth and Makes You Play with User Friend Introduce Voter Card Those who play playing cards Advocate District Panchayat cards Further how to play the best game with those cards I can tell you all this and the good ones are two percent but 98% people are also good but  She found out that she is very stupid. Like the public, he is the same astrologer, he is the same doctor, he is not the same, he is the same leader, so he has to make something from the public, brother, you are born.  It is done, you will become soft with her, what is the game with her and where to put your energy, this can be told, then the one who was born with useless intentions, then brother, he has become like that, now nothing can happen to him, it is okay and useless.  There is no one who is destined to agree while talking about the time, not only respect the women of Sunday side and remain silent, likes will be given by the Lokayukta from all the squares and your whole universe will crush you.  To fight for insulting women, overcome it, now it is said, no, my ko has become from last and nothing is going to happen even if born with a dick, but it is not above, it is said, not destroy all limitations to astrology helps you to.  That you made it strong, did not weaken it, and saved it from falling. It is not strong, it is okay, the skin has been very well in that way. Now if you look at the horoscope of Modi ji, then According to family life, show the horoscope of astrologer Modi ji to someone. If you do it bluntly in the past year then the horoscope will be useless in astrology. In the middle, it does not have the same meaning as the one which is inside the center. Now if it is not inside the center, then take it from the family -  There is nothing to give, otherwise a normal man would say this but then added that portion, history of birthing is not his work inside the house, it is not the story of wife, children and family, I am home.  So you will say, will he have a house, will he have a family, will he have yoga, will he have no yoga, is he useless horoscope, luck, is that look, it is a very complex, I think people have got a, okay, okay without and Rashi Rashi Monika and Kar Lakhan Purna ever look at it separately  Will take another minute Yorkshire Interesting topics New records Chairman's list of A first please have a beer with Mick