Hello friends, after a long time, there is a video of astrology, watch it very carefully, you can get a lot of relief and benefit. There are many transits happening in the month of April, when the shoot is happening, Lord Rahu is changing his zodiac sign on April, it is going from the forest.  Going to tours and this too is changing because when you change then you will also change. This Saturn GB is going to transit this month that Thursday, I will not be very technical because this  There are many videos like this, in the same way, I bring the rest of my content from practical, real estate, all relationships, job, mind, reminder set, in the same way, I should explain to you if you do not know the AB of astrology, then also its logic.  This video is for you, if you don't even know when you were born, believe someone, you don't know the time, no one knows anything, still this video is for you, if you like this astrology etc.  Do n't give that much attention, do n't you know much, you also, I will make this video very simply for you, I will not keep it very technical, it is okay for you people, if there is any wish, something is being said, you will see the pattern in Apple and  Do you people have to write in the comment section? Previous Quote: Have you started seeing changes since last 6-7 days? It is happening in your life, at workplace, in some relationships, in everyone's life. Now people think it is normal because it keeps happening but.  Right now this intensity is high, in the month of April, that Sun is also going, now everyone must be feeling a lot of changes within it, those who have any kind of problem, this is an open offer, it is necessary for the subscribers to be subscribed, if not. And if you are watching the video, then subscribe. If you have any issue in two or three lines, just write it in the comment section, I will tell you the appropriate remedy below it and you will pay the fee for that remedy.  Feed 11 lonely poor people in my name. To donate in India, there is no need to go more than 200 meters to a medical shop. It can also happen with family members while working nearby. If this messenger remains then send it directly to me.  There is no need to do anything but whoever learns will also be given very practical and easy to day things. Those who are seeing their energy slabs getting changed by this, please do so in the comment section.  Write anytime, anywhere, we go normal, we go to the astrologer, that too, your Saturn is not right, this, this, this is bad, that is fine, chick, planets are never bad or good, planets are always good, action is bad, our intelligence is bad.  It happens that there are some times during which the intellect does not work, so if we can bring discipline in some small things in our life so that getting up in the morning becomes on time, I am not saying that 4:30 in the morning.  Or three reasons: Get up at 3:30 Brahmamuhurta or there is no need to do so much, it will be of very high level, make and routine as much as possible in practice, due to the tweets of many people, which has been coming for 2 years and we are feeling normal.  The routine of many people has been spoiled. If you establish the routine intensely then it is a very common remedy. Everyone follows the routine. Check how much TV to watch in that routine. YouTube Watching Netflix, enjoying, eating whatever, but 28 you are also similar in this, so this is an advice for you people, in the coming 10-12 days, you people will see more when Saturn transit of Saturn transits is considered to be a big transit because it is this year. But today there is a translation of Rahu-Ketu, it will last for one and a half years, it will be a cause of upheaval for many people for many zodiac signs, but everybody will laugh.  To go through the right posting will come as per your wish. Some people's happiness will not come as per your wish. Dependent on whose, where, how the accounts are sitting, words, this you will feel, you will feel all these things, work place where changes can happen, children's behavior.  You may get to see the thought process of studies, you may get to see relationships, you may get to see the health, and if the patterns are changing then there will be intense period.  This is for all the people and all the people have to increase the PIMS inside them, for that water is a common remedy for all, everyone should drink water. Before increasing the heat, it means that the normal heat used to come before, maybe this time it has come.  Take Care of Health Take Care of Emotional Health Take Care of Your Wealth Ok This Link Ok This Channel Now on Everything All Sorts Always Connected Everybody Welcome To  Write in the comment section, I have not made it very technical, I have asked it carefully because sometimes Indian help is fine, a person gets impressed by doing very technical things, it does not help, the only thing is the changes are there for everybody and don't try to stop the change in you and should be.  To handle Dasharatha a good astrologer will not let you know this situation and locate the situation to change situation change kya  It is said that if you give in the report of Enemy Mentality Mentality, then the cat will not come well. School, College will always empower you and I will cut the sequence that is coming, you have to go through that. Bypassing the right now will only take a few minutes for.  The later years in life and then with dowry it becomes difficult to handle those things, then the voter of it's like boil is coming to you high  If the speed comes as per the experiment, then fat hair is fine. Learn to duck. Learn to take a stance. Wear a good helmet and try to go to one side with difficulty. Handled at high speed deliveries. Coming let you not try to run away from the game with him.  The fun in life is to play the game, not to run away from the game. Ok, always been the game. Please share. I hope I understood something in the dark. If you guys felt how you felt then please do share it with someone. Personally, I don't know how much this want to benefit will be. If there are 10,000 comments then it will be difficult but I will try to handle further till 300, 400, 500 and whatever issues are going on. See these all should be right. Thank you have a.