That hello friends this is and subscribe just two-four interesting things if you want to learn astrology then a stroke and switch on you will have to take platinum membership for this which platinum members have a subscirbe Friday 80 class with her and almost every Friday on three Fridays Send admission fee and late recording in a month, also provide recording, you can watch it comfortably and learn the basics of astrology very well. What will be the benefit if you get it? You will feel control in your life. Helplessness will reduce. Brightness will reduce. Happiness factor will increase in life. I am not saying anywhere that you will start looking at people's horoscopes. I am not saying this right now, you will remain connected.  If you remain a good student and learn for a long time, that too is possible, but what will be the immediate effect? ​​Will you feel intense work? The noise on this is fine, but only by becoming a platinum member.  Only I am not getting access to it. Yesterday the stock market was not very good. We had a marathon station of 3 hours, that too has a recording. For platinum members, you will get to watch all the old videos till date. You will get to watch videos of related courses.  Or whatever webinars till date, whatever classes have been held on different things, you will get to see that in my Sundays, if any tree is a webinar, any my stomach is a webinar, it will be there.  Platinum members will get complimentary access, this is part of the package, so these are the benefits. To get platinum membership, you can press the join button. If you have an iPhone, then you will not be able to see 'Join' next to the subscription, but for others, you will be able to see it.  If you have an iPhone then I will give the link in the comment section to get this membership, then all the iPhone people can go to the comment section and take the payment also.  There is a normal payment tax mechanism on Visa card and Google and you will know its procedure, so whoever takes platinum membership from you, please connect with me on WhatsApp that I have taken it, so that's it, can I do the element platinum telegram group if  You are a platinum member and for whatever reason you have not informed yet. If you are not on the Telegram group then you can connect me on it plus the links on WhatsApp.  They will be given on the membership page and will be informed that whenever they happen so that you are forward that yes it is regularly like on Thursday like stock market, Thursday on Friday, displacement for astrology in this Saturday, Sunday or in between.  Whenever an opportunity comes to me, the first thing I see is Also Shared with Platinum Members, once you get hooked on its many benefits, there are even more.  There are many benefits to tell, well, I am not understanding it properly, once you ejaculate, you will start knowing the benefits on your own. It will be a good experience from me. Why am I telling this in this way so that those who understand the videos can understand it?  I am liking the content and want to go there and to a higher level. Those who want to learn to ride a bicycle and want to keep walking with folded hands, those who want to ride a bicycle with folded hands are ok. I hope you are getting a matter.  For Right who is absolutely wondering which cycle and hand to leave and what does this mean even if it is not for you then Platinum who wants to go towards a little higher order thinking and will become an interesting person, in short I want to tell this and  There will be many benefits but you will become an interesting person, people will see you and company, you will have a smile, wash your face according to these two things and guaranteed time, platinum member, so hurry up today if there is a class like You do that on Friday, if you are watching the video later Friends, it has come out that the next 3D will come, then Thursday will also come, that cycle will continue, rest whatever has been covered till date, you can watch the recording of it all, this will have access to date.  If you can add in And Fresh, then it is an ongoing process, I would like maximum people to take advantage of it, Vikas, that corpse type Guruji type, it is fun to sit and teach, take a pen and share the screen like this, it is okay to ignore it. What is not so easy here, it is also easy in that, officer tools are very easily available here, whatever I do, it is it well and will request all of you and if I become a platinum member of the same, then your entire family husband and wife.  You can also see, although there was no attendance there, husband took it, wife went crazy with family, there is only one screen there.  But if you listen to me, your wife should listen to your husband, your children should listen to you, your mother should listen to you, then it is quite from the middle also, this is the first and her whole family is happy and the opposition may be that the wife is the strawman trusted to you, interested in real estate and the children are interested in your stock market, any one man is interested in all the things.  I don't have that much interest, Pat has some interest somewhere and from that he has mental models, then there are investment tools, there are many other things too, okay, so that and the rest of the videos.  If we meet to learn in different ways, then each and every buddy means it is worth the money, I have become the platinum member, I have already sent it, and if I take the shoulder, want to write, what is this called? Your different sign comes this time in platinum member and that type any comment, so you look different, there is some star type in it.  If something like this is made, then I too, platinum members, can tell their people that if they are getting benefit then something is right, they are getting benefit only then there is platinum number, but still if you can add for Mussoorie that  You are my marketing budget and my special co glides don't run so hot [ __ ] e the most of you in the class what to wear clothes were conducted four to five types of effort different months  There are 10 to 12 classes and there is a person at a convenient time. If you miss it, you can get the recording, then the opinion on Ayurveda is very beneficial in this and share this with those who are already there or who have discussed these topics.  Let us know if there will be interest in these and you can also share them. Thank you very much.