Hello friends, this is a video of a little astrology, there was a demand for Ghis to tell a little on just logic, I am going to tell you about a very common thing, two-three comments, the person telling the thing, Zulu, is doing something very wrong, perhaps someone has guided you and told that till date  And if you never knew, then I always have a video nearby to bring, those things should be told, don't you know, my cords talk about horoscopes here, I have seen horoscopes in many houses, this is father's, this is mother's.  It is wrong to keep children's horoscopes together, it is wrong that one should never keep sour horoscopes. You should know that every person's horoscope should be different, that is, it should not be in the same place. It is normal. I have seen people keep all this safely in the cupboard, only the mothers and the women of the house.  You can keep it in its place, don't keep it, you should keep the second thing in tattered condition, the old horoscopes are torn, if you open them like this, they will come in your hand, you should tell people, then this is the era of PDF, all these can be generated online for you.  You should dispose off such a torn one, I have a way to do it, don't keep it like this, you should only remember the time of the child, when it was born, everyone remembers dates, everyone knows the place, everyone knows the place too.  Keep the time here, tell it to the child and you can generate its multiple online and keep it in your base. If you want to keep the printout only, then it should be separate and clean, its cover should be good, the same luck will happen if it is in torn condition.  If the birth chart used to come then it would have been torn, I am telling you that many people are making mistakes, it has been read, sugar was written in it, moon was written somewhere, all those fields have also been done, only your horoscope horoscope would have been the same.  Is n't it the dot for the penis, there is a moon in the horoscope, if there is Navamsa then people have been destroyed in it, Bumrah, you look like this, I am looking active, you do not need to see the horoscope today for astrology consultation.  Can you tell me the time? This software will kill everyone in your computer. When computers came to India first in the history, Undhiyu is there in the horoscope. Okay, so let us clean this work very well in advance and yes, tell the name of the bell. Do it like this.  I am reassured that whatever is yours, yes, Gemini, this is it, everything will be yours, don't walk around with your heart, just remember you time, know it is like you know, enter us Dr. I was born at 8:40 in the morning, at this time, that  Okay, so people will keep it thinking that maybe it will pass and then I will forget my timing. Know your time, it is just a pure voice. Kundli of second thing helps in matching, at the time of marriage, it is too much for many people, so accept it. And many people say as soon as we got all the qualities we have, we are going to be a driver, then it is not whose name is bra, we also got less qualities of astrology, we are very young people, we are very well married, no one has said this till date. Tell who is there, the points of number 18 inside it are there, they are there for giving birth to a child, 19 sleeping nadi is the matter of defect, okay if you understand it roughly, then modern science that I, those details are not such great difficulty, all these rules.  Its value is today when the things which are given low numbers for compatibility are implemented in real life because at the time it was made, it was thought that women would not have any problem. Don't forget to subscribe, run away with your head and get married and all this is nonsense he is saying but I do to do not give too much importance in this madakhlat admin astrologers are telling you can't give there don't give subscribe to this and which  It is normal, now let them meet, okay, now what does it mean that a boy and a girl are good, okay, this one too does not know how to cook, this one too is good at cooking.  Today, you are going to unite so many children within the children and you have achieved more goals of meeting the boys and girls. You are very happy with the company of the girl. You should go inside and meet the boy, you will get along very well with the boy. But then you mixed it with your breath, you mixed it with your father-in-law, you will mix the qualities of your family till you like, you would have got it till here, so my opinion is that do n't give tumor importance 1819, if you meet again then it is good enough for those who 18  19, 20 meet and since 36, their marriage is going very well. See, I saw the statue of 3232 people. Marital is noteworthy. Among the astrologers, I am talking about both the things responsibly. I have to say that this matching of qualities is not easy, it comes out in two seconds in the tiffin.  This is to be roasted, if you are going to mix it then it is okay and here and the link is clearly, don't request me to mix it.  Don't get it but if you want to mix it, is it okay then please go to a very good Pandit ji who will charge you at least 10-15 twenty rupees for mixing it and will take full time to meet you, he will tell you everything and then the biggest thing in it is the representative time also.  So there should be no next party. If you don't get the right time, then what will you do? If that girl you had seen in Ek Munna Bhai wale had asked for something, then it would have been a holiday and the time would have been 955 or 1055, that is in the morning.  Shows the way Contain PM changed the time by 12 hours Whitened in this You are hot Vishrut only Taste one to play award Is it okay that Sandeep of merit certificate This two will save the lift Key These people of business The videos were made on lips  If you subscribe, then this is the third tax that after picking up, they are on the gemstone, they do gypsum work, they regret it, okay, but should you run after them, you should take their support, it is steroid, that means man is very  If I am down and need steroids, then the students will work. My life has been saved, but should I live my life on the stars, I want to live my life at speed, I can save anything, I can take it out for a period of time, so that I can do something with someone of yours.  Had an accident in life fund razor, needed steroids, took series for 2457 days, got cured, started walking but this blocked vision, so much more tiffin, run after work behind eyes, Dubey and he is based in Ujjain.  For the meaning of work, every person with half circle of quacks is suggesting danger to life, then some person says that money is subscription number, but even if it can be the eighth of it, then it is the amount which is the amount.  It is the lord of two zodiac signs also, so if your eleventh zodiac sign is the sign of the eleventh house which is the zodiac sign of the eleventh house which is activated in astrology for technical, if your eighth zodiac sign is also activated then anything else also gets activated.  You have done it, so you go after one thing, if you apply that thing, it gets cured, still there will be loss because both the things will happen because the person who was going to give the information was not employed, his super fisher mileage is fine, superficial observations are roaming around a lot. Na camera ji Neelam has reached the pages of Yes Ji in the market, okay anti-United Nations, okay this one pages because till date Channel Normal 1121 510 I did not even have the taste for so much consultation that in this much, who  The taste will come just by seeing something else and you will open your eyes like [ __ ] Ali, even the foreigners, people are wasting their time in this thing, what is good, there is a positive effect, but only as much as can be done in the first 5 days, it is okay. Obstruction is not suppressed Subscribe Professional Doctor Hosting It's okay, that too Subscribe If there is a alliance then please separate your partner and subscribe And wow, Pandit ji has written the name of the thing appointed by the boy like this. Agreed, please don't do it friend, if you have to put all this in all these things, isn't it okay then please don't do all the very high level justice, a person of that level will take a lot of money, do n't come to me, don't think that I will do my marketing, not me.  I am not only taking astrological consultation and I say have stopped okay Episode 529 Give thanks for free and because free Daily selfie till joke Donation of religious knowledge is considered the biggest donation Very twelve  I will never teach you the points till then, I will teach you as it is during your period, we call it day, it is donation of money, it is Kanyadan, in that way, the biggest donation is considered to be of knowledge, it is considered to be of knowledge, okay then that too.  I will teach you people, are you interested in this? I have done this one after so many days, it is almost the first one to be posted, secondly, I will tell you about such good things, winter season is coming in the capital, take Gandhi with Muslims with hot milk.  This  The kind of knowledge you want to acquire which will give solace to the soul and bring clarity to your life while sitting with your wife and you will be well served with full breast Indian knowledge. Without the development there, why do people become reeds on top of the things that they have missed?  Is it okay, so here you go out of your chest to tell people that you are very good, go to that level and I am not subscribing, I will tell you the same way, I will tell you, I can definitely subscribe to my channel.  Don't forget the issues and if you spread it well then definitely Astro Webinar will write in the comment section. If many people will write about Astro Webinar then I will write next month or enemy some point name APN She did not you sir thank you. Don't forget to share with these people. Do n't forget to like.  Isn't it, your request to everyone is to increase the subscribers, you are my marketing budget, I need real channel subscription and in number, which number is not beneficial for Asanas, okay, people are taking million.  I keep sitting and watching them but no one is there. Case Name: No one is able to impress the society. I have to have Jain conversations by connecting with people in the exam. Thank you.