Hello friends, welcome to astrology series, video number two, today's topic is how astrology works, I will explain it in very simple language with ease because there is a lot of misconception on how it works, no one explains how we have to approach it, so today. Before I tell you on an example, I will use a small 62 world for Destiny of Freeway. It has been used in almost every video of my series, Destiny.  And criminal, the work done as per one's wish, free will and destiny, which is a pre-decided work, then you have to understand the destiny, in which religion you were born, it is dual, it is not in your hands, but once you are born.  Then you live your life, the voice is what decisions you take and how you live your life, the bikini you wear, the free will to see what is in your hands to do today, born in a poor house, born in a rich house, born somewhere  happened  It was not a test, so now we will discuss further. You have to imagine that you have taken out your car and started walking with your wife, who is watching a P video with his wife, with her husband who is married. I have kept the tablet ready.  If you watch this while drinking hot milk with turmeric peacefully at night, you will feel very good and will get a lot of benefit and what is the reason for it, I will tell you in my next end video that brother, I say that you will benefit from this.  Videos Milk is possible, drink milk with turmeric, it will be very good if you watch it while sitting with your wife, then you went out with the car and you started the alarm from the daily, under the influence of India, so who is this project and what is the logic behind it? What is your astrologer? He comes every time on the national highway, doesn't he? He has a board and you understand that you stop the car anywhere and ask the person keeping it to be an astrologer. Brother, this is  If the relationship is going bad then Aishwarya will tell you here is where I am coming from, he also knows where you are coming from, when he looks at your chart, he knows where you are coming from and where you are going.  If you don't know where you want to go, it is in your hand, then you can ask, I want to go out, how should I go, I will help you in that also, but you want to know where, that is for you to decide. If you don't know, then you want to eat me.  The bus has to travel, it can also take Jha because when  If you have gone on the highway then at every half stop you get the message that if you like Gwalior more then go here, if you want to go to Jaipur, go here and if you want to go to Udaipur, go to Ahmedabad, if you want to go to Madhya Pradesh then go left, that is the way for you. Keep coming and the board keeps looking ahead. The astrologer can tell you where you are now, where you want to go, can give you the address itself, and can also tell you about the bed on which you are driving and whether you have drunk alcohol.  having an accident  There is also a chance that he can guide you in that too. We have seen many places on national highways and roads, show us the accident prone areas, drive carefully. Are those astrologers all accidents? But if you are driving very fast at night after drinking too much alcohol in an accident prone area, you need to be an astrologer to tell you what is going to happen to you, then this is the prediction that you will drive the car.  The steering is in your hands, the accelerator is in your hands, you can turn it anywhere as per your wish, you have to use this challenge in the same way, you have to do it for your benefit and you can use only that for benefit.  These are their life hacks but they are living in the same way. Those who know whether they want to go to Nagpur or Trivandrum, they have a complete idea of ​​the destination, on the way they will find people who can help them, but many people are living their life as if they were asking.  Treasure is to go to some good place, have some fun, do something good, now do that good, go to a good place, its definition is different for every astrologer, like yours is different and every person is different, then you Explosive Volume and Share, this is nonsense.  Is there any good astrologer for me brother, now who are all types of astrologers, the next video will be on how to keep a nice good astrologer from an average one, that one is ok, in the next video I will do it well.  Let me tell you here, you have to understand that the control of the vehicle is in your hands, the chances of an accident are always there in this area, there comes a time period, there comes a time in this zone, if you are told that brother, be careful, then that.  Pay speed in that room on time, don't drink and drive recklessly at night. And if you assume that somehow you are already drunk, then there is no treatment possible, then tell your wife, brother, you should stop driving.  And the wife also does not know how to drive. The examples are given in a slightly deeper video according to astrology. Understand that the wife does not know how to drive. You are drunk, so what is the need to go anywhere, park the car and sleep for 24 hours or somewhere else.  The person must have thought fast that bare that Bigg Boss That silence is real That it's per sexy video porn That you can't change that Everybody will face friend lone friend Every friend trouble in angry birds life Highway Robbers Infiltrate Will Define Your Destiny In Date And What's The Free Will Not But I Don't Fennel Show A Little Deeper Video I Hope You've Got A Little Interest In It Slowly Slowly Opening Up The Layers In A Very Best Way To A Very Relaxing Way  If I take it, then we have no fear, full guarantee, log check, it will be understood, somewhere the astrologer has done this, he cannot change the path, he cannot make the highway, they are already made.  Juicing is in your hands, you can only tell that this road is feeling good right now, eyes do it very little, but you will not say now, right now I am feeling good, I will go to this one and the other one.  Pigeon can go that now this birthday is watching it has this mood ahead because only morning after roots idea any all sucking a broad's choice is this and new's which you want to suck then you have a very strong vehicle  If you can read the big expensive one, then you will buy this piece. There are many people who have a car that is so strong, they do not need to ask anyone, your people like this and it's good night giving people Edison.  There is no need to explain the reason for this because half of them are not back. What ever life will provide. Their car is definitely 454. If they subscribe then late night, keep that much enthusiasm. Referee then is freewill.  Let's see the percentage chart of Destiny, how to see, who should go to Sugar, who should not go to Bhimache, that will also be discussed, the serial will be very interesting and will take you people to the logical conclusion, there will be a smile on your face. Share.  Like and subscribe if you haven't already. The plate of Chhappan Bhog is slowly being served. Welcome every health on the channel. Thank you.