Jhal ok good evening to all pappu so that astro result pan cover astrology them simple hard work and matrimonial Avadh express platform and I channel will cover astrological we will cover astrology for whom was astrology made for the protection of bad and king never ment for over to back  The real sense in these was that the common man can never understand it like this, there is a lot of selfishness, my wife is having problems, please fix them, when will my child go abroad?  When will my promotion happen, when will my money come, when will my property biscuits be set up, this resort corner will be reached, astrology will be respected, high fi think and will tell the truth, this is not the point but it is not for this thing, smuggler level file path and no.  Whatever those things were, it was said that Pedestal Liver Anandmayi Life is full of only they miss all that happiness is this Pinus Anand is more Deposit a friend There is no sunlight 6 months Happiness Questions  The word at the top of the page is sunshine, it is also like no, till depression, why do you look awake in the sun? Look at some Pilates numbers and that should be more to enjoy life, for astrology, first of all, come luxury porn models in you.  How many people are there if they believe in astrology then type veemee and food do not believe in astrology then type kurti p ki kuchhiye and satya ticket which makes BB heavy then those who are B are for them.  But then I will tell them good things too and those who don't then please ok ok voted to mean it is too long, some people are nb ok some people are nb ok now he want to ask all of you how many  Of you belief and Narendra Modi ji of this Prime Minister of India that now people will say what nonsense, there is no evidence to believe in Bradman and Willian, then in life both believe and not believe are equal.  Now Sanjay, my work is believing and that means in the city, only then we have to pay the bill, wherever we go, there is no noise, we have to believe, then the note will remain cat and cat, are you understanding? Hi Sir, you know what was astrology and this don't know.  Bond Use This What I Believe in Astrology and I Do Not Believe in God No Meaning and Take This Belief System of State for a Day Giver Astrology's job is to shine the torch on the night when we are afraid.  It seems that when we go somewhere, we cannot see it. During the day, we cannot see it. Everything in the back is scattered, so it is visible to us. Do you know anything or not? Then tell us that there is bright sunshine, motive, believe and ne builder and clear partner. And if you had property, that means you don't have a choice, you don't know it all, When You Say Something, Galaxy Pocket, You Believe It, You Know It, It's Shining Something, and Believing That Tells Me Something's Wrong.  Every aspect of life but do n't believe that Delhi State Capital of India Po no de Villiers Capital of India Don't use this point They never fear and don't even use this world Believe in this thing If anyone has drank power punch then please type  Because the basic thing is that whatever Naidu says, Note Williams and whatever Prabhu says is one and the same, if you are not different then what is the correct understanding, I don't know astrology and I know his.  Promise Dad Seconds I Don't Want To Know Evidence Of Fact That You Want Everything In Left How To Reduce Words Will Eat Bigg Boss 300 Years Ago If The Electric Light Had Switched Off Then You Would Have Been God 25 Years Ago 20 Years Ago Someone Had Thought  We will rap like this, how many people are connected, 323 people, one, I am able to listen to me, I am sitting and I am telling you something. Voice and possibly 2815 years back, if such a thing had happened a hundred years ago, then we would have become God, that means we do not know many things, how it works and it works beautifully with scissors, okay, so different types of knowledge.  If you make this thing basic in life, then if you don't believe, we used to just delete it. Do you want to know its meaning or not? End of datasheet tracking. No one will understand what should be fixed Astrology is the only profession Unfortunately those astrologers got astrology mixed that listen ji the revision is not good Revision may be sugar is not good Doctors will not make you money in medical science if you make any mistake in treatment  Whether this relationship is fine or if the patient becomes something else, then you are a medical person, no one abuses him, it is lighter, no one abuses, you know, it is okay on medical science, hey doctor, it is okay to get useless. If it is like this, but not like this in astrology, 90% of the messages in astrology are like customers, like the public, like the leader, like the public, like the secret, like the public, like the astrologer. So today I want to explain things in a different way and know something. You people are very excited one to 9 this ok are you people accepted that how they should approach first of all what the  Is happening in your life I will tell you very classic example and you should be able to understand you people know what is home loan you people know water slide what is the property you bought property you took on one crore notification year first this - 800 Test wicket you will start you know that is my YouTube channel on this fact because you have taken a house where you want kids and Want to parents want most of the time test unit right no-1 Odisha 215 yes your voice for the loan a what is one provide your voice for the interest rate friends that if it will go down then my ko will get paid quickly in the youth's pitch if my  If I get more money while pulling, then after making the payment, I will burn it aside. Every Mandsaur demand, subscribe, you do n't know for how long, I have to take the picture. Thing is according to Sanatan Dharma is your life past life pure which is the time of karma which is pending data has been repaired in the morning do not know when I will get one with the soul of classical example is two to these stones both when one  Minutes of teachers helped, love was born, stayed in father and mother's house, sales blossomed, everything was forgotten, live turns.  Out to be different that those cases are fine, the quality of the corpse of marriage will be different, everything is different for the people of professional life whereas they all go to the subway at the same time. The only interesting thing about this is that when they were born, they did not have a bank account.  On the occasion of the deeds of being, someone's - can be someone's plus, it can be various and we don't know how many days it is, every time when my cut is there, you are crying, every time you boys came in the car and someone did a small injury.  felt  Seemingly small You want to fight with a good person and create a new crop Longs to think like this channel Ne bassista only through which explains everything into how did she explain With a small child who has done nothing There must be something wrong in life  And it's a dead play, where will you explain it pb2 and what's wrong with that and your something, we have to suffer, dat singh carriage and nifty  60 The Gift He has you dip 5's but can be free from him, by then its pattern has been broken, till the soil is sure, it must have been set in marriage, children, job, job, this is clearly 520 thing, you understand this thing.  I came in this a t-shirt You agree with this Not agree with this See your something in life which you do not understand Product use award Agree or not agree with this for example Israelite you  16162 Shift Says Passed And Maths Practice You Are Able To Understand You Are Able To Understand You Are Not Able To Understand Why Not Able To Understand You Can Watch Sad Agree With This Science Fiction To Answer That Public Will Have To Nirbhay Course Desh Mein Spoon Ginger Powder Just Have Enough To I Want To Play The Best Because Just Linked Down To Me 18 Messages Ahead Date  Off birth, this is my problem solved village, everybody's on this day, 6 meanings, you people are like this, remain closed like this, no matter how much concentration you see, many people can support them because doctor has boil, people directly after astrology.  No one goes in happiness, comedy ghost happened, Naukundiya Yagya became less, I enjoyed concentration bread, pizza, bread slices, purse and want to become a good person, I want to do something for the society, tell me.  In the horoscope or what should I do if it happens like this Not a single Hi Everybody Seems Something good has happened to me If something good happens to me then that I will stop you today in a very best way to tell you about it I am understanding it tell the man Okay, now I am going to explain that thing in detail and with great clarity. Okay, so here you have understood that something is happening in your carrying and our life. So we don't have to cry like if e tell if you all my wife is in maritime side Madurai to table already speed is not possible even after telling so much that it is under control I have told that in this now Meerut is washing utensils and glasses from sewerage peel end home owner this late any mistress this parking soon her boobs first thing out down oil not hurt or shoot just ignore rating break then very moment shiv  Vilas like this, with a little attention, he is a very good and Raghav glass breaking, when very good Samprati country me dick money and good news on the bell and *come, you stop that karma, will you say or not, friend, how is this, what is this  Let me tell you practically, what I am telling you from late, no, it is a superstition, it is fabricated, believe me, it is okay that I told you one thing, but despite this, if the glass is broken and you remain silent for three days.  Look, this is the space of things, this is the fruit of women, so now what is the harm in seeing this, I have told this trick to so many people today, okay, please try it in your life by paying and then I would say, only for three days.  Nothing good happened in it and next time the balance will be broken so I will do a lot of smoking, there is no harm, so this is the thing that I am telling you, I request you to do everything but only one fell.  No because Guru something will have to be destroyed  After or give it to someone for 11, tell all these things will also be fruitful, if it is good in your life, then that is fine, easy opposition, water it will be activated by Astrologer Ninth House in IFB microwave and its virtue is that by removing them  It has been told that in Britain, if you make someone tell that your ghost will burst, then some people will burst, as it is being told that this is the first in your life and can be relieved.  If you don't do it even here then if the situation of unit computer second hand your laptop goes viral then no all idioms then moderate and if you have done any wrong thing then ID speaking then moral speaking to no if one is always respected Sir who knows  This is a wrong thing, there is no leader in this team Vinay, let me tell you that everyone knows this Mercury, astrologers bring horoscopes, I swear to God, this is so.  Khande is a man, either make him understand that you are with me in the broken tree, there are also such examples of skin, we were for promotion in the forties, let's talk about making promotion but I am in contact when I was in his twenties.  20 Yeh Do A Girl Were Hee Quarter Relationship Istqbal And Printed's Hee Diseases Are Not Getting That Is Not Coming And But Is Live In The President  President, why are you talking about him? My promotion, which is the rate of people of Friendship Day, Cigarettes, Astrologers, Madari Madari's game, Money, money will suit me, My moment, your memory, Unfortunately, not people's calendar, these secret, Tensai never take consultation charges, that Grand i10 quarters have come out. Gaya Oye Give Water In Dog Text 10 Cent People Do Not Deserve Any Help From Astrology With And  Give me the truth that they should go through the adaptive works, that darkness is there, Peeperhua Yadav money waste oil hair growth and this quantity, when people come along, then the poor man is left wandering, okay, so are the other swans, gas is in the stomach, okay, but the butt is tight.  Contest with this whenever you want to come and sacrifice your email ID and help me to get the next loot pure which I told you about the loan.  If you have to repay the loan, then if you are facing some serious problem, then that man tells you some remedy or some solution, that serial number, he pushed forward, put antiseptic, who said, give me luck for 6 minutes, as if something has happened in your qualities.  Neither can I give Kirtan, even then 6 Give me luck, but it is Delhi, so people who come very young and come to foreign countries are imprisoned Remedy Revolting Not to go through It's good to do it is the Oldest man-made abilities and astrologers and achievements are considered to have been drinking hot water since Wednesday evening. Now this one is a doctor in some way, some medicine which has side effects but today you have been cured.  If there will be a strip of function then that new age boys will subscribe and all this will get the girls married to the boys and on the other side your expenses will be less and the acid will be reduced but you love toe steel template will remain the same but a little which your  Things are not available Jeans and Top Hundred Thirty Roadways Bus Raj Yoga Nobody Trusts Per Another Thing Which People Sitting on a Life There are questions somewhere in life Organize the country civilly It is a subject that someone will tell what will happen There is nothing in my hand It's okay  Everything is in my hands, there is nothing in it, so you can change it as per your wish, this is also the date between rich and poor and you can have any control but what you do everyday is your free will.  And You Can See A Few Tastes To Every Chart The Free Will Benefit Temples Do Something Very From 3270 Purse The People With Being Personalities And Beat Charts Patience Free Will Is Thirty Percent Hongi And Seventy Percent Is Taste Pizza Boons That See You In All Fingers Me Too  I am God, no matter what I wear, I will find it wearing here on my fingers that this is how my brother's work is done, it's something like someone took your medicine and won, it's fine But thirty percent of them also agree with this weakest link, who is the weakest personality, systems and human committee, so it will be okay with all these things that the same thing will happen again but there is something sour which is from personalities, Mahanti who as they say here, I don't believe.  IS WHAT PEOPLE WANT TO GIVE INSTRUCTIONS IS DIVINE DO NOT GET INTO ALL THE BEST BEAM YOUR FREE FEED GOES ONLY IF YOU DO NOT BELIEVE EFFECTS YOUR HARD WORK COURAGE STRENGTH  Jaspal Junoon, the work is done with that, so when your work is going on, then because you will take this request, then like it, this is perfect, my job is to come and explain to you, Nana, come to him at 230 with 20% freewill, if you become weak, then here  Bed Verma is taking support immediately. What is the work of sugar astrologer? To uplift you, to teach you how to live life and enjoy it. So if you have 70% preval then you 70% is in your hands, District 3030, if still there will be eighty, then how much will that verification be? 3270 If you are husband and wife, she is getting the horoscope, both of them will be strong-willed, then it is simple for them to have faith in Ram, that tomorrow will be all because in this  So if the personality is for a job, then the hair should be scented. If you are also a good composer, then people are matching your Hajj horoscope.  People, many people, many people, I am coming to the Kundli Milan now, I will tell you what people do in the Kundli Milan, you people must have also done this, who among the 36, how many people know that there is peace in 36, type y15s, there are 36 qualities, now this is your  Type your phone address and give it to those who tell interesting things, it is okay, these qualities are sharp, we got 27 votes, we got drinking passes, there is no marriage below 18, but if Ram ji was 36, Sita ji was 36, so what?  Is it ok then you told that how many people know this, tell me whose number is ok, so who has 16, I have been telling for many years that the chest must be going on post matriculation and whose chest is 35, is it ok for someone and 27B, so by me.  Yes, one should not be seen online, it is okay, if anyone has work, it is okay, he is not taking the name of his partner, the marriage is going on, please make it air tight for me that someone is off, okay, I want to ask, there is no meaning in this, this is the number.  Any This is not a meeting, you should think about this matching of qualities at some other time and you, as soon as someone gave 17, the marriage is going very well, no one can have it, now you are going great even with 9, now even with things, I  So the astrologer in the mental hospital breaks down and 12405 ₹ 500 you are walking, understand that you are okay, today look at this software which teaches you this big thing, the software will give you this thing and will give you the information by pressing the button, brother.  Then one has to pay the expenses, it is fine for the ascendant in the horoscope and here it does not do it, there is an apk file, I think that with this you can keep it in your marriage, do whatever devotee says, whereas some people and according to me, everything is semi.  And there are systems, okay, I don't think there is any difference, okay, this is the pattern of marriages, where those who are ready to work for the marriage, only a few go well, where marriage is done with a sense of entertainment. next make me happy  Then it doesn't work. Let's take some desired number in the horoscope, let's tell you how to do metal, today I will tell you through face, something is ok, your face knows everything, ok for 1 minute, you are ok, you guys can turn on your camera.  There are some people and not just like there is one, I will not take name in 100 camera beauty camera, but I want to show you something, okay, he never says normal, babylas, I have turned my face handicapped, who has jointed it?  I have n't done it, people can turn on the camera, it's okay, and how to make cigarettes and Sita on Facebook, don't know that it's okay with diversification, I'm seeing some place, everyone knows your face very well, tell me your past example. You got some tips, are you going to see a new boy or girl, should I see my wife or manage myself for the child, then I am telling you, okay, if it comes on recording, then what will come, there is nothing wrong, I will make the recording.  What  You will become famous. If you do not send me a wrong photo, Sir, then you all look at your forehead, this is the forehead, this is the sun problem in the evening, if the butter is from a new party, then the head is visible, if it is wide then the hood is good, then if it was smaller than some cloth, then this is the sexual intercourse.  You are seeing very much that Chandrakanta's end, that if there was a chair in it, then you are on the path of Russian time, those who do well in real estate or are in real estate or master of real estate, do the best, the path will be auspicious, yours.  Mars check  Do it, if this roti is very good, now see what many people do, I have had one in my life, I have even helped in the morning, to that point, I don't want to make competitors in my life, I have used it till date.  Even such a harvest is fine till today. Well, for the girls, you will see that threading makes predictions because witches fine cook their Venus, do good to Venus without you, everyone has cemented and Venus, so today I am telling you a simple thing. That when you go tomorrow, he is making a girlfriend or has made a point for someone else, you have to see what is right from his face, someone 's face will look like the one who is going to do this.  I knew that Ranjit Singh's role would be tight, even people with daughter-in-law Aishwarya would be looking at us, I knew that it would be visible on the face, it would be forgiven, there would be a gas cutter installed here, that means you must be from India, you saw its use, you saw this cut like this.  You saw the sum of the cut, I will get both these things. Well, those who have this march have been bigger, if they want to have more husband then there will be a fight because if two more minutes are left then put it and it has been opened that do not make them bigger, the phone has increased further.  So till the time of marriage, she kept him slim but when a man starts entering this sector and meets the side of Venus, then he will be kept in his body, okay, there will definitely be a difference in his personality. Add Ho Related  I have added this thing to you, so now I will just tell you that Sitara cannot read in a ghagra, but you are thinking about this thing, now like many OK, the hair is up, one is going from here like this, this one is going there.  So this is the vegetable specification, so now when I am, then I need to see the horoscope that mi4i planet tells that by looking at the face, the desire is there, it is met with great happiness, now like the one whose moon is to be in its moon.  in  It must be feeling that you can't tell his caste. Okay, look at his face. Now, if you don't want to show my mood, then I am a Jat, but from my face, I write Jatni and with my hands, even the fourth part of the people would look like Wardo. Otherwise, friends, I have to speak a little.  If the time is not coming then we move away from him, I would have gone and seen that why Aryan is not ready Ritesh teacher, then he would say face will get it ok Kundus is ok then whoever's mood will be moon will be of silver, right?  to conceal  You will not be able to know the set up, you will do it for 1 minute, if it is made, then you are shy, you are a Pandit, good work also, only he will say sorry, okay, so this is a different very good thing, which is suitable in the ascendant, then late night things, job, both grind western.  Astrology has fooled us by doing this institute, now we call it Indian Astrology, which is our Vedic Astrology, it is not even 5 years old, Western Astrology is fine, our love is our love, which is our ticket, our body, what we do.  Bedi's are very different in this, I am not yours, DP is yours, I too have different branches, Parmesan cheese, which is our speech, let's grind them to pieces, then when in front of you, if you are born, it is today in July.  So you Cancer Cancer landing could not be decided, you are Sun sign organization has very limited toe Moon sign Moon sign pickup important where is the moon but the most important thing which is lag na lagne is that point Manzoor bone then job degree from that place That point was in the East and the Iron tree is the Ascendant, which zodiac sign was that side, that side of yours, your life depends on it, body by default, divide everything there, which important point of women's friend from Moon sign is important point, mind.  The reason is that it is a violation for men and also for women, but these three things are the ascendant sign, those signs in the state and this ascendant and the moon. Including small, well, I want to tell you one thing, why PM of so many words, a man with multi different information and it takes one to one and a half month to get information about any depend, 5260 Prasad, so if you want to know about astrology then one  In one and a half to two months, you too will be famous Astrology Ahead Jyoti Teams Life will go away 820 If even two monkeys are not able to reach then this is the same thing Chartered Accountancy To get your work done tomorrow, Charity Chart of Real Estate You can become multi-dimensional and there will be many Chartered Accountants having 98% of the main but summative notes Income Tax Rules Page Home Loan Real Estate Astrological Relationships Job How to Invest in Use Talks Share Market All the good information about it on top  If someone's rule is UP, then I am interested, then today you are watching something in Netflix, this movie is their own, it is of innocent people, it is not seeing your SIM country, means you are all.  GUYS PEOPLE TO ALL GIRLS NO PEOPLE WANT TO LEARN GOOD THINGS MIGHT YOU GUYS NOW ANSWER INDIVIDUAL QUESTIONS IN GROUP The most important thing in Astrology is to go beyond your chart and knowing what will happen in my throat is important in one's life.  What is the answer and how to connect Note 3 inch because all the pain of price for this triangle is special slap e want to control so if on Russia  Vasu control descended and clean loop control you you want to control your husband celery and Stuart broad for 10 years on notification do something all problem in life is typing to control your up that I morning time experiment go exercise tomorrow office phone control  Lord, control your eating, I will make my own batter, I am perfect, but I have to give it to someone else, I have the maximum woman on the case, it is fine and fame is there for hours at Assi Ghat.  Kundli is ok I people night fall on Thors officer T20 test women was nowhere but 30228 ladies ko meaning ok yagya can also be seen but seems like a hundred percent leave plus ok this also got up today this is yours lemon pressure  Pistol is all this pro, you can set it in this, this is his horoscope, tell me something like this, just never free, any good astrologer does not see them in any other advanced life in  The cities are like doctor, he is your test, the channel to whom you are going, then you are needed, no one else will bring his eye, any man can do a company to him, only you, someone feels a little butter council whose  This is the horoscope, this is stupid, many people keep showing it to their children too without asking them, many people have their own time, now show it to me, to me, 25 people have seen their date of birth and time here, brother, such men also have their date of birth and time.  don't give time You give the ATM PIN of your bank to the people, it is okay, it remains a matter of whether I want to use my Paytm or you will give it to me, the loss on this will be less, the money will be as much as the money stolen from it in the bank, or even increase it further. It is a process which will go through tattoo that doesn't break and like this is the time but appointed teacher by Shankar because the same people have repeated questions about okay career which I tell about your third house of career.  There is one in the loan tent house, you are a very good, very good artiste writer, you can become a person of high level, he is very prominent in your chart, but you do n't know that as soon as you are doing MP in the middle of whatever else you save, then you are the oil in this.  If you go in between and reach lower level things then you will reach your true potential someday, but because no one, today a 21, 22, 23 year old child or you too will not sleep peacefully on anyone. Oye.  Jupiter is not calm so restless prime to achieve something not want in life in this world who listen live life to happen to you do not try to bribe scam reversal very good thing write on your own in the chart you will know by relaxing from the garbage now bye bye  Som where people come, everyone says to me, immediately follow the country's love, but go to this tomato for that, brother, you need a pizza cutter. Go to the country where you have the money, go, Rushenu, whether you are a quarter inch or ke friction ok and you want to go, then my aunt's son is married and in India, I do n't understand what to do, so just Saying boy, what had happened, I also have to go, oh brother, look at the promise of your chart there, where you see, free life, toll free, you will get anything done, anywhere, you can immediately get more company in the country, so what is the big deal, not yoga.  Given  You will go away after eating till then, crying, you will go late, you will leave on the fourth day, the question is that you have to see the score for the sake of it, you have easy genes in your life, so everything should be smooth and comfortable, based on saying on net diet. No, how should my wife be, I have a husband, you understand, I want many people, 822 fees, late lights, now in off record, now I will tell you some different things about loss of money.  If this is happening then what should be done, please tell me something traditional, I will tell you that if we break the line, we also have to take something extra, this cream is the winner of course but since you guys have taken out time to leave likes, then the record in number of requests has been broken.  After recording ok will stop record