Hello friends, welcome to taste series, video number five, video number five in the series of astrology, topic is milk, James Holmes work, Manoj Singh schedules astrology, we are astrologers, role of fennel, in the beginning, I will show you the big one, Badoda Vakya Sevak Dev work, but today I will tell you very simply.  I will explain it to you because there are huge policies on it and I will give complete clarity on it. You have to see that first of all there is an issue of purity of these gemstones.  You will not get the place just like that, someone during Aishwarya's era got it very clear about priorities second thing it is not very easy things to suggest to James, just like that you went to an astrologer while walking and he said Bhai Moonga  Brother, you wear this sunlight pan, take the bread pan, take topaz, I will tell you something, what is there in it, if the ascendant, you people understand that like every house has its own Leo application, there are bars in the horoscope.  If you are a Scorpio, then take Scorpio as the lord of 8000 and eleventh, the lord of which is Mercury, so if someone has done Buddha's house to increase the cash, then only one of his eleventh will be activated, which is good.  House is not considered, if you ever go to do anything then there is a high chance of one thing happening along with another thing, then you have to go to a very educated astrologer and here I am.  I would like to disclaim that this is not my advertisement. As long as my Ashwa series runs till the 31st March, I am not doing any consultation with anyone else and I neither wear gemstones myself nor ask anyone to wear them. These were works for the time being but you have to see this.  Do you travel and work like students? Yes, but can you live a life of throat? What is that life? How long will you live on the streets of students?  You can't, okay, so what is normal, instead of correcting one's thought process, people have worn it here, took a pan here, took a pan here, Mirza is interested that the doctor will prescribe abscondi, then I am a good doctor, if the doctor prescribes that.  Treat your wounds with warm water, eat light food, sleep on time and relax, then tell me this is the fee somewhere and the doctor should write something. Similarly, something like this has been done in Astrology too that till the time you do not get fat,  Buna de hand me till then stay alone in law school, I am going to law school, I am not wearing anything, I have boat responsibility, next, okay, so you have to see that, second, what will I tell you in a particular lieu and Titu yes, take this, after that, visit these countries.  Anyway, it should not be put in because the karma of this birth of yours starts getting skinned, you get older and the story starts after the interval, so if it is above that then there is no need, but if it is in Twenty-20. So it is in this, it may be a request depending on if someone has some kind of blockage or a vaccine, but when I ask most of the people that you have put this, oh that is what mummy told me, why did mummy say no?  If this is a mess, then he said, put this, then these are the things, this is already done, it's something like this is a pain in the stomach or hatred, and someone else has brought a truck, spend the money without this.  If you search for it without getting a CT scan done then note this thing, stomach simple acid, mostly we should be inclined towards chanting and also towards mantra. You have done your Gayatri Mantra, you have got some relief, you have talked about different types of conditions.  I will tell you but by doing them you relax your mind so that I get cured, I have subscribed this Ajwain Indian Astrology and Believe in God Jhalar and Thinking Good Manner Patti Palar Using Astrology for prediction is my favorite, see this, I am doing this, it is okay for me, I will do this, it will be done, so there is no need to talk to my wife for 5 minutes and tell her that there is too much in life and the man who yearns for it. How many people do this in their life, then wear it again to ensure that it is of quality, the process of wearing it in a very good way, according to which thing, at what time, on which date.  All things should be fulfilled, never pick up anything anywhere, carrying a horse shoe, Saturn has something to offer, wore sapphire, wore this, showed topaz feathers and wore one, then wore another, in the second innings, people are facing problems on four-four.  It has not happened, that is their reaction among themselves, now even if you tell him to take it off, he will think that he will say that if he wants to take off his and put it on me, then the district is a healthy DJ system, there is a dip in histology in it.  The people who take you away are like this and the people who make you do this are also like this because tell him straight away that all your thinking is wrong and your upbringing is wrong. If only she could have told him by looking at her horoscope that she is in trouble. This is about this thing, now you come here to wear the gemstone, treat me, fix me, what you have done last week this year, how to whitewash it again, then the spinner can see it but  Chapter: Who is the judge? It becomes difficult to take money from your mouth and call him an idiot, but how many people are there who are ready to spread themselves as idiots. There are very few to improve themselves, if there are very few, then you have to go to the store.  The next person is also sitting there, he will also do something diplomatically, he will do something in the same way, then Gemstone is something that the time has slipped but there is one more thing on it, this is also a support like this, life is based on it.  So the time can pass near the elevator can be the pen button Remember the world and example which means the link and example and who destroyed steroid is in this box you also know that unites life passes time will come to develop a good habits routine do the  Thing That You Do Not Depend On Subscribe Should Something Happen If Nothing Happens It Will Rain Cannot Stop The Rain 6 Better Than  If you go with an umbrella, you will still have legs. It's okay after seven years, so if you approach Suno ji with this feeling, you will approach this recipe from the opposition of wanting to improve yourself and especially improve your thought process.  When you are seeing and hearing me or hearing inside your body, if you are looking at me then that light is going, inverted image is being formed and all that.  You must be aware of what happens in Physics Chemistry, so all the training is happening inside the body, all the training is inside the body, your sorrows, insults, relationships, pain, reactions of not being successful, all that is yours. Operating software is there and changes are required in that software many times and sometimes in between they say that like they have put antivirus and virus that it is absolutely relaxing, the software is doing something, Computer Ribbon Tiger, if this is a bad condition at all then this  all indian  Comment give something and can help in making it not for lips but after that will not come again then how many after that then four here is how much is ok so I hope I will continue the test series in a little bit very small such interesting topics How long do you keep the topics for please keep in the comment section. Want to continue with serious. Want to write. Please do not even continue. Okay, so this.  Continue the series, so I slowly subscribe, it is for you, if someone is taking you away from you and towards darkness and is going towards darkness then he is a wrong practitioner, okay then I will continue on this.  I will make it if you guys write, there is a request. If you liked it, then share it with people. If you have not subscribed the channel yet, you can subscribe the channel. If you were watching the first video, there is a lot more serious in it, it is a family series.  There is job series, there is money management series, there are different topics on real estate, so this is Ignore's channel, also this is watching the video for the first time, thank you are a.