Hello friends, this video is very applicable for those who have bought on Dwarka Expressway last year or the year before that or are also planning to buy now and you can spread this information in your group.  -Those who have bought the gin, they will not be able to make any video, so those who have bought the gin, there is a request to you all, please share this video with more people.  That  Awareness is the first impactful video. Impact must have happened. You must have heard this term cartelization, otherwise Google it. The airline company is said to have increased the ticket prices by working together. The general public at Aam Ghat always says that this is the lobby of the builders. These builders are all like this.  The builders have done it like this, now let's do it all separately, today I am meeting the public and I am saying that you have bought Shapoorji Hero Homes Godrej Meridian Shobha City or by adding four or five more names.  It is okay that you do not sell, do not sell in resale, do not sell at all, even if you are getting a higher rate, do not sell, sit at the price which is the latest price given by the builder, you can join me for pricing the latest price which has been given.  That's where your price is, now you guys will speak or others will say like this, this is the old one, this is the latest one, you will get 2 years' time in this, 3 years' time in this, this is the current position, you rate it, you have rated it. Why can't even the heroes read the good villagers from whom the people of Rohtak read something they love and should learn from? Then it becomes a matter of whether someone buys it or not. Hey brother, I have bought so much that there are some compulsions or issues and arrest points in someone's house. But we will discuss them, it happens in the transaction, people receive it, nobody is, the truth is that I am giving huge knowledge ahead, such people are smart, is there any restlessness, anyway, everyone knows the express.  You people took all the tension that when will these houses be built or not, will the expressway be built or not, all the risk is yours, the man who is now and the man who is there now should be happy with that Karhar element which was there two years ago, one and a half year ago, was two and a half years ago.  It is much less than that because now it has started appearing that brother, it will be done in one and a half years, so why do you people want to give him advantage, now when you are seeing the structure built, the builder has built the entire structure now. She has to wear lipstick, nail polish and nothing else, who is makeup, just nothing else, all that is standing on her and that will happen in a year, so this is not the time to get a good citizen second, this exit world speaks in unison.  The best land parcel of India has arrived. It is the best performing real estate market of the next ten years. Where will you take it? Wherever you go, there will be a rate and this rate will not be there. Believe it.  Someone bought shares of HDFC Bank. You got ₹100 debt many years ago and when it became ₹300, that brother sold it and went away and bought something else, then bought something else, then bought something else, how much is it sitting on now, so brother, this is HDFC.  13 1405 Gaya, this is also increasing, every time you do a new transaction by taking edit, brothers and sisters, urine tax, GST urine tax, DCIDCU, you are well in tax too.  Registration cost, so whoever is sitting here, go through that registration mode and things will also cost you for six cents to the government, whatever you have to pay, stay here and stay here, they are going to leave with the rate which I had predicted in the express.  -Way's rates that it's already ahead forget the average no 6060 till 6000 some people are saying right now they are snow thousand  Which Marg Vivaah builder brand is less than Rs. Write it in the comment section. If you are getting less than A square feet per square feet all-inclusive rates, don't waste it. This is the rate, this is the trick, this is DCB, this is IDC.  There is also some PLC, there is also some tasty, there are some position charges, there are some legal charges, there is also interest, Twitter is also free, internet security is also satire, we all give this only, our dreams, our father gave us all. If we give you this area by crushing all these, dividing back and superhit, then the rates are still big. Moving forward on the same path as before, which begs the question in relationships, now the element of risk is less and rewards are even more, so this point.  Of time even now they need money which everybody has because if like which product like a brother has just done 1608 on golf course extension today.  I have a man who is plastic in the messages and his messenger was 15000 15 days 20 days ago, before that one and a half month ago he was 13 thousand, okay so the journey of 13 to 16 because it is a mature market, now he is McGraw, he will be 17000 also, he will get married.  In a month because as the inventory decreases, as the flight time increases, if you catch a flight from Delhi to Mumbai, then the last tips will be very expensive.  If you get the rate then that algorithm is set to 100 that Dwarka Express people, the big money you want to earn will not be there in your life 2023 2000 24 2012 Why were you set will sleep well Okay then hold your seat and sit comfortably at the good rate Sit peacefully, if you want to tell the world a good rate, if you want to sell it, then whatever is the rate, the builder is saying the rate, if you want to rest, then say more than that.  You don't have to sell, this is what happens in the Play Store, everyone enjoys the fact that the transaction is less, many patients have taken so much of me, and on top of that, a man follows him, then the rate increases, then people abuse him, then you get this.  Video: Many people are feeling that they have not bought it, so what is he doing, in which he has taken it, at the same time, the time also comes for the public, the builder has sold as much goods as he had to sell, he is selling as many introductions as he can to you all. looking at individual benefits  Right, hold on to the ones you have taken and this inventory that is left is only 10 to 15 cents left. If more than that is left, then you can write in the comment section below. I had made a video in which I had mentioned the under construction and ready to  When I moved in, many people wrote in the comment section that you did not even calculate the rent, so it was my mistake to be active. I kept Dwarka Express in my mind. It was only when that video happened.  Made because there is no light on Dwarka Expressway, right now there is dust and dirt, although the cover is Rs 28,30,000, their price is 3 BHK, ok, don't tell me, go to the enemy, there is rent, but this front is a suppressed rent of a big one, it is still dusty. This front is in the mud, just imagine, how much will the rent increase further, the rent will also increase, now Dwarka Expressway is at the inflection point, liveable, bright, fun, everything is fine, potholes.  The road is not built below, it is built above, it will take one and a half to 2 years to cry, speaking in Express, Minimum will go, speaking in one, I am speaking in, but even in under construction, if those are taken and there is a position to be held. Keep holding their own, many people, I know who will get the opportunity of cent percent registry on 5, and also the settings, we thought to give profit, will be happy selling that is the cockroach cartoon note sell and don't What is the device to be immersed in my listening contact? Many people will be using it right now on the laptop floor which will be found on Dwarka Expressway. When there will be many people, brother, I will take a lot of profit for less. Now our time has come, it is okay when Page 204 Awards and Juice  Life is more, ok Radisson, 12 thousand rupees square feet in 2 years, just calculate what is the rate you are getting, they will say low 12th, only then they will buy this.  Vansh has happened, he does not talk about this dam. Talk about this. The square feet rate of AC-2 is Rs 12,000. If you have a watch and you can enter it with the key, there will be many such products. Which products will be there in the next two years?  If you tell me, I am telling you the rate of AC 2, I am telling you according to the super area, I am telling you all-inclusive, do n't add anything else to it, it is okay, then the rate will be Rs 12000. How much are you running on it? Do your own calculations, okay, 2 years in 2 years, that is, when the elections will be held again in May 2014, in this, the results of those elections, what a day, if you catch the first June, then on the first June 2017 floor, AC two tier branded player in Dwarka Express. Madhavan Construction I am telling all this otherwise people will try to link the rates of Indiabulls Central Park and the rates of Central Park with this, their worth will increase and that too will increase. Lame horses, these lame people, all of them are running away. They will all run away. So, I will not give them their devices because every person makes one of his own. It's okay and you are giving it to whoever's device. I am not selling it to you at all, not for the sake of excitement. I have taken that, I live in the UK, there are many people living in the UK who are very in touch with me, okay, I have taken the key in Europe and the US too, let's do the next one, while playing, we will not get to play so many games which  You don't get to play in Delhi, right?  No, launches are not available in Delhi. You know, if we launch in entire Delhi, then even four will not be available. Okay, so here also the program will end one day, which will end in 5 years, but it will end here too, otherwise if you focus on Ireland. Cute Everybody, there is a new project coming next month also, there is no space left for chanting for ten to twenty seconds in this segment, there is also a mention of terrorism for eight to ten seconds, it will take seven to eight years for the complete handover, so 2030.  If you look at the things that are going on since 2018, do you know which projects are there and which 10,000 will be completed by 24th and if they are completed by 25th, then it will take a year, so there was so much fear and apprehension of people about whether it will be built or not.  To eat the bread of the one who fulfills that fear, it is beneficial to have five sites in this project and you will see appreciation every year. The rental will be seen at four percent of the original price at which you had entered.  That both are 2% somewhere. Hey Jai Guru Sakshat Para. On this, if you create a can from it, then at that juice price you had bought four news pages printed, the cost of fund will remain elegant, you know, it will be meaningful till six and a half water, if it increases then it will be 7. Income tax rebate will be there, plus capital appreciation will also come, so if you remind both the things, then nominal GDP growth of the country will be divided into GDP growth, real GDP growth plus  Inflation, read that you will pass the next 10 years. My prediction is that for Dwarka Expressway, there is no need to sell it anywhere. If anyone makes a video of those who have taken it, then tell me. If you want to like me on this thing, please do so further.  Like city and Ajmat sitting, all the WhatsApp groups are formed, I know people's ki bhaiya my tower wise bane me, people's ok tower I know I am not supposed to do service rifle, if everything is fine, if you don't understand then those groups are formed.  If you have made it, then share the video. The percentage of people who will understand the point is that it is my request to do the erection as I have told. Those who have bought it and have understood my point, please write this and those who are going to buy it.  Those who are going to buy, have to buy now, but if you understand the matter, then give gas to the soldiers, if those who buy have understood, and if they write like this, that means they have understood, then the comments that will be sent to me in the Urilizer comment section, then I will feel that yes, so many people have been papered over.  So  Because you are watching the video till the stage, you have understood that it has been taken and we have understood that we will hold it for the next 2 years, it did not seem real because I snatched the sugarcane, first bring the sugarcane, first grow it, then brother, the rains come.  The temperature will drop, it will dry up, what will happen, you have taken all the trouble, you have taken all the trouble, the sugarcane has come out strong and good, you have cleaned it, then peeled it, now the time has come to extract the juice of the sugarcane, so the sugarcane is molded four times to get the juice.  So, will you complete it in the first time, put this in the second time and send the cheque, it can be postponed two more times and some other lot sir will come who does not want to put in any hard work, did not take any risk, did not take any report, took samples from where.  I am coming to explain to you that this is my you speak, even the sister should understand that you took all the risk regarding what will happen in the fields, finally now if you have to fill a glass of sugarcane juice, then it is ripe and ripe.  You will catch someone else, you should not catch him at all, you have to keep him and the brother who hits the spot on the spot, also see that you are still getting the rate from the builder, it seems fine and this resort seems fine and the calculation seems fine.  Yes, money is for time, understand it as money, decision-making will become easy Pintu and * understand the city, friend P * * * 2.8, understand it as one 125, in that alone you will get a lot of clarity that friend, so much love goes so much calculation.  It will be a tough math and those who are in disbelief and what will happen if the rates have increased, then wait for 2 more years, it's okay because when it comes to Delhi, the day it gets connected, it will be like hell and it will be a positive tsunami in a way, because people will be worried about this. How will we run again? The day Dwarka Expressway will run, within 3 months, 20 questions were raised. First there has been a surge. After running, I am telling you that today we started and there will be another surge of 3 months. 5 years Pranav.  Regretfully, Golf Course is not an extension, Golf Course Road and I speak in a very conscious manner, I do not get any intoxication like this, I have never got it done, it will beat the chords of the road, okay, Golf Course Road is ready from there also, brother, the expressway is very wide.  Now you have to start working on your service road in Haryana Government, then when that service road is also visible, it is fine on both sides and then in the expressway, it will be visible that there is a 50 meter long runway on which you sit, right?  50 meters seems big. Sometimes while taking off, you are sitting in LIC. Okay, if you look to the left, then Dad Somi, it is three times bigger, three times, it is quite big, and it will look very grand and good, and those who have taken it are six tight, thank you.  A