Hello friends, this is a very interesting video topic and what the son is doing, this is a very deep video, it will force the society to think and I am telling something according to the sons, it is not applicable on daughters, why is it not applicable to that extent, you will know this question.  It is very deep and disturbs many people, that is why a lot of pressure is being built up. One purpose of the channel is to act as a pressure cooker whistle that in your life I want to be the pressure cooker whistle which it  I will do it okay, so at the end of this video, if it happens to you, then write in the comment section how will you write SHC, it is okay, yes, it is done to you, it is okay, so this can happen to anyone, even if your child is a boy, you are 1415 18 years old.  22% of this year's winnings is very important for the gangsters as well. This pressure is so much, is n't this the marriage market and what else is Adviser doing because no one is angry about how much money is your son earning?  Which becomes a very personal question, Director Jhala has been confirmed but they say that you tell me what he is doing, I will do it for him or I will do it extra flat because the focus is so much on what he is doing that he needs to tell something to the people.  It is necessary for you to understand what I am saying. This year's 22 year old can also do a job but if he is not doing anything then he will say that he is doing post graduation or he is preparing for IAS or he is preparing for competition or something.  A stage comes when the parents feel that they want to tell you what you are doing but there is a lot of pressure on the child, you do something and basically do something so that we will say that if you are doing this, then it is the best government job. Our officer has got us, we have gone for training, we will get that opportunity, this is very big, there is great peace in the life of the prince by saying that ours is doing this, you should not focus too much on doing it, if the focus is on earning money.  If the child is doing some work then told that  No, it is taking so much time and doing so much work and not one is doing 25, 25 works can be done where 10, 12, 15 thousand are coming for one work and if you multiply the work by 2025 then it is a Jugaad of two to three lakh Chawla. Such things can be done, you will fry and make a list ready made or not, I will not make that the PM has to bring conviction to you people, my media, my media, will tell you that.  It is possible that many people will start doing such work and those who have become doll decorators, you have grown up, okay so what are you guys doing, the message to Paris is Please subscribe and dont, it has not started and you have to send your child to 18 year old boy.  This thing is for the girl, but the girl's family will still say that we are an educated person, he will do their work, what alarms have I set that he will get it done, meaning we have done the work, meaning your daughter will work, so she is medium to you too. You  Thank you to the daughter, if a girl in India is giving the money she earns to her in-laws, then tell her husband to spend it on himself in 1969 and if he did it well, then it was very bad, if no one gives it, then some boy tells his uncle.  wants money ok you guys just stop with this thing pain is subscribing here and what is gaurav doing so late it is good he is not good he got very good marks in the test so tension very good marks gh People who are even worse than the name have understood that these people have very good numbers about themselves subscribe this video subscribe please don't see that thanks where your child does not have investment and I can explain very well with the example  Well, you all support me, how is the leverage, I will tell you, a house is being built, like in Gurgaon, you have to build a four-storey house on a plot, then a person works there, who is called a laborer, he is called a lever.  So what is Level doing, he is giving his 8 hours, Salman is picking up and he himself gets the broom, so now he is selling his time and if Raghav works for 20 hours, he will get paid for 8 hours. If he works for 20 days, he will get paid.  If we go above, then subscribe for the contractor contractor and after adding the subscription, if he is waiting for a product, then only he went to him and caught that it is Meghnad, that the young man and he has many sides going on. So now you will start understanding the leverage. It is very important for the parents because only there you will know how to do what. Libre is using it and which are above it. A small developer who has created this has managed to earn money for himself.  He pulled it, now he will mark it also and subscribe to the tractor, but the curd of the brain now scans the plot of 10 to 15 minutes whether he is building a tower, so about him and getting clearance for it.  There are many contractors too, so till now he can earn more money, who is above him, he is this superhit fund manager with whom thousands of people are associated and he is investing and he is investing in different products.  I tell that developer that twenty percent stake, thirty percent is clearly his motor race, he can also take stake in the ready-to-make or yes, which Reed thinks is okay, so as you keep using the leverage.  Only then will you become rich in life, so when you quit your job, what are you doing, son, if you are preparing to sell your time or are preparing to make input equal to output, see, the input in life is so much and  The input output can be taxed, the heart can sleep, this one can sleep, if you are a customer care service person, then you have to call zero, you have to call and attend, that input output, but if any 1 inch smart engineer starts then that one.  One such code you can do everything  He may have created 100 million dollars in value in his company by adding value because he made the thing such that he had the knowledge so now he will go a little deeper that it is a job, it is a job but how does he create the code, what is this?  If he doesn't keep the company poor then the company will give money to Sintu Dubai Begum Helipad people for example who are your C News etc. You should understand the deliveries. One is the CEO of this company and one is someone else. If I want this 10 percent, what rate is more expensive than this guy, then I can buy it if the company is worth 1 lakh crores and 10 cents, if there is clarity then it is worth 10,000 crores, if it is saliva then it is 10,000, there is clarity of one crore.  If he goes more, will he get 20 crore more wings? Will he not get more? All these are things of leverage. A little bit of this may be MBA type and a little heavy. According to the Times, but when I want to know whether you guys are able to relate to it a little bit, the audience is our mothers and sisters, if that is the case then I am going to go over some things which are housewives but  I want to ask, my big audience of 3055 people, do you understand what I am saying about how to use language in your life and not worry about it? Ghrit is important, vehicle robbers are there in life, what else does a child do? Teacher is not sexy to hear but if he is an intelligent teacher, he has command over the subject and has recorded his videos and explained in every subject like a physics type of police.  If there is, then make a recording of the police, then this moment of inertia, then this and then he did this. Thank you. If anyone knows Meghnad like this then please subscribe to him. Appointed 15000 recordings, try now I teach 20 lakh children, Saira can take it forward, when crores of people can see one man's picture, then they cannot read from one man, next pimple please go for this point, crib scans start.  Told from Deep topic, which will be understood completely till the end, connect the dots, I will tell this bread to Papa soon, she can only use template and subscribe, she can make WhatsApp different pictures as per her wish. So today's word is, there is a lot of room for leverage, ₹ 3 lakh, ten thousand rupees, by adding 10,000 rupees, it becomes 10 lakh, the liberation front, this video list, if you decide to shift, use oil, be happy, you mean, umbrella wala, you, you, you, you mean, in the comment section.  If you write then I will be happy and subscribe. Earning money can't give you the next day or happiness ca n't be given the next day. It's just a time pass. According to the under root, thank you.  you very much