Achcha ok Ajay Ko Ko Ek Ok I will be our instrumental models and to 22 Is Vansh Availability Wife and Second Space Rate Neglect Dr Two things will help you in the decision making A few aware of things exist in this world Agar jo cheez pata hi  If we don't have it then they can't fix it then what is availability pipe? You have to make any decision in life. Decision-making: How are big decisions made? Buying a house, getting married, taking a job, having children, these are four big decisions, what I have told you, rest we will discuss after the recording is over, due to which the big decision has to be taken, but there are four big decisions.  We do the decision-making on these, we only go by the information we have, just released antivirus, for example, smoking cigarettes causes cancer and diseases, but if you have the availability, please tell us. One of your donors lived for 101 years and he used to smoke cigarettes and beedis, so in the debate you can forget that nothing like this happens, different from if you do something different from if you say something while ignoring the benefits, I told you, but your availability is 22 that in Haryana.  You only know Guddu who used to stop by File G and daily and smoke cigarettes and do videos like Sultan and Rule Picture, you won't tell why he used to eat desi ghee food and water the fields.  Robert Clyburn lived in pollution or did not take stress. There are also other tractors that you will delete so that you have information to argue that this can happen in every decision making if the nearest to your house  If you have been diagnosed with debt among relatives on the first features, then if you are a girl and are having the same spots as a girl, then your chances of getting Ajay Saini are set. These boys are all useless.  If any girl cheated on you, misbehaved with you, broke her heart, then you have that information. India's divorce rate is not changing even by a click. It was weak till 3 months ago, it was six months ago, but your  If three or four drops have come out in your friend circle, if it has come out in your relations, then this is such a tree, tune is also having so done, so this is one thing that you have that information, why were the girls not a good thing after celebrity, what is there in this?  Information is easily available and we do decision making on the basis of that information. We have to do big decision-making in life and we have made huge investment in Shahbuddin Properties share market. We have to do such things even for those who have difficulty in information.  If we want to achieve it then we have to get information about beggar job and maybe and concerned man, we have to keep such people close to us who can help us about marriage, about life, about property.  Giving information about what is happening next in jobs, what is happening now, availability 22 is to be avoided because parents have 24 relatives, people whom they trust and they are the ones who give it to the child. Today's children of 18 to 14 years of age who are creating more problems in the fields do not have much interest in that 13 inches, if the parents have something going on in their life. Children have player availability, so the friends who talk to each other share their knowledge. A series is also going on in which the children in Kota show how much care they take for each other and the level they have is their level among themselves.  There is not much difference between life and death, but we will take the decision on the basis of that knowledge that if you are a good friend, you are saying this, then I am this voice to you, whatever life and body is active, if you grow up, if your children have children, then listen to them now.  is middle age  Be 30s free that we have to fix the information endlessly do n't learn it becomes different type but definitely we have to take 19 trick picture not giving on a basis not attached to anyone present rate flat book base rate mine * and theirs  The example was paper, they chase it, base rate packing, that is 38 per thousand people, how many incidents happen that people think like this in America, research is done, that is why America does not go to America and they have feelings.  The data that is there is the base rate, doctors and medical science mostly go on it at a spade and the specific thing is that if we give this medicine to a thousand people then there will be a reaction on one person, if there are two feet in the office, then we go accordingly.  If there is even one marriage in his house, he will destroy it, then that is not correct. Keep it correct, first of all, we have to see the base rate, if thousands of marriages are taking place, then how many are being broken. Like when this came, people said that  Almost with certain community becomes based, if according to western style dandruff trot right now in my life, there is fun in making sick judgments. Cons: In recording, we can talk at only one level, talk openly, recording will all stop, if I do it then base rate. Now let me give you an example and it is also ready to type. It is okay to admin Harvilas' live questions and see it.  In weather you understand cases, the victim has done it, okay, he is about to drink, okay, you tell me, okay, a man is listening to the previous song, and it's from Mossad, okay, fun, you know, okay, then play music, okay or  You stop him first beautiful little English type something beautiful verification okay so he is thin and he has a pair of glasses this is his body structure I am telling him he has an end in the chest and he is thin and he is English fonts opinion okay  There are three things, English Songs, he is thin there and he has glasses, it is okay, then you, that person is from Delhi, then there will be four things, one is a person from Delhi NCR, who is thin, he is wearing glasses, he is okay and is listening to an English song, OK Delhi.  So you have to select from these, this one is he, he is a physics professor or he is a truck driver, then this truck driver is the profit professor of physics. Answer who is the village? So do it quickly, everyone.  Look, if you don't do it, then it will not be fun. This physics professor is a heavy truck driver. Okay, okay, okay, sir. Everybody needs transfer. Physics professor. Still people are giving him roast. I can't see by admitting him in hostels.  Take this much beating newspaper because if I don't tell then you people will think that this man is teaching fashion, okay then Badi Singh infection quarter is okay, maximum's answer day is absolutely truck driver in Delhi r20 times  More than Physics Professor and I 5010 Smooth Chances of Endangered Truck Driver in this kid mode but you have typed zero that if you have glasses then you can't be a driver English song Driver can't because he is a truck driver Ok the message is going from brother Talking about mathematical properties, Hafiz Saeed is also used in decision-making. Physics professor is speaking in a roundabout way. Teacher is not speaking.  Physics professor Dil Quick CR has very few drivers as many as live here by truck. End 2015 Times but urine was that they do it to you availability 22 what so that the diseases which wear glasses and a few poor people are better They wear clothes, they will do like this, this is 22. Look, there can be debate in this, people will do wall, it is a different matter, but I will tell you 22 about it, we do not hold these bikes at the base rate, but another example.  Let me tell you, okay, then I am not going to vote for you but I am going to put it in the estimated about five notes. Okay, I will tell you in the same way, there is a lottery worth one crore. Okay, there is a lottery ticket worth one crore. Stop it. Okay, and how many people are applying for it.  There is a holiday like, people buy its ticket, okay, 50 lakh people buy its ticket, and in other lotteries, they buy tickets worth only 5 lakh, but out of 1 lakh people, you can buy only one ticket, what are the chances?  So, they have to give the forms for the exit of 5 lakh vehicles, but whenever you ask someone, which I have done many times, I tell them about my relatives, most of the people go to one room only at the meeting time, that part is not easy, that much problem is there.  I will further discuss the two topics in the beginning why the faces were deprived. These topics were written below in the message I had sent to you so that you too will discuss the zone. We have learned these two things and on the basis of this we will discuss further.  That we forget the base rate, we say that the plots are looking very barren, I feel that the plants have eaten too much, I don't know how many are lying vacant and they are not vacant, that's why they are closed, I don't know how many are being watered. How many people are there to prepare? If 10,000 flights are being made, then not four people but 40,000 people are needed to fill them. If 40,000 people are needed, then we find you sleeping at the railway station. If it is okay in India, then Anup Singh, the people at the railway station are sleeping.  Those who will run away from time, English counting center is 40 jump, it is not one crore, then cutting planet is found in our country, oh one crore people are looking for it, okay, then hold the base rate on that, evidence for recording inside, help carry forward, okay. OK OK OK Software recording is a record of vacancy for recording President Topics OK I will continue at this base rate Waits one second