That Hello friends, this is a very interesting topic Availability Violence and Gurgaon Commercial Real Estate Normally I was telling it through mental model but you were telling it academically, I have added it with a real piece and example to make it interesting, so now let's see the dress.  Will definitely get his application. To know the status of the accused and Gurgaon commercial real estate, you will find it interesting in this video. I want to ask you in English.  The reason for starting in is that the words that Third Third brings are subscribed, this is the third number of subscriptions, there are more subscribers, write in the comment section, I am posting, you do it, okay yes, the answer is that it comes on third number.  The words having 'K' also start with 'Almost Time' which starts with the first 'K' but most of the people move towards 'K' because see, ' recollected' helps you in remembering faster.  If so, do you think that this is the amazing picture of the world which comes to was very easily, that examples, which comeback comes to horse very easily, what is actually happening in life may be different, like say example, hey the word waist will work, people will eat outside. People will always travel, the rental is good, most of the exam wings are there, the biggest thing in this is that it is available. Information which is even harder to get, we do not do decision-making on the information which is very hard to get, the unique information which is easily available to us, we do decision-making on the information which does not require much effort, so this thing is called the English term Devi.  Availability by the way, it's something like you went to a wedding, ahead of you, you went and ate food there, there is Exotic Continental, if you can't see it, then you stop.  On the page, the first thing you did was to lick the stomach for the sake of papdi, which you actually used to take only electronic every third and fourth day, then after that comes the cigarette, the availability was 22, that's all I could see, no one told me that much.  I did not reach out and say, "Hey brother, go and see if this has happened to you or not. I go to how many levels and explain the examples. For this, likes are generated. I am requesting you all to like this video and I will tell you about it."  That's how you have to avoid validity bike. First of all, you should search for information which is hard to find. Secondly, interact with people whose words do not agree with you, that is, they do not agree with you, their words do not agree with you, but in this girl thing.  That You Have Too Come 10 Tube People Who Think Differently From You People Such Experiences of Life Are Different That Your Particulars Experience will remain, find those who are not there and talk to them, they will get fresh input from different sources, Dainik Vikram, a very easy point, tractor tractor decision is now in the dress, information commercial will do well, difficult information, what is it, how much waist is it running, how many men.  How many foot falls are there, how long will it take to scan people's patterns, what will be the consumption patterns, what will be the alternative sources, put it everywhere, one lakh families around  So this commercial came one life family around this came one life family around or one life but affordable came in that in the shop I don't like the familiar Ram-like whole one leg family How many times will a person comment that it is not like this or this thing in isolation  Come, no one has ever come to you and only these families have only this choice to go to this very building and do shopping, only then can you understand what is the quantity and quantity.  How much will be the cash plus, how much will the business be, how much will be the margin, how much will be the profit of that business, how much of its share can be given as a print, so it takes a lot of care in all the calculations and the second one is the investment and thinking in Gurgaon commercial real estate. You know RSCIT S is an alternative investment in real estate which you can do commercially without taking much risk and your portfolio can be completely diversified. Do you know what happened?  If you want to know what happened, you will write Solve REIT in the comment section, then I will definitely tell you more about it and which are the listed share REITs where you can invest up to Rs 50,000, 20,000, 10,000 lakh in commercial real estate and you can know their returns.  They are saying and what is their profile where do they also start shooting money in gurgaon real commercial real estate when you can also Put Sampath in Bangalore Real Estate Samman Pune If you are doing well in your office in Hinjewadi, then the fund manager will invest money there, he will not enter the property but will buy the property, their words were to follow the example, I am telling you, DLF has developed this house of Rs. 1.25 million  Towers Dealer Tarzan Tarzan Accused Builder Who would type as soon as a good thing happens Subscribe Talk on our office which is the topic and which is very good creation  If you do it then it shines well but it does not mean that by taking the responsibility of sharing you, the big players will set up this small Musaddi Lal Subscribe and also listen to it, if one person gets it then one can cry a lot but no commercial  You can cry availability off don't go now first go to the mall then they are lying empty don't go there is high spirit retail it is not running and it is coming 80 empty bays are lying and it is written above all the shops that coming soon  Feedback to traffic Coming Soon This Brand Sketches Coming Soon Coming Soon Do Coming Soon Coming Soon too I have been studying for 18 years Okay someone Coming Soon This is everyone's name photo is placed here Coming Soon Haldiram Coming Soon Bikaner Coming Soon This Coming Soon Everything is everywhere  The place has been set like this and now a new story will be told on this plot's diet, this is the latest dance, so you will see a very clear video on such a plot.  If you want that the truth of the SDO plot should not be taken then first of all tell it clearly then you should not take it at all, the voice will be heard to them too, do so much construction, it will be so many feet, but if you get so many feet, then it is not like this, Edison, that tweet is this  Week example of amazement, everyone has given you so much information in worldly affairs, this policy can also be used if you want to do commercial, that is, it is written in school, egg plus triple A rating, complete appointment, soon this  The guy has kept aside this no individual subscribe is the message, all these obstacles are bad, if everything is not there then do n't take it from everyone in life, not everything is bad, not everything is good, what are the advisory experts, what are these activities  Do n't want to talk about food, you can eat sometimes, sometimes subscribe. How did you like the video of the commercial activity, which you guys liked very well. Write in the comment section if you can easily buy it in Papa's Team India, then it is like this water, now you can buy it for Rs. 10,000, Rs. 20,000, you can buy it for very low price by subscribing to them. If you want information, you will get the information. Subscribe. Do it now, I have done it, so if you want to know, then give me your unit. If I get 100 REIT Essentials in the comment section, you can  Video on these will definitely be made and please pimples rate people you should to people withdrawal subscribe our YouTube channel not subscribed tailing returns and not indicated subscribe ki roti bhi koi achha mein trapped I would say that these pictures will also happen  So it means that the chances go, it is not like that because in that I explained very well to the second example year what Survive Worshiped by Survivorship 22 is.  Whatever is left, show it. I told you with the help of such a good example. You all have come to my decision-making series. You are watching. In the decision-making series, I have told only and only, you can speak it in MS Word, see how much.  It was not working well, what happened to them if they were lying there, then we took the risk. Shoulder Airtel provide you to my channel. Subscribe to Invest Ashlok Dakshin team. The team is fine and it is due to availability that the traveling public has not run out of money.  Had it been less, then God gives it, this is also a truth, it creates a fear that someone might feel bad, if it is my money, then you have not got the income from anywhere, now you think, what to do with residential, commercial is mine at 9.  You will get cent for the percentage because you cannot earn by doing a job, you can also earn by doing business, you can earn through internet, if you want to earn only specific money, then this is what you have got, right, Lakshmi Maa Lakshmi ji has to live where Saraswati ji and Ganesh ji live.  While gathering for puja, pimples are needed and needed only then Lakshmi ji, Lakshmi ji, you raised this video, share it, like it, thank you.