Hello friends, this is a very important topic because it is a complaint of many people, it is a complaint of the elders and the children have to listen to this complaint and the children are also worried and the elders are equally worried, okay and that topic is that the children do not want to meet us.  This is hurting me a lot, I am coming to see the real issues of the society, according to me, no one is making this content on YouTube, so I want you guys, if you are watching for the first time, please subscribe now. Because a lot of content has been put in such a way that you will get the taste after watching it, then we will adjust it. If the children are watching this video, then please send it to their parents or put it on WhatsApp family group or somehow send them the channel secretly. Many children do not have the courage to forward my videos because they think that if their parents go to Bada Maa, Bada Maa will go to them, but maybe I can teach you something like this, maybe your point will be made. With this fear, there is victory over fear, so the topic is that if the children do not come to meet, then you have to see two-three things which the parents say that when you were on their stage, how many meetings did you go to, how many did you go to meet on your time, then when  Your mother used to write, like I have seen in many cases, government officials working two jobs, the rest of the people, by the time the letter came to you that the calf had become auspicious, it had become Jesus in the village, his leg was broken, which was the joint of his leg.  would have finished  By the time you got that letter, time has passed from you, what is happening today on WhatsApp, is it coming in real time, what happened to your father, nothing much has happened, but why would mother keep it with herself, she will tell immediately, everything is fine.  The era of instantaneous has come, which means that fights are bound to happen in the case of a couple, but in the cases where the new couple is not fighting, you are the one who suits the parents' fight, not the one with the next generation notice.  Listen to you, what is your father doing, see what your mother is doing and then it happens that whether it is a son or a daughter, they do not come to meet each other, sometimes come and give us what you want to see, I am addressing the elders and the rest who are in this guilt.  I am worried that we are going to our parents and teaching them something too. Friend, tell me one thing. Who is the elder or who is the youngster? Who has to do a job, who has to raise children and how to pay fees and how to make the bus happy.  Is  Have to make a career, have n't even bought property, have to play lion's market, have to keep your group happy, maintain social nerves, is she free or are you free, is she so busy in her life, so what child have we raised, do we have any time for ourselves? No, hey, why don't you give me time? Please, don't you go to them? Hey, I am going, brother, I don't feel comfortable with them, why don't you feel good with them, now they have two rooms like this, what else?  Then don't cry from your comfort  If you love too much, you are selfish, then it is okay, you are your selfish, you are your selfish, you are your own, Dehradun 's Haldwani's Shubh, Rohtak's Jind's Kaithal's Jahangir's, cry in small lions, parents will read my big code, Rohtak's came out of my mouth, what by mistake? What will you do, if you have to, then like all of you channels. If it's okay brother, if he doesn't come, then you are whatever you are, whatever is okay, the problem is that you are not enjoying, the problem is this.  It is not that you are not able to have children, the problem is that the fun has gone from your life, you are not able to enjoy because your teeth are having issues, your eating habits are going on, your digestive power is getting swollen, your taste is going on.  I don't know how to live by seeing the next generation happy and enjoying through them. I don't know how to live on this, there is a lot of Rondahu Maal, there is a lot of Rondo Malik, this is a small WhatsApp story which goes on forward, I don't want to tell it here, please come from the middle. Watch the video stress free, you will enjoy, there is standard seat dr comedy, society will also get to learn, don't cry like this, die, one is WhatsApp forward, parents should be respected, parents should not be forgotten, no, who is writing?  It is only the parents who are writing early in the morning, what is this to me, friend, do this to me like this tomorrow, where does this forward come from and who makes it, first of all it is consumed in India, the data has to be consumed, now the scenario is  Citizens are sitting idle so someone makes them so that they can keep playing. Another story was going on in our group that it is a joke but that story is mine, it is not original but some of my take on it is original which I will tell later.  Listen to the story of two minutes, she listens to the story that brother, there is a man, there is a human being, okay, everyone is sitting in front of God, okay, after that there is a donkey, then there is a dog, and then there is an Avul, okay.  everyone has it  What do they say, life of 20-20 years is like this, it is a given caste, it is okay that brother, everyone is up, a person becomes very sad, 20 years is too short, okay no, sorry, 40 years of life is a given caste, okay it is 40 years.  Life is caste, everyone is fine and a person says 40 is less then a dog says my friend give him 20, God ji even a donkey says give him my 20 and he is all he also says  Give it to him for 20 minutes and then the person becomes very happy because he will get Puri, okay and everyone is in their mid-twenties, so now this old man is on the group saying, brother, it is yours, you will live 40 years of human life, after that.  From 40 to 60, it was zero for the donkey, even the donkey had given 20 years, okay, so you are living the life of a donkey, what are you doing in it, are you building a house, doing something for your children?  You are having no fun at all, you are lying like a donkey and you live 60 to 80 years of life, like a dog, you are doing like this, meaning nothing, your self-deprecating human, okay, you are a loser type, I would say okay, I will also take my own stance.  I will tell you and then when you turn 60 to 80, you no longer have the power to bark, that owl has come, what does an owl do, it is like this, you are relieved, who has come, who has gone, okay, by doing like this, this one, I  This was going on, so I told them, ok, I am not in their category, don't put me in my hair, they are charmers of knowledge, look at the glow on my face, get the idea of ​​age from other stories here, okay, don't think that today I am an old mother, Lux is younger now.  I am a young mother, Lux, an older one, you can think like this too, okay, otherwise I am also in the dog category, mine is mine, my human life is going on for you, my donkey life is going on now, it is okay, it has started, okay?  I want to tell you, friend, why do you talk like this? If you talk about your 40 years to your mother, it is true that 40 years is a person's life, then after that you live through your children, right now they are 40.  Is it less than that of a human being? Then when you turn 60, you have grandchildren, then you are always associated with human life. If you do not regret food, then it is a sad matter, but by cooking good food, you can share it with your grandchildren.  Feed your baby, feed your son, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, their eyes are fine, why didn't you take happiness from their eyes, the caste is selfish, why are you making so much of ginger and garlic, what good is that, I have pickled cabbage and carrots, listen to me.  We are an effective party and that too, there is a demand for pickles, we don't get many of them, we don't know of any pickles from you, we have never eaten them, we do n't get any in the market, we cook some, give it to two people, there are still many such things which money can't buy. Mothers have powers and those mothers are sitting here taking their sorrows and pains and preparing your dish to appreciate it, you will be told something good, you should know how to take pleasure in it, the elderly are not enjoying it and the women are still trying to pass the time somehow. Let's take a look at the worst condition of a man by doing something at home. After reaching 60 years of retirement, the whole situation is happening. Lot of mistakes that people make after retirement. If you want a video on this, then let us know men.  I am addressing the men that you are doing this wrong, wherever you are, if you don't have children, then because their holidays are limited, you are doing this in such a way that you don't know from where and then you.  Tell them son, look at this house, do something a little higher, do this friend, there are no people around them, if you don't enjoy their house, then take it next door, no, then I do n't enjoy there, then basically you do n't enjoy, this is your problem.  Any  To ask, not to ask, there is nothing behind it, to ask is personal, sunny, what is happening, even relationships have an expiry date, there is nothing to talk about, it is a matter of great pain, children talk with parents, they want to do something, they want to initiate.  There is no topic, just either they will give Gyanpeeth, wake up early in the morning, do this, how to make your face better by doing Rakhi, well, parents do not like their child, see, they think he is big, they think the child is not like that.  If the child's hair is not white then do it yourself. It's okay and if his hair is white, then what condition have you created? Oh his condition, he is also growing in age, he has not maintained any condition of his own, what should be his condition?  This is the condition of everyone in this world, even your daughter and elders also looked very beautiful because she too is touching 40. If you are doing all these things then first accept your old age, then your children and then watch your grandchildren grow up  And look Jai, hey, his size is like mine, hey, I have come to meet him, hey, I am coming, hey, I am not there, there is no passion, you come, you too did not come, no one goes, even you will not come, it is not possible that their story should be known, right? So where will they come from? I mean, every economic cycle is happening like this, now the children who are 10-15 years old, whose parents may not leave their house, their parents are the generation of late 70's, their biggest problem is  Maybe their children will not leave us and the problem of the old people was that those of 56 do not come to meet us, those of 70 do not leave us, this is the pain and suffering and issues of the society which I bring in real time and resolve together.  Will be done like this without Tara, like this without stress, if you actually love your children a lot and you have money, you are smart, those who do not have money, those who do not have it, there are more spices in life, okay brother, then why there?  If you are reading, then take it, no, yes, I don't like it, if you do n't like it, then you like it in a small town and you want your son to have a small business, sir, leave everything for the school fees of your children, you don't have a Jain, sometimes.  So, sometimes it is so defined that you cannot go, you cannot go even for a day, now what is this thing that you do not feel comfortable with? If you are 80-90 years old, then it is understandable that it takes some time to go and come. Jabbe who feels strong  They are old people, I have seen that at 80 and 85, they are enjoying Canada. My child has sent me a ticket to meet them. I am going there. He and the girl from India have made me sit from behind. Jai, they will give me pulses here, they will take you out.  People are going to America, people are going to Canada, they are going to share with you again, the distance of 200 km is given, because what BG do you have, you are reducing the channels, you see what all these are showing, it is okay here, so time is not passed.  and yours basically  So time pass is good with children. Time pass is spent in watching the children. This is the rule of law that one is used in earning money and the other two develop relationships and chemistry. May the grandchildren get happiness. May the grandchildren get happiness.  Because when you were your friend, there was a lot of stress in your life, you do n't know what will happen, what will happen, you were your BG in your life, your parents used to struggle just as you used to struggle, in fact, maybe even more so. I too must be doing it, it's okay, you do it, but no one pays you any attention and you do n't understand that friend, don't take care like this, I also had the option, no one told me, very special, I am in great trouble in this.  Because this is the measurement, this is how the attitude was also, there was power visible, there was power visible in the hands, then why was it not shown, just no one was visible, that means everyone used to say mummy, if it has to be like this, then it should be like this, now it's okay, do you think this is big?  something went wrong with you yes yes wrong  It has happened with you that every generation feels that its lot has been cut off, it is absolutely fine, so enjoy life, it is fine and these children do not come again and again, no, you go as you go, which is fine and one more reason.  It would not be possible to come, which I think is there, there is no taste, we are not enjoying, the food was mixed on the first day, well then because there is no arrangement in your house, you have not even kept good maid, neither a cooker is kept nor a driver is with you.  Why should they come and spend a few days with you?  So why are you doing your job? They have become so busy in doing their job. Which holiday is this where you have to go and do it? I had also made a video on it and it was a big hit. People liked it because both the couples were  There is an elderly couple and a young couple with a child. Milk story. Let's go out, go to a resort, go to Dharamshala, where the woman should go and study cooking, she should get change. Do this, it's okay, then do it. That video was a hit. It's okay, so children don't come to you.  Near  Should not be a masala, you should be rich, right there, the money should go to such a person, who should go to the can, who is thirsty, tea, who can, who will decide, according to me, the one who wants something has money, children are also not like this, if you are not, then either  You know how to build a well because who will get the money? If you are like this, then how do you build a well. This is the original topic. You will not get the educated topic from the story. Friend, what is this teaching? What is this in the society?  Brother, there are many things that can be bought even with money. They cannot be bought even with money. If you do not give an iPhone, then something will have to be given. We are not greedy. We do not want it, so we will have to do something. Friend, sometimes children become so rich that then by giving you this iPhone.  No, but I have belonged to those whose income is due to giving something, and who is getting income by giving something, that is also a very good thing because sometimes when you take children out, then you have to call them your favorite Gajar Ka Hawa or your favourite.  Do you know that perhaps you may fall in the trap of that rich child, because even with money, if he doesn't have taste for the story, then he should give it to your mother. If you call me son, then you will keep saying that he is not coming to meet me. If he doesn't come, he feels that this is his duty, no one wants to do his duty, he will enjoy it for nothing, he said, we will have fun, we will go here, we will go there, we will do like this, we will do like this, we will make you have fun, the old people have not kept a house worthy of having fun, they have kept it like this. Go to your house and see, if I go for Vaastu consultation or something like that, then you see, I am God, who is living here, that is, no one from outside can come here, within two days they feel that why did we get it fixed and not us? Before this, it means why spend money on it, it has been 15 years and you will not know the story for the next 20-25 years, neither the tiles are changed nor the tiles are painted nor the nails are changed by them, now anyone has the habit of bathing like that, that milky Milky water comes from Jaguar and even more expensive than that, Kolar is even more expensive than Polar, the photo is so bright these days, other's Rakhi is very mismatched, that's why it does n't come, you didn't tell me your status and all your things, fix it.  If you don't have time then please request the parents that please do not Jain with your children. According to me, the minimum payments should be made in two increments of 15 days in a year with your children. 15-15 day trip, we should stay together for 30 days, okay, or we should go for a story trip, okay, this is my belief that the complaint is that I don't have time, it does n't pass, okay, so he is short of time, what after retirement?  Are making mistakes. If you want to listen to this video, what mistakes do people make after retirement like Immediate 58 5960, then I will make a video on that too, it is a very good content.  It is important because that is a mistake, if you don't do it, it will be good for your 65 77. The mistakes you make in 60, it will spoil your 65 70, so I would like you guys to understand that thing. Thank you.