Hello friends, today's topic is brother, singles and bachelors coming to India are discriminated against extensively in the housing market in the rental market, they do not get houses, other people are not giving houses in the society, these people are being discriminated against, this topic is a thought, Mehak ji. He has a channel on which he has played Bada Yeh video and he said Bada Points Race because the points of bachelors and youth should also be raced so I want to see that topic.  It is not necessary that I am racing on my own that this is the topic, mention in it that they go to visit the house, bachelors do not get it, girls do not get it, there is only one girl, boys are not getting it, society people are not allowing them to enter and  This is a matter of great pain, why are they being tweeted as normal now, why are they not being given so we will discuss on this, we will discuss on discrimination, okay then you guys have to see, I am adjusting address to all the bachelors and in this I am  This also happens to women who are divorced, we will discuss why this happens and in the video I will also give the solution, so it is not just that why is this happening, why is this happening, why is this happening, if you do not get the answer, I am going to give the answer.  I wonder why discrimination and discrimination is happening or is it not and what is happening then you have to decide, you will enjoy it, you can laugh a little, it can be a sit down comedy and you can also learn, okay and my  rolling can also happen  Anything else can happen, the video can go to a higher level, it has to be shared, it has to be enjoyed, it is okay, this term food has become too much in the society, every person in our society feels like this, they feel that discrimination is happening.  I want to tell the bachelors that you have left a small town and come to a big city and you are being discriminated against. If you want to live the way you want, because I told it in the video and tell that friend, I am bringing my friend. living  I am bringing these, why should there be any problem, which station has allowed me, I am bringing a boy, I am bringing a girl, someone is bringing me at night, the Constitution law has come, the law does nothing, the law has made it 377, Living in Vijay, holding the Constitution.  I mean, he also has rights, he has created his own property, to whom should he give it, they will not talk about his rights, this is the attitude, isn't this that Rockstar movie, copy it immediately.  70 Read: It is not so easy in India right now, what is it for a bachelor? Listen, it is okay, there are more vegetarians in Gujarat and if non-veg people are not given houses then it is discrimination. Those who eat non-veg is a lifestyle choice, that lifestyle is theirs. Foreigners go to America and go to England.  There are SIMs of pressure cookers there, the British people do not tolerate it there and they cannot do it honestly, so what do they do there, what happens there, do they have to live there separately or as per their rules and regulations there?  If you have to live then this is discrimination. You have to see first. Even lawyers do not get houses easily. Even people from some communities do not get houses easily. Now I am a lawyer, why are you not giving it to me? You can go to the court, so your daily wages are less.  Why don't you go and pass some laws that it is compulsory to give to the lawyers, they are not available now, the lawyers are mature, intelligent, sensible, they do not create noise because they say that the world says that we are Allah.  If you create a ruckus then no one will give it, this also has to be seen by the bachelor, if you are not getting a house then keep quiet, you will get it, someone else will give it, maybe you will get it from somewhere, if you create a movement, no one will give it, then people will say that something is wrong, it is a big right.  They are asking, I am batting from both the sides, I am not for best friends and anti bachelors and family and by doing this I get 360 degree perspective, only then claim you fame, made a video from one side.  You have batted from one side, you have made all the statements, the whole society is with us, thinking should be changed, this should not be done, think about it, why are you not doing it, you create ass inside the house, relative compared, you are a family mother who sweeps the floor.  He keeps a maid because he also has a wife in his house, the broom and mop lady comes baseless, today there is no rule, 99% go to someone's house, go to a hostel, everyone knows about buffalo by force.  Do n't need an excuse, leakage is happening from somewhere, give it and the Bahujans will not even tell the landlord, they will keep quiet because he has called, when the landlord will come, there is a bottle of liquor worth Rs. 150 lying there, that beedi cigarette, all that ass. He is lying, he will come first and say, I will solve this problem in my hair, otherwise what are you doing, you will not tell me, you will not keep the maid in the house in any way, you will not be able to see them, Dastan ten is your bedsheet.  Will not change in 5 days. What is the meaning of all this? Will the society keep taking your interest test here that friend, this bachelor is right out of 100, let's keep him, only a blanket rule will come out for him, isn't this the time for all the people?  The Constitution must have given something to Rava also. The rest of the people who are house owners must also have rights. Brother, this is his house. If I have to give my car to the jail for 4 hours, then one.  The family man wants to go with his wife and children, it is okay, he is a bachelor from another place and my car is on rent, where will I find it safer, tell me, you tell me, the rate is very high in the society, if someone's children are a tenant, they are very worried.  They are creating noise, some husband and wife fight a lot, some husband is an alcoholic, notice is also served to them but if we take the base rate of Rs 100 for married people.  So how many alcoholics come out of 100, less come out, ca n't tell everyone but the comment rates of bachelors are there, married people won't tell many things, no one has told on YouTube and anyway, people don't say earrings, this is also a friend, you are a bachelor.  Then it may still be possible that the wives are left behind, the men do not know anything about the bachelor while leaving, there are married couples in this also, who believed that the ones who did the same would do the same in this also. I am not saying anywhere here that those boys come and all the boys come only like this but it is uncomfortable that someone is going inside the society. Bhabhi ji, Hello Bhabhi ji, I said Hello, under what section will you charge him with harassment, but the part is next.  People don't want to talk, people will slap him in the society because you will say what happened, what happened, what happened, what? I was just saying this, Bhabhi ji, Namaste Bhabhi ji, Namaste.  In which police station, in which case, which case is against which law, please tell me, Bhabhi ji, Namaste, you will not speak, someone else will speak, when those four rods live in a flat, people are fully intimidated, I also understand, I also understand, that guy, the next guy, so intimate full.  Karega Yaar and Pan India Present, I am telling that now he is speaking like this because he speaks like this because of the community from which he belongs.  Belong only talks like this, now he is saying that no friend, I have not done anything, you see how the next guy is feeling, you tell me friend, this is you, the community discriminates, yes brother, you should speak a little soft.  Learn this, the next people will be scared, you don't ask with a flag, introspection, you people will have to do discrimination with you, women are seen in such a way that they go around the court, this is because of litigation.  The lawyer's number has gone through, he has it, I don't give him tenet, I do n't know what frustration there is in his life, what bitterness he has, I don't know, this brother of the landlord has crossed my mind, I am the real estate's Venice D number on clarity give it.  This all things I cover it is not ki bhai sahib layout dekh lo kam kharm na na it is aisi aake ko thoda bolta yaar har har third video mein ki main number van yeh me  I am telling her the proof, I am giving proof to her, who is the landlord's wife? They do n't give it to the policemen, they don't give it to some community people, then what kind of discrimination is this, if you take your own house, I will also talk about the solutions. You are a bachelor, you have taken your own house.  As soon as you buy your own house, no one is going to do anything because now you will have a sense of responsibility. When you get your own house, you will also see seepage which will get corrected in time and will even send you to jail.  You will be seen if you correct it on time, you will not call your laundered laundered friends at 11:00 in the night because you are the owner, you are the bill, you are the bachelor, you are the bill, you are with the responsibility, when there are three rooms in a society and eight in each. -That room rent is DK 24000, that flat goes on rent and they do not accept all three, the society and the people say that they are different.  He is bringing a girlfriend, this is his own creeper, this is his own creeper, ask you questions, now this is mine, this is mine, he says no, mic drop movement, okay, he says no in anything, brother, there are five lines, why do you have to stay there, for married people and  Why not there, I do n't have the right, let me ask you an example, you are a bachelor, you live in a flat with your girlfriend in a live-in relationship, you are not even married, you own the flat. Opposite you are like bachelors, there is a Jain in it, now you will feel comfortable, you will go in the lift to the computer girl where you are living, then there will be Bhabhiji, you are Bhabhiji, she is like that, now you will feel because you want to live there, uncleji. Aunty ji is in the middle of this because you think uncle ji will not look at you wrong there. I am not saying that uncle is not there but the one who introduces him to the society is sitting at home doing this. What pressure is there on London? This is from your side. They have mothers and excuses, they are 3000 kilometers away, they don't have any incentive to control their behavior more, they don't have that much sister, that's why you yourself want to remain a bachelor because the society will definitely find uncles and aunts who are married people.  Will pass, will clean, Sir Sardar will give, you don't want to do it because if a bachelor's society, because I am not telling the solution and western living etc. is also happening in Gurgaon.  There are these opportunities also, I will keep on saying that where only you see a bachelor's society, this is what is going on there, Digital Distributor, Discovered Dirt, Boy, Girl, Boy, Boy, Girl, That You Are Mad, Your Own Parents Can't Tolerate You, Bachelors Discrimination.  Dear bachelors, if you behave like that, stay on the floor above your parents and tell your father, listen, I will not do the cleaning if my girlfriend comes, then don't drink alcohol.  The party will be mine, my boys and girls will come and this sister who means me, tell her, let the story go inside, it's okay, my body, my life, don't miss it, it's my right to hug the constitution and I will even give you the jail money, father would have paid the fare if you had cheated.  They take three rupees, then they give three in the beginning, then one leaves, they say, Uncle, we can't give now, we will give only eight rupees, and from Rs 24000 to ₹ 16000.  The rent is done, any person will give it to the family for Rs 20000, it will be ₹ 4000 less, my headache is over, you have to fix it with one person, because in Bachelor, you do n't have the capacity to take it alone, most of the bachelor's are not in big society, your brother.  If it seems big in a different system, then you work with your money and buy a bachelor. See how the society also changes. Being alone is a relief and calling your mom and dad too. You are late. In the beginning, you are a bachelor for some time. In this, it happens to them that neither should they talk about Neha nor should Rohit come here nor should society do such things. Everyone is concerned about their own benefit, security and survival. How desirable it becomes if you are well dressed.  He does n't smoke, he is a desirable bachelor, he is rich, he is good, he is inside the stage and he is living alone. The moment you started one less, then you are the one who did not come with living in. Give me a girl, you are not there. Give me a desirable prostitute, give me a shameless bachelor, give me the one in the neighborhood, whatever will be, will remain, now my daughter, my son will be spoiled, what is my son seeing, the girl is coming, the girl is going, brother, what are those values ​​of ours?  Will definitely do in India, you have seen one thing that if you go to any park, now whoever goes to the park in India, whoever goes to any park, a boy or a girl, public display, I have to do this by non-smoking, now put a camera in the whole T-Three.  I have given Stop smoking here and here, smoke whatever you want, now they said no, no discrimination is happening, all of them are roaming freely, why can't I roam freely and smoke cigarettes, those who feed non-veg to their children  It is said that the whole world will eat, it will not be cooked at home, on Chhath, if you go to an outside restaurant, it will not come to our house, then tell me, even mother is discriminating, mother will not disturb her own manufacturing. Factory brother, he has such troubles and troubles in his life. In normal cases, he should help but I have told you the reasons because how are flats worth one crore dead crore two crores taken, how loans are taken, how sacrifices are made.  These people who have not bought a house, they don't even know that you are a bachelor, neither have you bought a house, nor have you married, nor do you have any idea of ​​saving yourself, why do you want to live there among the people who have settled in the base  I am saying this, studios will be built for you, apartments will be built for you, best ones are being built, I am doing consultation etc. builder market living, stay in yourself but you will cry while living there, I will not stop telling you this too, you will feel more insecure there because wherever you look, I will tell you.  I also know the mindset of the girlfriend. I also know the mindset of the person living in. With the relationship, coming here, spending the day, night, one night stand, doing all these scandals, noting her these words but doing all this.  They are ready because they feel safe, they feel that this person is okay, friendship is friendship, I know this the day after tomorrow because you can know no one, the day after tomorrow and everything else seems okay to you, this is when the gitters will happen, and everything else will be like this from outside.  After taking it out like this, all those Satya Pe Satta movie types must have been seen, okay and that one crowd will be there, all of them will be like oh who came brother, who brought brother oh so no one came there, do you also know that if  I  Bachelor party has happened, the entire floor is of London, no girl will come there, this is a fact, even the boys know this, that is why they want it here, you will not get it here, buy your own house, build your own house and in this house also these things are like this.  Hain Bhabhi RWA Jaati Kahin Aapka Kahin Something Like Ki Na Dekho It's Not About Discriminatory On This Part You See There's Something For Pet Friendly Society Notepad Everywhere You Go With Your Dog  If you are living then the society makes you a Mahavir, friend, if the dog poops from here then it will not be counted, otherwise yours will be deducted here, otherwise there should be a lease, there should be a rule where all the dogs are loaded, then that ₹ 4000 fare is also extra and everything along with it. This can also happen if you are living with a dog, so you have to see where you fit in, you have to gain more maturity, you will not get it through selfie run, I am telling you this, you will have to buy your own house, buy your own house, why own your own?  So, after sending Rakhi of mutual fund for ₹ 10000 ₹ 15000, why does Khan come home for 10-15000, that too, I will tell you, stay connected, I will give you the solution, I am not showing it below, I am assuming from the run, I am telling you to be practical, don't do it. Don't get married, don't ever do it, but buy a house of your own, otherwise you won't get a house, it will seem big, so it seems big to you, tell me, you are getting big, you have become tough, haven't you?  This should not happen. If you look at it actually, if someone has a lot of aversion to non-veg and he does not want non-veg to be served in his house, then he will not give it to you. So, there is no need for you to be sad in this. You should find such a house where he is averse to it.  He doesn't care about anything and sometimes what happens is that in many places it happens that the brother landlord has no qualms about the living couple but the neighbors are cautious because the landlord is just a relief, this is another society in another city.  When I go to the landlord, he says that he is asking for ₹ 5000 extra for me. I am telling him again and again that if you live in a rude manner in your house, you will not pay the toll rate to your parents. The experience is very bad, the landlord is good.  That's why they made a rule regarding badges in societies and this rule has failed all over India and if your plan is to remain a bachelor all your life, then you will not have to face these problems.  You will pass, please take your own house, take your own house, then no one can say anything because you are the owner, you cannot rock the owner that you are a bachelor, what is it like that, it is like he is a married couple, his wife went to her parents' house for 2 months.  If she goes, then it has to be that they will not let her enter, we will let the landlord enter, he is the owner of the house, no one can rock him, then the Constitution Police will come, but you can buy the house, then you will have to live on rent.  You have to live on rent all your life, then you also have to travel around, love you, like you, bring a girl too, you have to bring a boy too, all are not fulfilled and yes, married people offer you money, they are jealous of you or are you doing me? You will not let me do it because you also enjoy it when you see him living in a society and he is picking up red vegetables and is in the lift like this and I am his child and his wife is roaming around disfigured after pregnancy.  Having more  She is shouting and at night, if they are a couple, then there is a fight, even married people will shout, so it is fun, you have one apni woh jo life zero bachelor road wali, all the fun is there, you see, we are having a party. Their children have board exams, that thing is fine now, I am also giving you a kick, instead of giving a kick to those people, the mother is giving you a kick to those people, she should kick you out, understand human emotions, now you will not say, no, I will.  You have to have full fun, it is okay to live among married people and give full feeling and show it to everyone, look at my freedom, look at my fun, look like this and married people will not let you have fun there, they will not let you have it there, the only difference is more house.  If you are the owner then the owner of the house will decide along with him the owner of the house and you who pay the rent will also find someone else to pay the rent and at some point of time when you find such a society in a society outside the city then the car is also less.  What happens is that they enjoy, then gradually the family becomes caste and then the shadows are thrown out, then the story is over and they go away as if they are nomads, they do not roam around. I have taken two suitcases, meaning that this was a house and given to a live-in couple.  In this, inside this house there was one boy and one girl, after 6 months the boy left, he changed, another one came, the girl was the same, then what happened after that, after 6 months this girl will change, this boy was the same and the girl will not come.  If they are making such changes then it is acceptable to many people because defending on it is a camera, someone is from EWS, someone is from another tower, someone is from affordable housing, so this program is running there, the rent has been good, people are not bordering them.  Also because there is a lot of money in bachelor living, for many people, that less story is happening in a different place, that is, it is going to be Sanu's but D is the moment society where you think.  Friend, here I am paying ₹ 10000 separately and I am staying in such a non- sexy place, I am paying ₹ 10000 only for three people, milk us here and go here in 30000 rupees Jain and here we get the social acceptance that tomorrow we will be ours. Friends, girlfriends, our crowd will come, they will see that they are a good society, this feeling is not going to give you a society, Math is running well for you, understand, but what I told in totality is also this.  He is working out in the same way, I hope you people recognize this and nine oil, I need discrimination, the world runs on money and the emotions of the owner of the house, and I hope I have given clarity on this thing, there is no one in it.  There is no pro and anti system, it is true, it is a mirror, what is said in the mirror, you are just looking at the face and feeling that it is not getting clear and you are looking at the mirror like this and yet  If the face is not looking right then there is your dust here. If there is a mouth here then the face will look fine. I hope you understand. How did you feel about sharing? Tell me. Thank you.