Hello friends, Bad Marriage, Divorce and Economy is a very good subject, you will get to learn a lot, you will also get some ideas for investment, if you do, then let's start with higher order thinking. There is a difference between bad marriage and divorce.  It means that the marriage is alive, it is bad, the husband and wife do not get along, there are fights, it is not a good marriage, there is discord, the reasons can be any, it is okay. And this bad marriage can be of six months, it can be of 6 years, it can be of 25 years, okay, so we have understood this one thing as definition, divorce, then we know what it means that brother, a divorce has taken place.  Okay, but how these two are linked to the economy, we will discuss beyond that. India as a country. If you see, the divorce rate of India is increasing, but if you see in the world view, then the divorce rate of India is not high, but this means that  No, marriages are very good here. India has a very high percentage of bad marriages. There is no survey on this. I am a marital consultant myself, so I have a little idea but I also can't put figures. Those numbers are fine, but one thing is noisy.  When a marriage is bad, whether it is 6 months old, one year old or 5 years old, one husband evolves, one wife evolves, these two people are settled in the marriage.  So it happens that the husband is earning money and the wife can also earn but the husband is earning. In any bad marriage it is very bad for the economy, hence there is a reason that if bad marriages in India are eliminated then it will reduce. So either the marriage should stop or it should get better, okay let it get better a little, great, sometimes nothing happens, okay then the growth of India's GDP will be very high, I am not wishing here that people should divorce more.  I wish my work as a marital consultant is always to get patched up, never to separate, but what I am saying is that if there is a person in a bad marriage, you should visualize that a boy is currently in a bad marriage, will he buy that house and for whom will he buy it?  He will always be afraid for whom he will take the loan, this marriage is broken, this wife is gone, she will take away my house, Eli will take the money, she will take away the money, he does not feel like making his legitimate investments. Because when you are in a bad marriage, you must be depressed, I am not saying that you have reached depression, but definitely Anthea is not crazy, if you are not in Enthu Jiaz, then you are not going to go out to watch movies, you are not going to buy a car for you.  If you are not buying new clothes, if you are not going out to eat, then bad marriage is very bad for the economy. I am telling you that bad marriage is bad for the economy and the country, so we should consider good marriages.  You have to do it for the benefit of your country. When you get married, tell your wife. After hearing this, husbands should say that let's do it for the country. Come on economy is fine because divorce happens now. If you  We will see that there are many in America, they are like Kanjampatti, we have to see the same, if we want to learn investment, we have to see where the trends are, what is the difference between husband and wife in divorce, bad marriage.  So, we are living in at least one house, whether it is rented or our own or with in-laws and father-in-law. At least we are living in one place. As soon as the divorce happens, we need an extra house. It is not necessary that every time the girl goes to her parents. Girls who are working in big cities and their workforce is at the age of 15, 20, 25, in many places, it is not like divorce happened in Pune, divorce happened in Gurgaon, Bangalore.  When I got divorced, the boy stayed in the city and the girl went to her Aurangabad lodge or went to Fatehabad. The essence will not go, she will also stay there, now they will live in their own house, will take a new one on rent, will live in a PG, anywhere. Human Being.  If you are staying then there is a requirement of duplication of real estate, then after that you need a TV, earlier a TV would have sufficed, then you may also need a car. If you are living separately, earlier perhaps a broom would have sufficed.  Earlier, the cleaning lady used to come one by one and used to be less, now her demand may have increased. Earlier the wife used to cook food at home, now she is divorced, husband is living alone, so he needs someone to cook again, so I am telling. What difference does it make in the economy? What difference does it make in the economy? Because a new marriage does not happen as soon as the divorce takes place. It is not that the divorce happened today, it will not happen tomorrow and they become a couple again. This became someone's, this someone's is so easy. No, it takes time, it's a painful thing, single mothers, single mothers, then that feeling is fine, then when a man becomes lonely, he also does tourism a lot, when he is in a bad marriage, then he does not roam around, you see that.  How many single people are there and this trend has to be played out now, these bad marriages will reduce in India, divorces will increase, that is the message and as divorce happens due to bad marriage, so does the economy.  Kicker brings, do I wish this, I do n't wish at all, but I am telling what is happening because what I tell is published in Economic Times after six months, this is the original research, this is my video, any boy or girl will watch this, generalist type will watch this.  Somewhere on social media you will see an article that those who are subscribers of my channel will send it to me and say, Yes Guru Ji, you were the first one to tell me, before this we did not even listen to Bad Marriage, Good Divorce and Economy.  It's a good thing, I don't feel bad about it, everyone should do it, someone should do it because I ca n't publish it in writing, I am published in the newspaper with 'Yes', I take ideas from videos but this trend is playing out, I can clearly see it.  This trend is happening and you people who are my subscribers, after six months, one and a half to two years, you will start seeing it around you. Already, some people will be seeing that yes, she got divorced and she is living here.  If the person in a consummate marriage is living here, then section 498 will be imposed. Due to fear of this, he not only does not buy anything, he also stores the jewelery he has made inside, even the money has been kept here, he has put it there and many times.  So look at the boy in a bad marriage, if the man is not able to do such a great job, then there are no promotions, no money, no hard work, no spirit of hard work, no morale is low, some are depressed, some are sad, at such a time you can't find money anywhere.  It won't happen that as soon as the divorce happens, the man will get a haircut and will go to the beauty parlor, the girl will join her gym, everything becomes like freedom, as long as you are in that rotten marriage, you do n't feel like doing anything, then you are becoming shapeless.  It happens that man and woman are becoming shapeless, it is not so for you because you have given up that you have to impress this one, this one, this one, leave this donkey or this one, now I use the word for ladies.  Can't do it but mean man seems to be dull. A dull man does n't drink juice. If there is no juice in him, it's okay. So he doesn't do anything, neither eats nor drinks, nor roams around. As soon as this divorce happens, it becomes expensive to roam around.  Water, all this starts, okay then there will be a lot of difference in the economy in the coming time because I see the divorce rise in India, as per the rules, I will make more videos to tell people why marriage should not be broken if  You want that video, it will be a very good and wonderful video, I have not made it yet, no one has made it, no one has heard about why even a bad marriage should not be broken, if you want a video then tell me if you are in a stuck in a bad situation. Marriage why you should not leave it on that, if you want a video, it will be a very reasonable video, okay, although I will definitely tell the exception in it that if it is this, then leave it, okay, but still mostly it will be a video to save.  If  If you want that then I will make that also, but how did you like this video? Tell me in the comment section. Now you will get Subscriber Info Group, you can join it anytime. I also conduct webinars on all these things. In the coming time, I will get married.  But I am making a special course, I have a pre-marital consultation course, what is that course, it means it is a recorded workshop of two and a half hours, it is at the rate of one pizza, I will also post that in the comment section. Take this, messages are coming from many people that with this they are forcing them to become a consultant in their sales and not only they are adding value to society and earning money from just one pizza, now how big a scam can it be? Okay 50000 one lakh.  There is no course, one pizza is too much, you will feel that the pizza is spoiled, it was not good in taste, but a lot of feedback is coming for it and for those of you who are not married, then it is a must that bhaiya pre  What questions and answers should be asked about marital? It is a very good thing that the whole society should know. Tell me, if there are so many such things, then why not put it for free here? You can also say that it will be good for the society, no one is benefited by free electricity, free electricity.  Water does not belong to anyone, it is worth a penny, so it does not belong to everyone, it never benefits everyone, if it starts benefiting everyone, then it does not benefit anyone, this is also a fact, then everyone becomes dirty, so look at it a little.  Admiration  Show it and you will enjoy it and there is a very good feedback, its fee is this, I am telling you that the bigger pizza is better than the bigger one, it is expensive and I am only talking about veg pizza, it is expensive but it is better, so you can see it and Shaadi is. A big big thing it plays a role in everything in our life whether we are buying a house, investing, buying a car, the quality of marriage has bearing on economy directly for the economy in a house.  If it is very bad, then either I would like to pour water on the troubles and go towards your investments or divorce, then the lawyer's fees and the lawyer's house is also running, he is also contributing to the economy if in India.  Lately, there are 1 lakh divorce lawyers and that 1 crore is more than that, which means there must be 1 crore divorce cases. Okay, I don't have the data yet, so if those divorce cases will increase.  So the income of the lawyer is definitely increasing and you know that in India no one gets the decision so quickly, the date remains on the date, it is okay and the lawyers also keep having fun, they are not telling everyone, the lawyers feel bad, what is the day these days.  If you say something to someone and come to whip him, then he also says, ' Come on, why do you decide so quickly, take some more money from this person and take some other money', he will say that if I don't get it for you, then he will definitely file a case.  no case How will it be solved, then he goes on, if the lawyer's fees keep on going on, then she is also not only taking the economy forward, but divorce is also taking place and your money is flowing out. Many times, what happens is that I tell men.  Some times, they are earning to give money to the other lawyer, who is fighting him, this is the biggest pain, why is my pain coming out, I should speak a little sad, okay, dark comedy is happening.  You think this, okay, a new movie has come now, I have to review it too, there is a web series, there is a dark comedy by Manoj Bajpayee, I have to watch it, you guys, my reviews of it are very lovely, Mera Guruji from Gurugram channel is running it. You can also subscribe, but the dark comedy here is that a man is giving money to his wife so that she can give it to the lawyer so that he can get more money from her. Do you understand that this is wrong? This is a subject of great pain for men also. So if you fix the marriage, then it is better, okay, if you want a video, then it will be very good for men, okay, if that, because I will talk about a lot of practical things in it, then if you want to make a video about the marriage, then I will make a video like this one.  How did you like it? Tell me. Thank you very much.