Hello friends, today's topic is Bad Chilli Investment in Economics, it is a unique and good topic, we will discuss on it, India will motivate you, to help those who are on bed rest, then you should spread it in the society, spread it in the family group.  To discuss over tea is to discuss with friends the thing I am talking about. Okay, so if someone's bed is marriage, this bed is for the economic bed for the country of course. But for the individual couple sign board result, if it is a cheesy marriage but then the person will not go out for a walk, will not go out to eat, will not go out to watch movies, will not go to buy any clothes, nor will he possibly buy something so sexy. If it is a man who is investing, then he will feel scared.  Clear, even if you have bought a house, it will take away a lot from me. How can it go like this? Otherwise, if you want to buy this house, then you have to take it in my mother's name, so you are taking my name from mother, now two brothers together.  In layer adventure in the name of mother, it is understood that if a husband is not taking it in the name of his wife, then it is because the marriage may not work and the wife will take it, then he is taking so many bags in the name of mother and tomorrow he will take the same in the name of mother. If something happens to Shivlinga, it will become a part of it. He is ready but not ready to start a relationship with his wife. Will you be ready to give half of the Shivlinga? I can tell you practical examples.  I have been diagnosed, still good for fake, look at Navami use, fifty percent Sadhvi drivers are cement, drivers board development is at least two, if you are different then you have to live in different house, different TV, different car, different servant, different broom and mop, whole system is different, bed sheet is different, everything is different.  If you want, then it's okay, then please note that God Vishnu may help someone's driver, I am the person who will strengthen and connect with this, so it is not going to happen, but I will take that time, diversity, okay, economies and Investment advisor list mood because I see in the divorce case in India, 4 years, 5 years, 6, 7, 8, 10 years are going on, in those 10 years, thank you, the man is giving his element, the woman is also not getting light.  The lady feels like I should take something out of it, I am fine, the man says, I should transfer my money to someone, it is fine, he is not buying anything new, he is hiding his income, many cases.  She gets robbed in depression. It's okay, she thinks that I should work and I will earn money for it. I don't even work. See such cases too, so it is bad for the society. LIC Indian Society Movement vs Batman Arkham, there are so many models. No, like this, from the end means at the time of marriage or feature, how many days were giving, means friends are asking, Mary, this doctor is getting married, I love you three, yes, means if someone asks what is this discussion and then they are saying. That we will not divorce for 3 years, okay then either you have grown up so much that you have to live like this, the tolerance level of even the districts is so low to tolerate new things in marriage that we will reverse it anytime and add mood. And they are casual, like you see the pictures of the British, that family is coming on Christmas, this is the husband, this is his ex-wife, this is the current price, this is the child of the first bike, the second is her child, this is the husband of the other one.  Second, this is this smell, so it means the whole family, this back, who is this, what is that, father and how in the store, I don't know and Shahrukh himself, I am not being judged, I am not speaking in Indian only, we are great and that thing is like this and in this absolutely  Also, our religion is Sanatan Dharma, as we follow it, it tells us that even a drop of religion is Judgment Darkness, Roli, which question is which from Action Jackson, which is which, this is the question, which is which, so our  Whatever about Indians, what about us Indians, which year, which year, we don't like, whatever about bad marriage, which are its edges, if I don't like it, then I will have to change the action. Don't the outsiders have any interest in them?  - Give which one to which one, your action is going on as per your wish, let it keep going but we are stuck somewhere in the middle, neither marry us nor marry us, there is a slipper policy nor leave us, we are hanging in the middle and all the others are hanging, you are the country and Himanshu.  also to  It is okay, I am hanging, it is not hanging, you are identifying with this topic, it is not that you are in the green belt, it is not that I am making a video because I have an audience of Delhi NCR also, the audience of Metro is middle class.  There is an audience and I am seeing all this happening in my life that you people are also watching, saying that brother, if the married life is bad, then you will not go to eat Golgappa, Haldiram, I am fine, cyber will not go to us.  Na fake, how can I get Rs.6000 to eat the stigma? Will you go for dinner? You wo n't even talk to each other. If you go hand in hand, then your friend will call you too. If you don't feel like taking a tequila shot, then you too are indifferent. Marriage is this white journey, family journey, not the boy's end.  Girl, then father and mother also do not feel like it, their old age is also bad, who told that it is golden, it comes and goes after retirement, this is the biggest misconception that today  Those who have children are spoiling the old age, Madhuri, the signs were not working, hey, there is some discord in the marriage, bear it, I say to that, time is bad, marriage is not bad, lack is that and that time goes by fast, then you Bigg Boss For someone who has got married to someone else and has done something else, it seems that he has not got better due to some time, but at that time anyway he gets better, anyway, I have to make a video to tell you the panacea for that. I don't think if whose Would you like it too, even if I made such a video that madam, this is a mess and what are its consequences, will you also tell me the treatment to fix it, because I am a doctor sir, I have just come and am a relationship doctor, okay?  It seems to us that after all it is good to spread negativity, we have to tell the cure to avoid it, you will also come with the treatment video, please like it, you all are fine, take a look, entries but marriage has a lot of cost, it is a very costly one.  Rajesh Khanna's song is not from a movie, Aapki Kasam Painting Senti Ho Zindagi ke ek pal beet jyete dobara toh phir nahi aate, Kundanmal ki movie, Sanjeev Kumar ji, ok so the idea, you guys see it, don't see it, but friend Times friend Songs From 1971 274 Flop Remedy Is My India Don't T-20 JP Andolan Selected And It Was After Raw One India Pakistan War In Bangladesh Liberated Dost  Two Three Years India vs President List Song Movies New Generation Se Yaar Bollywood in Hindi Movies Ke Gane Sanne Bahut Ushne Jo Ush Time Musician Who Were The Lyrics Who Were The Directors Who Were The Entre Country Ka Mood Tha To Very Very Prakritik Theek Hai And  Feel, we have to approach a little fragrance and for those of you who have bed messages, don't be shy, connect with me on WhatsApp, I will make you winners.  You will remain a machine that will turn green and how to fix it. Only one video will be mine, but I have to take my country to glory, the address, my mission statement is fine, which was our golden bird, it is fine and in that I am fine.  Don't go with any religious fanaticism and all this casteism and all this by talking about these things. Go with practical OTP. Two thousand years ago, I used to speak as intelligently and well as an average Indian and I consider myself to be very high level in my life.  So on this day, I am of high level, now let me say that today we are hungry, now we are killing people, there was an average Indian, so let's assume that this was the average, that is why India was a golden bird, then come to the level of natural and practical knowledge, everyone is yours. India will progress only if you increase the level further. Pecos India is nothing but 35 crore small families and 10 crore big families. What is this? Every family should take care of itself, just to do good to the country.  I will do good for myself in order to do good to my passion and neighbours. Out of the total 140 crores, if you divide 35 crore families among the four of us and if they add sisters-brothers, ignore mother-in-law, father-in-law, ignore Willow Shivling, then how many 10 crore families will there be? Count between us and uncles, okay, there are 25 crore families, there are 35 crore families, take care of yourself, do networking, live with love, people with their wives.  Live in a manner which is the promise of your birth, you have to compete with your brother, that is, there are 800 crore people in this world, with whom does a person compete, with his brother and brother-in-law, now there is more competition than for years. Please write in the comment section about the competition, the person from Indore does the most in this, these two have been found, do you have people to compete, okay then it is Mukesh Ambani ji whose brother is this.  If it is your brother-in-law or whoever is there, it is okay, then what do they say? What will happen to them, if you will not be able to beat them in the competition, then do not do the competition at a slow pace, it is okay, do it, do not say, you should not do it, do global competition, do it with the world, friend family.  Why are you worried about me? Okay, sleep. I will keep bringing you interesting topics like this. There is a smile on the face and somewhere there is a little pain in the heart, then that is me. Smile on the face and pain by Anmol Palekar. Movies used to go like this in 1919, people used to smile a little, used to feel a little pain and all those people are budget movies, all superhit things, some are going on in my tablet like this. Do you agree with this or not? Please do write in the comment section and smile. Thank you.  You