Hello friends, I have brought today's topic, its name is Paanch-Paanch Syndrome, in this I will express two or three and at the end there will be two-three tech updates. Today's topic is a great example of what my channel is all about. One thing that you can't put in your head is that this life is all about investment, is it real estate, is there everything in it, then it is going to be very interesting, if you watch till the end, you will enjoy a lot and will get clarity in life. This movie Fighting Dam in 123, Hema ji, Amit ji's movie, according to me, has destroyed as much will in India as Harshad Mehta Semi did, Meena did as much 2019 campaign as Definition Correction of 2008, welfare destroys sales as much as one movie does.  This is my own research and did not commission details in terms of omission. Opportunity's twin Shakkar could have done it, she could not do it because of this movie Vikas. This movie put the parents in such a zone for so many years that the Vinayak Sharma Decisions platform they could have taken along with their children to remember from here was not there.  Paya channel is for the middle class and upper middle class, so I am targeting only that, here whenever this movie comes on TV, Body Open comes on Zee Cinema, I know that it keeps coming every month.  There are parents and in 1617 who go to a different road while watching a movie, then he brought the house and the setting, father is among them, the movie came on TV, so I, we were talking comfortably, newspapers etc. Permission is learned in the movie. They separate Amitabh and Hema ji for the children, that's why if we go to a special caste, then they go to me like this, Ann Hui paste force, she comes into the room with tension, whenever she comes to Mumbai, the father has got talent in Advocate.  If you tell my father no I am staying with him in his home icon and again he is a barbarian and meets president press status in 9th house when PM Modi is looking at me like this, these emotions are inside, this is what young men do.  I have to tell you all, Amit ji has a strong role in this, we don't have to follow the rule of today only, Amit ji my pack, sorry, I am his sleepy type, so we both  Name Tiger Hari Soch is absolutely saved in real life, okay so you are in messages and real life, we become that okay, son lives at home, okay so Bagwaan movie is different, okay in real life only, take care office family is a  The family man also knows everything, so we follow him in real life, if we do n't want to forward it in this movie, then I will tell you about some of its details, this is the first skirt of this thought, the messages lying on WhatsApp, be careful Gudduwale that I am your child.  We will use it, you do n't have to use it, okay, I want to ask you all, this video is for everyone, those who have parents, those who are parents themselves, those who are going to go to this old age, those who have become senior citizens, those who are going to become or will become so, everyone.  Those who complain that in 2030, show everyone, forward the video to everyone, okay, then this discussion should happen because people feel a little bit that what is it that if we talk like Putin's people, then I am mine that  Bring such things so that those who say that India needs to discuss the issues of the area, then I can tell you that you do not have to forward the messages like 'Pause Sawan Mudde', nor do you have to show the PT in this to anyone, you tell me this thing, if your children will not use you then who will use you?  Your boss has used you, your organization has used you, your friends have used you, your relatives have not used you, your mistaken relatives have used you, then when it is the turn of the children, then the petrol is over, it means everyone.  Use and chilli, you have done a lot of stupidity in your foolishness. I do n't know what you have done for about 20, 30, 40 years. You must have run for promotion in which place. You have spent your day and night in the pursuit of promotion, which means you might have got a promotion in making someone happy. But when it comes to children, you say that if I do not use my father, I will not be of any use to my children, then whose village will I come to, then if anyone forgets this thing.  I forward the message that I want to be our twist quarter okay bye I kids okay so this is a thought to you if this is the second one I want to tell whatever your friend advisor advisor relative circle in friend circle talk like this  Don't you keep saying that till when the pictures are faded, look at your pages, you will do this, only 5554 people retire, to this extent only 300 retire.  How many of our own will go, see that the purpose of life is to help someone, now it is the biggest petrol union in the world, sir, if you go back then only children come, how many speed dogs will you field, how many poor people will you help, you are not sitting there with so many 10,000 crores and I believe that there are 30 crore families in this and the biggest one is that after coming in 2010, they are the heads of it. Look at the family, the decision to progress here in India is this channel, so in India you do not need to go to any NGO to do charity, here charity can be done in your home also, it is ok near home with O meter.  If she can deal with it internally, then don't go near such news, you will break your relationship with them. Her own family is not under control, her children may have gone away, she is in another country, be it Australia or America, she is a socialite right now.  If she is alone then she is a friend of second cousin and if we want to connect emotionally with her that how will their time be spent then we will tell her that we will pet our children for a while and sometimes their parents and children have called again and again. With love, come, my wife is about to deliver, I want to see it, I don't need any TV camera, I don't mean we will call them to America, so now you were dependent on them, leaving you students in the small town, that my  Time  They will talk and they will take every inch of their life, this is how it happens, I have seen one or two of them many times in my consulting and they come to take the other wise open setting of the strat. Those who come here, I am telling you practical things, never for the sake of a friend.  For that when the decision is pure Ponty best on your children not even parents because how will you take the company with you on Paris, parents of 85 years of age should not take any decision on the parents of 85 years of age because it is because Keep them with you, their life, even this much girl, you meet someone, third thing comes according to your next generation, our super investors without 6570 followers in celebs, some fathers, 20 20 25, three demat accounts in mutual fund, 1820 Facebook Raita spread God.  Don't do it, if something happens, the fat was white, neither was the name of it, I do n't know anything, I don't know what game they were playing, they were always fine with Gupta money. Then you follow him, his daughter-in-law follows him, his son follows him, he follows her, he also comes to me, that's why the society, how to do terrorism, some of them had nominations, some did not, because there was a spelling mistake, or due to lack of interest in time, they were thrown out.  The root is that night time, so many committees, the soul gets destroyed, the man does not understand that he cried about this thing and did that thing because look, 2005 10 lakhs, he would have understood that it has been adjusted to do 70 life. People are able to understand these benefits, but they are not able to understand how many places they have taken place, so I have a practical opinion because they are 278, hence 222, I added, have you understood, do not trust the next generation, give it to them, share it with them, tell them, explain it.  Everyone keeps their own like this because the society has told them that the children will take away all this, their only work is that means father 's symbol is half the original recruitment factor, because what values ​​did you give them?  You are not believing us, I am telling you my Mithila specific, pension of many people is more than 1 lakh and she does not come every time, she will come as long as she breathes and after leaving with me, she will also come for the gentlemen too. 50,000 and your house is already ready, you have the money, I don't understand what to do, doesn't he know that he has diversified his food, so I will tell you a small solution for this, then I will tell you PK everyday.  The solution is that sum1 guest next generation on board, give them something and they are not even hungry but take them on board and take joint acid, they will pay the EMI of the loan, you are forced to pay that tax and turn on the same.  In the directions 5037 2030 Two children 3333 Pour Motivation How many combinations are there The child is taking the flat This is taking He is taking So because the example told that the address of Haryana Pattern of green chilli to maternal uncle due to which our property here and there in our family is free of cost, there is no need of any reaction, meaning you can transfer it free of cost between blood relation, father gave it to him, he gave it to him in the son.  If you give it to him, you can do it comfortably, then this joint property can be bought, the children will see its rental, they will give you your share, then you have got the money equal to your SP, it is not that I have it lying in the funds.  It has been read in the horoscope earlier also, I have collected some demat mutual funds, this has happened on some paper, one has been hanged, the other one will have invested, these are very high numbers, they remain on flame, if you do the data, then this is a lot of 18 thousand crores, this is how India is.  I am lying in it for now, people do n't even know about it, I will tell you in this category, first, okay, when you would have retired, then two, not stop morning, is from the Arabic word, the music word is running very.  Harihar can be done in a careful manner and Singh working without time, Shyam can add it and there are many ways to do it, money can be earned by applying mind easily because when you stop turning on, some room comes that I just have that much  There is money, I have to keep it in a horoscope, it is not mine, someone will snatch it, I have my eyes on it and I will spend it in 80 ways, so how long will this live approach last, because if you live a western life, then you will have to give it 100 % and grow a lot.  People from 30 to 35 do jobs and after that, luck is in China this year. In these 30-35 years, you did not find any job opportunities, got training, got married, raised children, raised him, did not know about his Jogeshwari job.  What are the entertainment questions, what will you do in your life now thirty percent, then it is up to you to see that the second thing is that your heart should be big, it is the father's right in the house, it is possible that if you have a son, you may reduce respect.  When should Damadam reduce that he is busy with these wards in his life? It is okay, then the shadow of peace that was shadowing you should always remain the same, no matter how you add the relative, you have to do your duty and when you do your  If you keep doing the work then you will see magic happens. It's okay, magic is on the front. We will stitch the feeling of neighbor, friend, relative, friend, friend in the park, on WhatsApp, on the phone. Groups of all the old citizens who are our elders will be formed.  Have you ever seen them saying that they see the messages themselves, they themselves send messages, or that one should respect the parents a lot, which is available in the market, you will sew it yourself, that means brothers of having children, here everyone is looking at someone else, hello, those couples.  I do n't make fun of anyone. My parents love everyone very much and there should be all the troubles but why is this brightness so fat for 22 years. If you do something for a child, you have to do something great for him. It is not a big deal to dream of having a child and having a child of your own. If you do something this year with money for a child of 22 years, it will be considered a little. Till now everyone does it. You say there are many people who do it in 22 years.  I get tired that I have had enough of this, so keep your messages for yourself, do n't waste it in the society for your child, are engaged in too many organizations, left, right or useless, which means they are 54-55 years old, which means no family.  If you are watching, you will see something else, then you should definitely reduce it a little because children have only one purpose, the use of going into the mic is very flawed, they say no, you should think about yourself, how much will the children think about themselves, how much will they eat with you Gallery Interactive It has to reduce, your sleep gets less, what do you say, the danger will be less, you will eat less, the benefit of traveling will be reduced to some extent, then now you will fly less, then how much of your work will you keep when your purpose will remain full, you will remain full of use for your next generation.  so for Diseases will not come because your body is not there, I have to do something, you have to make something, whatever work you have to do, you can connect with me through the link, I counsel all the people who are in late fees, how are you busy in life. You can remain busy like this by partying, playing golf and doing SEBI. This will not last so many years that with the passing of 24 hours the sleep is getting less and less. Just doing this work, watching TV, watching Maithili and reading newspapers is not going to work.  247 feels very good, they get cut off like a retirement market, after that there is too much of it, it is most dangerous and there is too much irritability, so those who are creating with it, are associating with it, those who are going through their periods can connect.  We have to take this a little seriously, we have to study the society and not the life expectancy, the harvest is about to increase every second by five years, now 68th Jeffrey  If it becomes one, then sixty-three came again in 2001, then if Sector-23 becomes average, then for so many years, and the last verification, the role of mother in a family becomes very big for those of us, by making them a father.  He gets reduced to a level, he gives you one chance while he is alive, meaning till the time he is done, he has to endure many things, pain and keep the family together, if your wealth and your system does not keep your family together.  If you can, then whatever success you have earned, you think that it does not matter, your money should be seen to be useful for you and your children, then everyone will leave it because it will be limited to Vinod and this is no provision for making a draft.  That is me to the world is that was a prominent like this thank you baby shravan extension apps for kids of provisions relating to capabilities convert all who resides in to subscribe and take away  This annual exam is leaving you behind and no one knows that it is being left behind. This is the society that has to end its stick by not making your virtual hat. All of you, whatever property we create, we create wealth, we create it for our own satisfaction. Next generation call letter in this is the benefit on deposit setting because we do not want our children to be robbed by doing so many jobs for hard work, so we earn for them, so it is the role of the father.  It is very big, such a dialogue is not killed, father is father, Anup Bap unfortunately understands only after leaving, he does not understand while living, but his people, action will not have to be taken to that level. Today IM Singh Father Shravan Month was the father today.  I was confused as to how I liked this video and now what is the feedback on it. Please tell me if you have not subscribed to the channel yet then please subscribe.  Leave a comment on the request, the associate like Positive Negative, who wanted to bring the energy of Havana in this video, I hope you can reach me. Any query, shoot me, thank you.