Hello friends, have you read today's topic? Kail's growing food is an interesting topic. If you have seen it, then life is Jhingalala. I have some such videos which I want and if Yasmin understands then there will be a lot of change in her life.  There is a video of mine for Money Minded Three, very few people have understood it, I have not even seen it in a long time, you have given it a cursory glance and left it, there are 100 videos on the channel, Neera has a cigarette which I  If I am a cricketer, my money minded series is 3 and the second favorite. Now I am going to tell you the reason for making this video. It came because my conversion series is going on right now. I hope you have seen the two videos before that also on real estate.  There are a lot of videos so people are telling me that I am not able to give the complete guarantee, I am not able to tell you the complete details, what is it, don't do this, don't do that, don't do it like this, what is to be done, so I reached out to everyone, only a teacher can tell some formulas.  Now I can cover the syllabus of yours so that it can solve all your questions, then what is the use of it, then my request to my audience, who is connected with me from the beginning, is absolutely in tune and to have a student-like relationship with them.  I have kept my mind on many things but in that I give them clarity. I have found out the formula in my life and spooned the full solution, so let's move ahead in this video. I will give you a  I want to visualize that this is a middle class house, Ati is reading newspaper, it is Sunday, the time is 910 o'clock and the wife is like brother and asks her husband, tell me what is there for dinner in the afternoon, many husbands are like this.  There used to be a time when these are not made nowadays, those who answer, if it happened earlier, then they will keep it in the market, but normally, play it again, the wife should check it with the husband, they could not do anything by doing this, when they ask this question, then the filling of brinjal is  The answer is this and like, those who don't like son don't do this, then this topic and what is its depth will be called that help in decision making in life, I will help you in this, people whose decision to get married is dependent on the blot.  The flight decision is pending, the job decision is painting, what to do in life is dependent on many such crossroads at which you are standing, the two-way intersection, on those who speak.  If you are standing then you have to give clarity, the purpose of this video is that there are many such people in your life, your children, brothers, sisters, relatives, friends, forwarding this to them is a very deep thing, many people will understand it by now, so the audience who are subscribers to us.  The thing is being understood, feedback is coming, comments are coming, you have to tell how it is because there is a lot of fear in removing the original content, it is taking hard work, even now people are saying that it is a big mistake, the video is wrong.  If he is coming then yes, he is not coming for the good of you people, he is not coming for the good of you people, well-wishers to avoid utensils in the house, more videos, policy, he should wash the utensils, limited, a person is not seen sitting idle, so that is why I have been removed from my tree consultancy for free.  So many people, no thank you, and I have said good things, so till the time these people come, my request to all of you is to watch whatever it is that you like and invest 10 minutes in it, you will definitely like it.  But if you take it in one name, it will become a cotton ball, you will follow it, then why did I say that you should not be very clear in life and what else we need, we are never clear, a growth, we keep roaming, life passes by without realizing it.  What kind of partner do I want? What should I do? What should I decide about? For example, if you don't want food or something like that, if anyone misbehaves with me, I should stop him there and lock him, then that knowledge.  Sharing, debating, etc., commenting. Have you understood my point? It is not necessary for me to do this for you. To do traction, fit the root people who are there, even then make it very clear that I will have to give you an example and template in Good People. Make a don't want list anytime you are coming to any decision, you don't know what you have to do, how do you want a life of don't want list, I don't Want to favorite means that I cannot do the work of extinguishing the fire full time. Some or the other fire is going on in my life and if I am staying there then it means that the quality of my life is less, I am a hotspot and I am always behind in my life.  I can't chair events further and I can only do it for them, so the seal should be there in any one of you. It has been very particular that I have to write this thing like this, then you have to release this thing that what will you do for a living. What work do you do? How is your name important? How is your name important? How does it mean that she is bringing it from you? You have got a particular stamp that you are this but if you have got that then what is your name? If you do not like transferable jobs, mother.  -I don't like to go away from my father, your jugaad is right, it is your price to do something else and you don't want to do it, you don't want to be in such a job when you have to stay away from the family, then don't take such a job, if Malwa is in such a job. Entered and later light came on If you keep grinding for many years then there are access points, you leave it Been very important with what you do not want in life and movement were very clear decision-making Panchveli fast I don't want to buy a builder floor.  I just want to buy this, I want to buy this flat, instead of this, I can't reverse it, I do n't have much interest in flights, Interpol is bad in the matter of stories, I just want the same crops.  Builders Note: I need to be very clear about this disease, remove what I don't want, then you will start knowing what you want, first start hitting crosses, there is a small story on this, there is a very old story on the Mexican side, that is Ireland.  Couldn't capture it, people used to type after big kingdoms, questions used to come, a king went, he started his shift, tolerated all Shiv's, set fire to all my depots, did not leave any comment like this, sacrifice, see, slow  Who  I surrendered first in that, if you look at the job, I will be able to repay my exam, I will tell you that I don't know how to edit videos, neither do I have the knowledge of editing. If you want to learn in the name, then it is emphasized that the results are shifted in one pot because I removed that option that I  I will make some mistake then I will correct it then I will keep playing I make videos in one shot only so just practice that automatically that ok ok that becomes an advantage or that also means you know this is an option  I have had many times in my life this is for life joint entry that you reduce your options yourself, after that you have to choose from whatever is left and from people that if you follow that voucher 10:30 less I  The first crime is punch is the visit in which case is not so meaningful scientific doctor has written a book which is the option WhatsApp is telling WhatsApp is asking that brother how do you do it Chapter agogo22 ओं  cnn-ibn What is the impossible thing in the text, which cannot happen, then it would have been removed, whatever was left was the cigarette, then you have to pick this thing among them, I will add one interesting thing, 15 years from nine, five years from nine, successful.  If you want to be in the top five percent, what should be your target? I will cover in this section that if you want to be on the top 5 percent of passbooks in India from today, then what should be your target?  But you can be in cents, listen, first of all, you should have some job or source of income. If it is regular, you have come, there should be only five of them, there will be only four of them, then you do not have a point, if you fail in even one of them, then you have to  There should be 5 things, the first thing is that you have a job or your work should be a business, there should be less steady support staff, you have to come today, then you don't know when will you come, it is okay with the trust of Ram, MNREGA time, not marriage, it is Ashok, it is okay, so one thing is this.  Chironji should be the second thing, you have been married till now, if someone has considered you worthy of marriage, this is a big thing, this is the husband of public opinion beggars, then people are right, if your marriage is done then you are right.  The third thing is that after you get married, you also have children, which means that the positivity of both of you is a question, there are no reliable medical issues of the body and there is love in the marriage that the girl also wants to have children and the girl also wants to have children.  want boys This is the third point and the fourth point is that your marriage is going on and is breaking. This is the fourth point and the fifth point is that your marriage is going on and is breaking. You have a house of your own. Next generation Stuart BP is struggling to do only these five points, there will be many people who have jobs with high fees, they used to say that this is what we have kept, today you will be in five percent, after 5 years, there will be many people who  There will be work to be done, now wait till this much and dance itself will not be easy, so why would I do it as many people are imagining, but this is in the first five percent, then after today, tell me these five things, after 5 years, in 2036, these five things will happen.  Things which, if any, can be given by sleeping on you in the top five percent, these five will not be enough, may be 2014, I will be five, tell you people, this one of the five is the minimum because you can see this. If you like this in America, then album officer judge and your now Bill Gates join them list is ok environment but also benefit is divorced so many people do not feel this scalp ratunjya they recommend but that is not America people are talking about  The book is always exported to America, their knowledge, let me tell you about India, in which tablet comes second, please like this video, share it and comment that in this I have focused you.  Have been told to do that you have to make a do not want list, write it sometime on Tuesday, remove 1015 things from your list that I do not want in my life, in the juice you are very clear about it and the moment you come to the sense that you are performing at least. Will release unnecessary 91 letters and college going away from your life and you will automatically start getting answers to you from someone else.  You don't have to fit in, brother, tell me thank you, I love you.