That Hello friends, this is a video of real estate education. This is a video of its benefits. Share it with your friends and relatives. The name of the topic is - Bangalore rain and stupid things. So, some of you may have been in the cricket match in the last two-three days.  You are very busy but a lot of things are going viral on social media, the rain in Bengaluru, you know how bad the situation is there, but some LinkedIn posts are being shared which are being shared a lot. It is said in one  Inspector of Noida is very good and come to Noida, okay, leave it Bangalore Chinese and also someone from Gurgaon that it is good to stop in Gurgaon, it is reasonable, everything is good, after doing this, go there and talk about it Hi number one related, what editing and Wants to give clarity to you people, these are very stupid things, you will learn a lot from this, now many people said, hey, you have called Gurgaon a bit bad, Bengaluru. So this entry is happening, this is a very stupid thing, when Hindus wear it on Thursday, then you have to give clarity by awakening the Guru element, at the time of descent of classes, this is the place where people are troubled, that is why something has happened there.  But there is fun in helping or showing sympathy. If something goes wrong, those people write this. These people write that their website is not changed in seven days. The bedsheet of their bed is not changed in seven days and this is the fact.  He writes that after changing all this, tell me this and give this list, education is not that easy, no one comes, no one comes to run sustainable tourism in Punjab, it is described in this, only a few people came out then, even then only a few took it.  Punjab was not empty, only a few people came out. When so much goes wrong, people did not leave so soon. You also send something. It will rain for a day and you have to learn a lot from this. You have to see that the biggest thing is work from.  Home work from home and if it rains, I am being called to the office because I am telling the people of Mangalore how will it rain, if it is raining the monkey, the second thing I want to tell you is when it rains and there is no movement anywhere. And you knew while there is something else, does the laborer not go, does the paint man go anywhere, does the rickshaw puller go, does the auto rickshaw puller go, does the vegetable vendor go, do all of them not cry? These are the people who go out of the house.  will leave  Otherwise, they will have to sleep hungry even on that day, their earnings are yes, but still they remain happy, I am middle class, in the end, put yourself on a slightly higher pedestal, awaken a little Guru element on Thursday and keep yourself at a higher level, not every day.  Every video in front of me, I want to ask you, then what is the compulsion, what is that job? Look at your life, I have taken an example for you, there are many people who, if they do not go out of the house, then they will definitely do it.  They will earn and the birthday has not been specially applied for them, they have to go and earn and if something like this happens due to rain, then that person will not get anything for three days, what happened to the vitamin people, 2 years is untitled, a middle class and Maximum, I will tell them about these flights if their employer is completely at fault, if something happens, the money should be taken out, if someone dies, if something happens, it has nothing to do with profit, growth, profit.  Growth Profit Company and are writing that there has been a loss of so many crores. I am blaming the State Governments, Municipal Corporations and those who are not giving a clean chit to your third government system. But I am saying one thing, once in nature.  If there is too much rain, so much so that a flood situation occurs, no one can stop it, it is sent completely to your Uttarakhand, then you click on it, if there is an earthquake in the food, then whom did you click on? That in big cities like New York, there is a white out, the electricity shuts down and it happens automatically every year, this is the same country which does not have top monitors, isn't it what we are facing here, meaning so many of us in the family, now we  In this, real estate is slightly different in one day's rain, these things do not matter and in such a period, it has to be suggested like if you like and subscribe the video and like reservation in Gurgaon, you will know that 75 cents for Haryana. tell the company group  After suppressing it, now the circle rate has been increased in the government next month and from here we will go, the company will go, everything will be gone, tell me what happened to 75% of Haryana people with less than Rs 30000, that day also I had made a video, he is the one with a job of less than Rs 30000.  Who is in Gurgaon, tell me, she is living here in Rs 30,000, eating food, doing internet, wearing clothes, putting in bike, paying rent, giving electricity, tell me how much it costs.  So there was a reservation in it and those for whom the reservation was made were not happy and they used to click that this is the breaking we have received, do n't know what will happen, a little happy, something happened, a lot of articles should come out, Google it and watch the clarification video the next day.  I had already told you that this does not make any sense and you will know that it will happen, it will happen and good night people, it is that time, Noida people, come to us at that time, now come, I want to tell about such festivals to these people of Gurgaon and everyone, my friend.  Do it on your own, it happens that you want to destroy someone else to establish your home, then in Noida, brother, if you ask for infrastructure then the villagers do not give it, you call the people of Switzerland, call the people of Australia, call the students.  Take nothing else, call your people from Agra and Kanpur, brother, UP is worth 25 crores, why not increase Noida and the expenditure should be so great, then it means population.  That last one got a huge hit of Rs 18 lakhs, why not Rs 25 lakhs? I will also compare Noida and Gurgaon. I am not going to give all the details in that. Noida was formed in 1978 for you people. North Shukla Industrial Development Authority and Okhla in the North and Care old nail housing authority meaning but inside the hatred inside it 150 matrix in one okay meaning understood  Don't talk nonsense, are you subscribing or were you asking that I will invest in property in Noida, I am asking that out of hatred, you are subscribing and want to appoint me. All of you subscribe and from there you will definitely get whatever you want in and there.  But if there are so many of you, then you dogs are being fooled, strange, okay, you are making others too and the villagers are saying that your Tata is sure to be your Tata, so let me tell you one thing in Bengaluru.  Maximum is from a unicorn which is a company worth more than 100 billion dollars. Maximum is fine. Even in a very posh area, his debt is on a car worth Rs 22 crores, so if there is no need to register in it, it is good that the matter and the government Not at all a clean chit and the authorities are there, brother, you should have done your work, audited what policy is in place, but such things will happen in every city in the world.  It happens every day, with a little rain of 5 mm, the whole of Bengaluru got drowned, this time it is a different thing, this time in Gurgaon I always wanted to make my journey in the rain, I was going due to rain, so I got the chance in Bengaluru.  Gave me the opportunity to make rain above in Gurgaon, there was no commotion on this, now nothing has happened which used to happen earlier, now it will say that more rain has come from Israel, there was not much rain, it is fine but whenever it happened and  If some scenes come then we have to see those scenes from the moment of that time that it was cleared in four hours, it was cleared in 10, in 18th piece and in how many times earlier it used to happen and in which direction we are going because India is work in progress. Nothing much is happening in Noida, so there is no work in progress on this, then it is okay, you are from Bengaluru, I will tell you, I am in Bangalore, the metro is closed, so there are jams wherever there is a metro, do you know?  It is great fun, I have opened the wrap, now it is taking time to close it, the operation has to take place, it has been kept closed for many days and she is getting ready, she will get relief from getting ready whenever she gets ready, but God has given up on all this, so you have to drink something.  In the same writing, he has even written Bengaluru weather, weather is a big thing, weather is good because even after making a video, if you do n't do it like this, then let's go here and replied that you are so hateful and it's okay, it's okay.  So this much forest is there  Why will you go there and get a forest? And in Bengaluru, the place where you eat, it is national, so we all understand it, we are dear, but eyes, you do not need to talk to others about this, tremendous zindabad, don't do it, don't do it, you  You know that all this of mine will not happen in the neighboring country, it is your house, your neighbor will suffer loss, so if there is a fire in the neighbor's house, then you will not get any benefit, people, no subscribe, you definitely have to subscribe, that someone is in Mumbai.  to me  Subscribe It takes years to establish your system. When I will teach the history of real estate to my platinum members who are starting my company on Saturday, you will understand. If you want to join the course then you can become platinum members.  If you are there, I will understand from the history of 4 thousand years how it is, it is not like that, I will not make 42 thousand speaker topics, it will remain only a sub topic, it will remain a typing topic, then you People can take platinum membership by pressing these buttons and connect with them on WhatsApp. In this I will clear things like how the real estate system works and what is the wrong thing to wish for someone. Blue  eyes Agri with me in this Thursday You Agri with Jupiter element increase yours If it is okay from inside then please increase yours and say Agri is a very good city of our country Bengaluru is a big CTA of IIT  Word was born from 125, otherwise here you know that computer is in North India, now if you say North then I am doing it to the people of South India, I am not doing anything to anyone but let me tell you that brother, it is very good and its Don't play with this kind of negativity. For Bangalore, I want this Gurgaon to do very well. Good for India, what about the world? When someone else talks differently, then someone else has to do bad. Friends, if you have this much confidence in yourself.  On Saturday, against the dish, potatoes were given to every student, to the people of Switzerland, to the people of England, we told them to give it to us, and instead of here, why are you confusing your people, which is fine here, I hope you people get the biggest message. How did you like the video? Do tell.  You guys do write in the comment section below whether this is right or wrong, what is just cost, is something shooting down your investment, shooting down your narrative, for whom this news is also important.  Channels drop everything man is going on a narrative and agenda world find every bird its food but man and this means the consumer has to see that if anything is shooting it alive and it is shown to him then the voucher is this Then you are no longer a human being, then you will go towards the voucher that in someone's sorrow and in a bad situation, you will want to play your own game in it, you have to make all of them yours, mine is mine, all is well, my family is fine, long live. Long live my country, long live my caste, long live my everything, long live others, don't say that this is the largest, ok, thank you.