That Hello friends, Basics of Numerology, this could have been my first video but now the third video because the first video was made about numbers eight to nine, the one with which I told the special is very well-received, so today I will do some basic knowledge.  I understood the people very well and got a lot of respect and love but in his comment I feel that regarding the Sangh, I should subscribe. In the video, you understood then that people are different from me. That number is very good. The video is fine.  so it is  I don't mean that I am not doing anything new, I think the way I explain things, okay now you people think that he has succeeded in reducing the human being in the thing, number 13 is this. What is the most stupid way to explain something from Produce Hote, this is the song word, but I will tell you this tomorrow, if you want to know about Frozen Call, then I will make a video on this also, okay, why should one not know the pros and cons, because the man should not subscribe.  You can understand, I will explain it in this video. Amazing, do you want to understand the number, understand the energy of the number, understand the nature, as you fold, if I speak, then you would have understood what the thing is, subscribe till the end and in its neighborhood itself.  You know that, then you know that it is fun at home, you know Allu Allu, you know it tastes different with peas, it tastes really good with puri soon, its front one will have something different in the next one. one of the few  It is only potato, so I will try to explain to you the similar energy and nature of all the numbers. When you understand, then I am telling you only the basics of understanding that no human being is bad, whatever a human being is, something happens.  It proves to be good for a person, it proves to be not good for a person who is engaged in the job full time and he is missed a lot there and he remains engaged, perhaps too much, and such people are considered very good.  also in the adverb a family  He will not be able to do the annual report and his job is not respected even in the family man function. Now it has become more dependent. If you see your driver, who keeps following you all the time, does good work, you have given him a salary of Rs 15000, now he is  He does the household work for Rs 25,000. It would be very good for you. It is also good for someone else. You have to see that a son has become a startled devotee and listens to his parents.  Not at all and he also despises those whom he calls wife's slave. Qutub Shah is not good for his wife and not good for his parents, so we have to see that darkness and that human being are also there every time, energy change.  It is basically the same thing that those who are trained in potato, the reaction is different with whom the potato is living, as you must have seen in chemistry, different elements are thought of and then compounds are formed.  Reactions take place, this is how it will do with it, hydrochloric acid will be formed, a seal will be formed, if it is left, this will happen, if it melts, it will happen, then at that level you understand, till the time the individual asks how, he understands the formula only once.  So numerology is very simple 19 number 6, each method has its own units, we will not put those products in the category of good and bad, okay hmm, we will do it in the chapter of your safety.  Don't you think that I will have a problem, then I am the brother to take, so I will have to say that now I call him blue with the number, I told him that it could be worse than you, Sal dystrophy means to destroy yourself.  There will be no meaning beyond this, that is, although I told that coffee is a good thing, it is fine in it, but people consider my actions as bloody, above death, what is it that I do through this body, whatever all these numbers are, that is pure misunderstanding.  Understanding that you just have to wait for your number, I am very good, I am sure you will collide with me, son, daughter-in-law, father-mother, you are appointed with free leave, they delete all your numbers on daily basis, when you leave the house, you get to know the numbers of your boss.  If you get to know about your birthday, you get to know about your family members, even if you don't know, in South India, people even ask about the constellation, then which constellation is the trend, is it normal, is it bad manners.  Issues are not considered, no their system and understanding level, this one I am Anuradha, ok this one is of number, it is not our stripes that there are 27 constellations, there are 27 constellations, so I am showing them in Raghbir, if you want to learn then you can become a number.  You can easily get videos in Pune by listening to the application with the same ease, subscribe that it is the teacher's fault, it is the teacher's fault, teachers should explain.  Okay, let's go ahead in Neurology. When you will know about yourself, how you think, what we think, we think, the world thinks like this, the need comes from quantity, then what will be the benefit to us Neurologist.  I will teach you the masala number easily and easily. One number has already been explained in detail which you guys liked very much. Now tell me how to start the second number. I am fine, it can also be set randomly, there is no such action.  And why should we go?  That I am a person with energy in Monday Inter, the day I get energy from that number, I will create energy from that number and people will feel that I am the same. This is the specialty of Guru and this is the difference between teachers and Guru. Guru's energy runs on the teacher's syllabus.  I am jealous that every teacher cannot be a Guru and that every Guru is a Shakti, so today is Teacher's Day, when it is being recorded, then all the teachers also have to tell me that within the Guru and the teacher, that the Guru of the Guru is the one on the full moon day. Day happens, you must have seen that who will take, okay, the teacher is also a good teacher, if there is no one in it, it is not that the teacher, but why earlier and the Guru used to teach everything and everything there, then it was not that there is importance and is teaching chemistry search. In cigarette physics and all that, he only knew everything because after knowing the basics, we can learn any subject through a template and it can also be taught. It is also a very important need that the teacher gives information or the guru gives knowledge. what about information  When not to use it, it will give the knowledge, okay, just the bus, okay, and in Cardiff, you all must have heard one in the reserve knowledge, ' Knowing That Tomato, Respect Root', that this knowledge but still not getting benefits, flat in wisdom, okay?  This front is yours together, neither you see gravity nor I use it, I don't know you, we all, I am gravity, its a little better Guru 's Guru Tattva [Music] Do Subscribe  Increases till in English. First of all, before doing grease, understand yourself and what is the base system and also many people argue that there are eight nine ten crore people in Nidra Devi, so tell them nine numbers, then one number.  It's a long road, the numbers are like ok, yes, the template is 11, there is a lemon, which is one citrus fruit, so how many citrus fruits should you take, tell me how many will you get, all are the same, okay, those are the other ones.  As  If you subscribe then it's okay, if you have some kind of grains and pulses of different types, then either this kind of thing resides inside it, you can make the accused number for it is not a single, maybe if you do it then in real life, then the land from the railways. Acquired, take out, dip, if one number is unique, then how many combinations are there, I will discuss it and if there are videos in the video, then please like those videos and then if you like it, then subscribe loudly like this. So the creator is like this, how to take it back to the audience, brother, tell me what do you want, we have this, I liked it, if you don't like it, I will not make it, it's okay, but if you like it, because look, I made the video because 2 have been made so far.  There is very good feedback on both of them, now the one with number one has been kept there, it is okay, the one with number one and that urologist definitely has intestine in it, now I will make all the ones like you have made with them, so am I making a mistake in understanding this? Through the video, you can tell me by writing in the comment section because whatever is made, energy is released, it definitely feels right, whatever you feel, how do you guys feel, whatever number I will make, you will give it and that is the number, that is where the application is felt.  That's why you are called like this, so this number is made with energy only by doing that and other people do not make it, it is made in 110 ways, so I will make it. Brothers and sisters, sit today, there are three numbers, these are the pores of number 3.  Which one is it, the job is good for them, the phone number is good, it is like this and then they should do it like this, they will get stronger in this, it is fun to sleep like this, if you want to tell me from inside, then there are three numbers like this. Understand your mistakes and focus less on your strengths and shortcomings and focus more on stretches so that they get deleted. This is also a big learning. People work too much and removing hair nice is the wrong way. Will reply you should always work on strength to strength or weakness. If we have to do this then leave it. If it is there then leave it. Do not increase it forcefully by doing wrong. But while working on this, this is the reason for the birth of the video in a separate video. Many people would like to make a good video on this too, so give me speed feedback, thank you.