Hello friends, today's topic is sister, take anything from us, it is going to be a very interesting informative video, watch it till the end or comment if you like it, like it, share it, but youngsters will definitely see that many years ago in jewellery.  Hallmark of was coming and Nan was the last one to go, so when our mothers and sisters used to go to buy jewellery, Meen used to ask the goldsmith to the shopkeeper what is this special month, I  He used to say that if you have expensive things then if you don't buy anything then your character will never give that thing at that time. This is the test of that thing. Why was the thing said to be expensive? Only the plus was said to be expensive. The total product was never explained coldly because the inventory was so old.  Do you know what is the drop time of that person and what is the condition of the old jewelery and also what is the condition of the old jewelery if you go to sell because the filtering is not mental soldier and Hallmark then you know.  What is it, when technology changes, there is a lot of protest at that time. When computers come from type writers, many people will face problems. If you keep a tigress, type fast, then get it out on computers. Children will play video games. Hey, computers will eat up the jobs of the world.  It was a lot of trouble, do you remember in the beginning the washing machine was semi-automatic, so there was no opposition from many people to buy it or many stories were told and what kind of cleaning was this, put all the clothes together, birds, we will not add.  Many mothers, sisters and little ones were beating each other and extracting the juice. I did not know in my life that Saturday should be done automatically, then slowly each other came to know about it, friend, this washing machine is not a distance thing, in this, Subhash can go far, all this was from semi automatic when automatic came.  Hey sister, it is automatic type, it destroys the whole thing, till you turn off the water, then it is in our water twice. Move the estimated meeting. What do you think, it means it rotates, take out your clothes, put it in the printer and do it.  This has made it expensive automatically, what is the benefit, there is no benefit, slowly brother, you all are doing it, I do n't know what happened now, please comment, tell me how my examples look, I am India's number one real estate clarity work, I am my  Tell me, if you people believe then comment, if not then tell me who is better than me, I will learn something from him, how does the actual life work from the example of the city? Like.  It is very important to say something even in the air, the weight, the time, the venue is the platform and when you have full wisdom and knowledge on that messenger, if you only extract it, it is called that, but it is your reservoir, that is Vijay Volume, I am extracting such a thing, topic.  I bring my knowledge and construction. My knowledge and construction are not new technology. I did not say that I was born yesterday, I have a Nobel Prize, I have received it the day before yesterday and my claim to fame is this year.  There is no relative in old India that in the end Haqqani in Gurgaon, it is built like this, a lot of capacity is increasing as if there is no tomorrow, but still it is not there because not many products have come on the market, swear by acid list technology, you  You could have also said that look at the Hallmark and see how it looks, after running it for 5 years, you will take 100 grams with thumb and half inch, then please comment Bills 2019 2321 New in premium segment Launch Which is the product in this which is not my one construction? I am flat on the topic, that is in this chapter, the builder is not talking about protection. If there is no proper premium construction, then this is an idea and one story. This story will no longer be there that only power steering vehicles are coming. Ninth is already on its page, the inventory has run out, it is in the market but only power steering vehicles are coming from the new factory.  So both of these are very easy, not only us but also the not bar is also good, it will work, what difference does it make, there is no such thing after so many years, we also run the network, our hands and legs will become strong, we can speak because there is fine left in them.  Similarly, there is a lot of inventory left but when you want to give clarity in life, you will have to comment, we can only give you what you want, then take the advice of what, brother, you only have to see, small setting, no result, I will tell some girl.  the one who came here  A relative has a brother-in-law, a young girl, looking for a boy of 24-25 years of age. Tell me a little, be careful, will you say something like this, but open one, take a boy, yes, all are the same, that one was on display, it was Shraddha Pitra.  What is left in it, look at Bhoomi, Hey you, we made hard toe stitch and I made it from cotton, this is her, this is not okay, in everything, even a closed clock shows the right friend twice a day, so the circle is Pappu's. Papa is in a hurry and there are six reasons why you should improve your mathematics. It is not completely bad. Even if you give it, it will remain closed, but Pappu's father is fine with eating the sentence. So you have to watch it. When the technology is changing, they also have a table, so I am keeping track of the time.  It's like, now do whatever, tell me what is happening, I myself am trapped, the old up letters are not visible in the old one to launch, yes you sell it, take it out and see what is the rate, some new youngster who is buying the first house today 30 35 light  Double Income Group is not ready to take any old flat. If they will become black and yellow taxis, then they have confidence and in Kotdwar Delhi, they talk to the people of Delhi like, Bhai Saheb, this is not very good. Some people of Delhi say that I We can't do it by demolishing what is there. If we get bored then I can't do anything about it. What is your plan to demolish the bedroom and make the drivers bigger then it will feel good and then later on when petrol is needed then the roof will be covered.  inside the Change friends, upper flight phimosis oil what type of elephant, if money comes, we have more money, so this is the creativity we have to eat, I have got a lot of money and I am bored with this Nath, so I got plastic surgery done because I am also bored.  I am here and I don't have money, there are many other things to invest even a single penny, but see, we can change the furniture, give a diamond to my wife, and for her entry, we will take a car, this rich actor Aamir is who he is.  at home Don't get rich even if you do a little, the amount is only for the mother, this work is done by the impatient people, threats, the amount of big, you will become rich or will remain more, it is up to you to differentiate. Electrical fittings which are available in Melbourne, please go to Cream Winters for a complete map.  We make a CD, put the soft copy on the server and where the Nuvvu Subscribe design is done, we sell the old builder floors which are already built, according to which the mine has been built and gone, which one is built and what is it.  If everything is due to be withdrawn then they make it out that they were bad then when everything is fine by going to Technology Aryan office then calling the number and getting it fixed with you, there is no problem, just tasty because piping is the latest thing in all my one.  2021 June: If all the fiber is outside then when the pipe is inside then it will need to be broken. This is related to this. It is clear that those who are returning in the market have come from behind, from the South today, power will be coming for two-three years. That you consider them to be very bawdy, that means that they will not get such things, on one side the problem happened when the [ __ ] of the notification person falls, when to put fake, who is sitting on the stage in Dhabi, tell me, will you offer the method of Spiderman and not here?  If your head is broken, then Adam, if you go to your friend and say, brother, fix it, then why are you worried because this thing is number five?  The cob is sleeping, I have got the data from the time when everyone was surviving, I have the mud lying there, it is completely covered with plastic, it rains, if a tourist plant had been found, then there would be no need of off science in it, on Dwarka Expressway since 2010, 2 years 17  Whoever became like this in the middle of 16, did not even want this to happen, they did not even know that this water is used as tanker mafia, the vidro was lying on the back of their neck that there was salt in the water, their  If a cigarette is smoked then lemon water is thrown, that water itself was not good, no one wants it in winter, both of my regulations are spoiled, health is fine, everyone wanted profit but our condition is bad and some of them beat that there is a project even from the builder.  It is not the case that these 2,000 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 projects are located very well, so those technologies have come only to give you the things that people used to think in India or  This is what happens at the Shikshamitras for 15 minutes, sometimes someone doesn't like it, someone gives a lot of knowledge, someone worries a lot about technology, but if every person knew it, then they come to know after seeing Yuvraj, then I have brothers and sisters to scold and do their work.  So it's not like I will make it and show it all to you, you are the one who subscribed to me, 10,000 subscribers were made yesterday, the day before yesterday itself, thanks to all of you, for that I have a request to you guys.  By making a video of 15 to 20 seconds for me, if you live in such a society or pass by it, which looks like an Indian, then make it for me, I will make a clipping for 10 minutes, I will not display the name of the product.  I have to do this because it is our brothers' flight. This tour of mine is not meant to crush the market. Again, this tour of mine is to make these people aware. Delhiites are short of editors but now they too have got it. Delhiites too.  Own  Are you bored with creativity and with which creativity do you break it? Leave it. Make a big mistake in my kitchen today. Today you have made it outside. I have done this the day before yesterday. These people are bored with the shop. They should leave it immediately.  Keep your cover, cover the ball pen, someone had put something on it, now he said brother, let's go to Gurgaon, let's go to Gurdon Channel and in Gurgaon also old pension societies example action.  There is nothing that Mahindra and you can do on Twitter. It is written in the agreement that the statement is of winter and you cannot change anything. There is a danger of being debited this year. Do you want to live in such a society where the above ground is rattling?  The lower one has been planted, you have got more, you have got the upper one, your whole life is being pinched, the walls are shaking, taking the walls from above, we are in the seismic zone for some time, while we are there, send good wishes to brother in WhatsApp.  Will take digestive inches Hey, when there is an earthquake, then brother, these new ones are being made, this program of 8595 tractors is being done, in old vehicles, look for them directly, then gradually tighten the seat belts in the vehicles, then come the good ones, then give air to the front.  Now there are six whole hairs in the bag, then you can take this little thing, what is all this, but the state is in the hands of God, the old people are just the inventory from the ancestors, when all this is gone, then they will tell you whether to take it or not.  Hak Discovered Yes-Yes 9 system entry went free, I wanted to tell this to the people who sell this strat and also to the people who make it, the one who makes it is smart, it costs a lot of money for the tube, but what is boiled means all that if it is considered khichra. So it is cheap, there is more incentive to sell it and if the buyer wants the organization, then all three goal lines will be there. No, the buyer cannot sell this product cheaply and take incentive, but I am saying that should there not be a fielder discussion because I  in dispute  Don't Believe Controversy Parrot in Tears I am not a dialogue, think so what happens in a dialogue, dialogue is a topic, it is being discussed, I am saying this, you are saying this, this is saying who is saying what.  In this note, personal life is not important, what is important is this discussion, what will happen, should this topic be made future because it is people's hard earned money, do you want to put it in Kaali Peeli Taxi new?  The one who is trapped, he feels trapped, he is the water of knowledge, people, I am also trapped in one, the rest, I had a relation, so I threw him out, protested from the house too and the rate of landing is this much, must you have heard after throwing him out?  This is taking out Hey, don't be relieved, I excise all of you on my request, I am the one with the photo, so I told him to make a video of 15 seconds, wherever you can see the plaster jerking, please give me the [ __ ].  In 1520, on the 25th floor, Spiderman Monday was not going to happen and it will hardly remain like this forever and we have become so used to this ruler that I will tell you a small example. I am doing this research on social media anytime.  If I happen to be there, then he is shocked to know that I am the one from Mumbai, who is doing a job, from whom he is taking out the glasses, he is the one with the camera, Hey Malaika ji, it is life to walk by making small pieces, so I am that.  Kareena had left behind Malaika Juni Dai, what is she behind, what is the bad condition of her, whoever you put on the seat, this is a hero, Hero Fincorp is definitely the one who is on Shahrukh Khan level hangouts, the rest are the ones who go out.  They were saying that there is a camera, look behind how this nonsense can be found, then here came the mind construction, first of all I came to Mumbai to share on Reliance Care record room that if we are Hameed, we are rich, some  Still, this flower should be good to look at, otherwise it is a very big thing, I am telling you June 21, people will call June wife, the only difference is that when the neck is different from this, what will happen in it, it is not possible to see 365 in 365.  The old inventory that is there has to be disposed of. Once again it has to be disposed of. This is the thing that you have to keep in order to narrate a story. Deficiency in marble correction is very difficult. I add it from Bilaspur.  Neither is it fully needed from inside, but from outside it is upcoming urban. Don't let the correctional vehicle catch fire and wait for a long time. If you take the fire brigade vehicle then only the paint will get damaged and that too is wrong. Do it there tomorrow so as not to fall.  If there is a student in it, then a tableau is put up. Now in any testing in control investment, the same thing happens in the last front. Those of you who know a little science about concrete would know this, but the temperature inside is thousands, outside this concrete here  It is 40 degrees. Check out the videos I have made on YouTube. Whatever informational videos I will make, a class can be set by googling them because saying this is how I feel, it is not like that, it is just a feeling, it changes on that.  In the market because we don't want to become a rolling stone that today this is also okay, then good, now it's okay, take this, take that too, what did I know in the topic, my sister, take anything, cabinet.  In this sister, it is fine, the rest is your choice, the thing itself is fine and whether this thing was there or not and because of this, it is not right, then this is to increase the confusion in the RAC market, to reduce the swelling, the rest of the country is free money, Hindu.  The public should apply it wherever they want, after that you saw one thing that the mental block will break or they will dance that I will tell you through my own example, I have told the story till now, Dish WhatsApp will also bring my name off edition WhatsApp, is this important?  It will be done, we will keep it in two-three hours, then gradually I realized that it is Friday night, it means putting the entire list of money in WhatsApp, if she keeps 2 3 4 of it then she does something in the vessel and takes out a little, then it  It is set up, you set it up at the shop, you set up the whole process on your own, you pay all your money, then it is like a medium company, the programs available within it are different, they are also good and expensive, you have compared them to Amazon etc. and that. That electricity keeps on running on the machine. Brothers and sisters are washing utensils on the court's orders. Hey, that Shalini and all three are not edited. Tea leaves are not available to the prisoners and they feel like drinking tea. Otherwise, I did not know about such blackness and before that, I did not even know about it.  Technology is needed that yes, when you don't know anything, if you know well then why is there a power company, is it value for money, is it expensive, not at all expensive, you understand it according to the project, old destination.  For saw ₹ 50 level plug was 150 Muslims, okay now - tension is gone, yes, the goods are worth ₹ 11080 and there is a request of ₹ 3, so if you have mental trouble on level poverty, then what brothers, would you like to eat halwa with desi ghee or  Dip it or say no, I will bring three confectioners and pour it and it will be cooked with great quality and at one place there is some automated system where something gets cooked automatically and can be made at home. This is Halwa and I need the goods and use like AC. I have skilled labor but the skill developed is costing me in an hour. Going to value option, Manav cigarette is 110 but it is not the 10 most expensive, which is expensive because of the cost of funds.  If Twitter also happens, then suppose this thing was being built in 4 years, it could become a protector in one and a half years, two virgins can be made 100 in a year, then when it is giving good things to the printer, it can be built quickly by becoming a builder.  If the actual cost is coming down then brothers and sisters, this is what is needed due to technology and below is the technology in life, today there is TV with LED, this is for a percentage which is how much the salary was, tell me, keep watching TV 30 years ago.  Neither life was spent, salary was spent, buying TV was done in installments and it felt as if I do n't know in this world, we used to watch Ramayana and Mahabharata in each other's houses. I remember all those times correctly.  If technology is changing, things are becoming better, cheaper and better. Secondly, there is an Indian proverb, 'Give charity and your grandson will fill it.' When he turned 21 in the last year, he used to wear a kurta, then when he is busy in small things, as the birthday approaches, we  Always whenever you want something, you need it very fast, 100% of your soil, we are of this higher power, I will change it, whether you have to leave the clothes or changed what you are wearing, nowadays you have to see, in this world you have to get a  The thing with this option is that you can spread the deduction in such a way that you build a house, build a house, buy this much house again and again, build it tomorrow, whose benefit is it, the builders never get the profit, what you are selling is not to increase your transactions. Even today, get it fixed, if you paste it, we will give you a great day. Entry Laden's entry is an accident share market phone is that in fact share market also all the gurus speak warden professor lekar saptak you should  At that time, long-term wealth I want to tell all the independence created over a period of time, this boredom, change, seven births, India is with my wife, in India, we have to do things on a small level, that is, for a few days.  The wife of one birth has grown disappointing, now America is the problem that the meaning is bored, then from Madrid what do they say next, second why not Ambani's trees, even then you are also in the opposite mode easily.  If you are coming from such an old house then do not take it seriously and if your business becomes very good then it is better for you to change the house. By vandalizing you inside the same house, Vaastu gets destroyed. There was once a peeping bathroom, you can make chutney there.  Meaning, I am a Vaastu specialist, so much for this. There is opposition to new technology. There is always a typewriter. I told you that in this season, I have opposed my wife's clear money and the medico too.  Expenses are being paid, there is electricity too, but now there is a ginger button, we were standing at that point shining, now what would have happened if it was visible in sight, you can see I am Dish WhatsApp but the rest is a little weak, that is the best WhatsApp, take all of them.  Take that you and Ghumani and what is the meaning of its silent meaning excellent product made of soil, people used to put sugar in the houses, some of that schedule is off, it is stuck to it, how many such signs are lying around in the marriage, that your 2535 40's and good teaching  I agree, people should embrace the technology, if it has not changed then till the time the inventory is there, the juice will go to the cream because if you give then please understand, see, I can also understand, I too have pain, today people living a normal life are 35 cents old.  If there are people, then if that is more of a joke, their valuation is less cream, I can treat it in which I too, the other four are like you, it is mine, it is appropriate for someone to be two-three, most of the time I accept it as a joke, then then  Missions, I completely understand your pain, but Shetty said, now take a new one, I have two lakhs each for my warriors, right now take the one you can understand, listen to everyone, do as per your wish, but only a small set of yours.  Do it on 21st June, how much is the rate of my property, call me, how much will it be sold for, some reason, if the achievements are clear or not, there is no buyer right now, hey, you tell me, there are no buyers for the old property, they eat up the related ones through express. Any  A launch comes, a good recipe works, this is how it is dealt with, you also know that from affordable housing to window AC, three tier properties, in which, friends, there is another meaning that you have to study the ongoing subjects, what happened that by joining together, these launches were made in minor areas.  Their rates have increased and now let me tell you that they have increased so much and the current ones are less expensive than the earlier ones too. Show the pills on YouTube. Okay, twenty five to thirty percent increased and the pages of the old flats are useful.  Leave it big, it is getting smaller, so it is you and the one who will get a good net, when all these members will come into position, you too, still people are ready to move in, a lot of big things will also be done because even now People are afraid that if they go into something new then they will get such a position in these 22 years and people also think that if they get something in four-five years, then no one is going to come out.  is because  It is their dream that whoever is licensed, whoever is fresh, deprived, in the premium segment, in the big one, all of you are guests, so you have to see that you can love this technology, you can hate it, you cannot ignore it.  If someone is worried about whether or not he is still feeling that this could be bad, this could be bad, then you have to see if there are any small things that can go bad because 30 years have passed. It is available in the international market  And in the Indian market too, if I take into account the Mumbai market, because I have told you that the President of Google Gurgaon is there, then it has been in the Indian market for the last six years, but now this is the time, in a few days only power steering vehicles will be available. Big B and old cars are coming in the market, marriage will become black and yellow taxis, you have to give a question, how did you like the video in this, may it be a little long but it becomes necessary to clear things, please share it, tell me in the comment.  Don't be afraid and if you like it, please like it and I have requested you to make a video and share it with me so that I can show people that brother, have you not seen this thing when plumbers have issues? This is embedded in the youth.  Then I have to leave it inside, I do n't get any migraine because it is a palace, it continues from outside, it is there, not only this, thank you very much.