Hello friends, I am going to tell you about Gurgaon's Paste Ready to Movie Affordable Housing, how does the valuation increase if you approach that thing, its name is what is ready, its name is and the subscribe sub screen is there, you have to buy it in real, you can go and buy it. Want to become a tenant, can become based society based, how to show photo, all those locations are 102 best, then it is discussed on meter road, which will be converted into model, because of that it is best. Due to him there are four running schools in the society including DPS School, Heritage School and four schools which are running well today and because of him, the environment of Satya Hafiz is not the best. At a distance of 415 meters, it is because of him.  This is also not the best, there is a small problem, a 24 meter long road is being built from one side, that problem will also go away in a year and a half, that too is not a hobby, that is why it is the best, I had promised.  I asked you guys about affordable housing, can you make it like I am telling you, this is the best society because the people here are the best, now they are my relatives of the best, I have gone and taken some edit from them, that is my interest. Videos were received that what a wonderful function was organized in this society on Janmashtami. If it is not in a famous society or nearby, then this frill is double written, so many lovely people, children have become Krishna, they have become Radha, what arrangement is going on in the function? Looking at it, it shows that brotherhood is the best in this society. Secondly, I am the one who gives the idea record to you all. The society can be of any choice and it is applicable for the society for free. If your builder is in the district and that name itself is useless then that name should be given to you.  Change the name of that society, change its name to Gokuldham Society, Soft IT is nothing but made by people, if those people are crying and making their videos and creating ruckus, then that is why  That the salary will end but if the positivity which I am bringing through this video because I say that I do only two things, I make you happy and rich, just give to charity, then by putting things in perspective, my jobs are to make you happy and  Rich Rich First And Happy Day And Happy First Rich Later Date Order You Will Decide What Means Positivity These People Have Function Organized A Pretty Of The  President Tomorrow Never Lies Dormant Like Subscribe They are the ones who can organize such a wonderful function, that is, their coordination among themselves is good, their communication with each other is good, then two real brothers do not do functions in their house, they say, 'Yours, she will make puri, I will make mine,' Sattu's tricks Guddu Two brothers are not able to arrange among themselves If I am talking about small functions inside the house, then this society is very hybrid.  Very good located, you will enjoy living here, you have to live on rent, it is different in that area, there you live on rent in this society, if you live in affordable housing then what are some good things about your affordable housing?  You can tell that we are all good people, we live in this affordable housing, this is its power, you can tell something by doing this, see our society, we ourselves spent 200 ₹ 500 and set up a nice swing.  Do children do excise or have a gym been built? Look, car parking is not electricity, but we have made our own internal arrangement so that there is no trouble. We have set our mind that if someone parks behind someone else's car, then his number will be on it.  Will leave, we have made a mechanism in our mind, we live together, in this way, I can suggest you a desu mechanism, not only affordable premium ball also, which you can increase the valuation of your society by ten percent.  Can it be done immediately? So brothers and sisters, will the woman's valuation increase? 10 questions, will there not be allegations, will the current increase? Reddy, whatever I say is verifiable information, so you can go and see the location and to see the people there, to feel it.  There is a need to go at the time of Vibrancy. If there is a need to go to some festival then come follow RO follow 102 people. Navratri is coming after a few days.  Can you do such a function, can you make some videos and share what I said and those videos were deleted by me, they were short, of two-three minutes, my plan was to show my hand, but I request you guys, you are number one.  Society Alleges Aaliya Se 102 Ready To Move In In Gurgaon And During Navratras Is You Can Connect I Will Have To The World Dabi Seen The Energy Office Society It Holds If She Is This  All about people will ask positivity please affordable positivity and do it and spend a little water everything is not a child save everything save a lot but have lived well yes maybe and your 10 20 30 40 identity they are 99 thousand rupees  lakhs, I will not agree, exam point is neutral, no one has given lakhs of rupees, you are okay, then write this much to me, you guys can be guaranteed. Took to subscribe This should be discussed about that too We should fight the war 2000 Eight Listen for a short fiction I am telling you 22500 are also being made Will double No rocket science only Inflation Inflation Labor cost These things only 1992 Mein Ki Get Hold of the Society with a Sense of Ownership You are the Owner and Don't Be Help Lesnar Saheb Aapke Paas Hai  Rules on Ad: If you do not like the name of the builder and the name of the society, you can change that also, it is not necessary, you have made yourself Gokuldham Society, whatever mosquito you like to meet, Happy Home Society, whatever you like.  If you want to do it, you can do it, this is your right, if you want to check, how to do it, then you can change, how did you like this video, this printer will be worth 1000 for reaction, positivity, the time of festivals is also coming, next one.  happy thank you