get freedom from your job, then the most important thing is to do a job. Baby, that is because if a 25 year old man takes a job and does it for eight years, Baahubali, it is okay in India, then Pattinson does a job.  If this is the case, if his wife takes up a job, then the 17 year old baby's job and the 17 year old husband's job slips away. If the other 35 becomes a job, then one of them can get freedom.  Easily the topic is that BP, wife's job is important, husband's job is important, disposable subject, any of you can tell me by writing in return, write yourself, how many of you are double income group, if wife is also working then one and a half and who is not.  Write it right there, ok quickly, all the DJ songs from Just Once Again, how many of BSP Ling I am doing good to, ok and whose end ne  Those who have, it is okay to make their wife work, then click as many dig hands as you can, those who don't have a choice, one has to be written and all those who have, are requested to tell their wives to start earning money.  Jab 20000 ka me 15 earning 10 comments ok airtel retailer one hokar bachi slipknot merit wale please meet my marriage soon ok I have a little question  A trick portion question is, you tell me as many people as you can, tell me some tips, is the wife's job important or the husband's, if it is the husband's, then write PTI and if it is the wife's, then take the wife and tell me which one is important, okay?  Who's job is more important? Both are employed. Whose job is more important? Okay, really write and so many people are writing wife. Brigade's husband husband husband husband wife very very very very very very husband husband  Husband and wife are equal to each other, they can't even gather, a lot of time will tell. Look, when a question is asked, the answer is 34. He writes a different one. Which one do you think is correct in your copy, then see, this activity has been taken care of, isn't it the husband's mistake? Job is important, isn't it? Wife, if both of them are working, if only one is working then his job is important because it is his job, how can it be the other, but when both are working then the job is not important.  Relationship is also very simple and family's protest Potter and JIS among them his job Vikram Singh Spotted, which job is more comfortable, which job is for money and which person himself cannot master much and cannot do much different work, in most of the cases it is  The answer comes wife, I will explain that the wife is a lecturer, a teacher, she is in a bank and has any other job. If these attacks are fine then you have taken her job, she is a lady and has children to look after, so she listens carefully to Apple, history is very important knowledge.  She is a very topper, what else does she do? And so what is the problem with her, what is her slow tension that when she has done the job, I have to have a child and then have to do another one too, nowadays if she is doing only one, then she is postponing it and running the house of the woman. Thinker, I don't have time, I used to work, I am a doctor at home, I manage my growth, I do n't have time, that's why these wives are falling ill, how much has this growth happened and do you think that this man is  So by writing a little piece with your name, you will easily take the knowledge for 2 hours, your eyes will be protested that lady is doing some work for you or it is childhood, she will be repairing, she will be looking at the child, she will be sitting for maximum in this region.  That their job development is important for you, so you take a look with your eyes and tell your wife, brother, you keep working on the basis of your job, matchbox and I will do something, this is why wife's job is Vikram Singh Support  And the relationship is important first, second thing what do you have to do. Husband and wife who are both working, try to exchange job. Very tasty bed scene with. If the husband wants to do good, then he who has to contribute as much as he can, should do 25 cents.  Out of 100 household chores, the husband should also put 75 of them on his wife. Do 25 of them otherwise she will die. Where will she even do the job for the house? Swapna Sharma sang on the song 250 grams of you rough work.  If you do, then you will get trapped in the hustle and bustle of the job, and the one whose wife is not working is making progress, and many people are making great progress, including the wife who is employed without salary and is making her family like this.  There are many jobs, you people will understand in Hindi, where the wives are doing the job of the husband in the country court. Bigg Boss appoints more in the office as direct, indirect cream and in government jobs, so their organization is like this.  It happens in which the ladies' house is running separately, all the money of Shahrukh is returned, they have their own system, well and contributed. How many people understood what I said that the woman is helping her husband in losing his job?  Meaning she also does some work for her husband, you are understanding ok so now that man and BT can't do a tissue when sister in now post weather it's corporate post and easy in government post and good vibes working  You can't fit in, the one whose wife is not working is crazy, his couple, the wife has thrown everything out on her husband, I will make her a brother in 1981, I will raise a child, I will eat, then everything will be yours, no tension, Ritu, hold on to the bank work. Take action in the job, you will loot the claws of karma here soon, together we have expressed them, you can do the Britney of such a person, if your wife is working, then you are relaxed, then you can do the BT.  There is someone like me who will emerge as a star in the office. So many of you are doing this as your own. Those who reach the top, if death enters their homes, then the parents love their son, we will do it, so keep them engaged in the job at home. So here we don't have any tension, this boss is ready to work for 1416 hours, he has to bring vegetables, he has to work in the bank, he doesn't have to do anything anywhere, all the wife, parents, someone is doing it, I am very I take all kinds of consultations, I am a parental astrologer, I know everything about what is happening in real life, he is not telling you anything by standing up like this, Vinath is of a very high level, as you can probably understand, he is showing a higher level. So you can't do anything brother, stop completing, you can't become any more, relax, your wife works, you have to go to the house and get some help from your wife, brother, if you are ambitious, this  Thinking that my husband is also working and I will become something, if you become very top class then you will have to leave your husband's job and call. If wife chat starts on Monday time, wife gets into dishonor's bedsheet and you will enter after every hour.  This is how husband and wife have to decide the team, but mostly advisors, both of them reduce their ambitions. Brother, if you are earning money then everything will go to them. Our wife's job will also go to them. Job, money, mutual fund, shares, properties, children, good clothes and gifts to Saudi family, and you will do well in job too, including who was in Ganga ji in the last hit, which will add so much to your pocket money and  She is rooted and busy in her job and the man is also ambitious and busy, the house is over, divorce, who will cook the food, food will be of any merit, will you tell me which Bhindi to make or whether to make that now?  Do you want to make Brinjal or what to make of it, or will the minister wait and tell you? Medico, you told me the thing, but there is some gas in your stomach, you can do well in between, now how will we know how is your stomach on Friday?  There are struggles at that time, he is enjoying it, then tell me, have you understood that if husband and wife work together, both of them are so angry that Delhi takes them out of the job, that is fine, but I have explained that if  40  You are fired the day after tomorrow, there is no change in the job at 50 that it is useless there, if you were tied in a rope, then at 65 the message would be 70%, make 6570 stomach, if you want to go to 80, BVSC, husband, 80, both the notes are full, Governor, children, do they understand anything?  Why do parents unfortunately are not helping them in the little they should do? That's why there is a struggle in the initial job to take them to this stage.  For four-five years, wife's job and husband's job and your juice will come out, any call to extract the said five juice, I was just now, I will tell that in a different topic the next day, so what is the summary of what you are looking for, the summary is that husband-  Wife Jha: The job of working people is important. Life and well-being of both are important. You are the one who steals moments and keeps your sanity. It is not happening that the wife's salary is Rs. 100 and he earns Rs.  I am spending on everything the opportunity cost that I told you brother is the opportunity cost, isn't it happening that the children are not able to study at all and nothing will be done for them and then while doing both the jobs the children are not able to study at all?  You okay, it is more complicated but I believe that I am going to do a job so that if a person was earning money in 35 years, you can earn it in 17 years, so now Husband should set out to do something big to get some relaxation and do his own work and if this work becomes a success then get your wife to stop grinding and join her too and make a proper setup for your children.  You have done very well in a job and after becoming a top officer, you cannot transfer that thing to your child in a year. Sonu, if you have reached the top in any department, then your child cannot take entry in that department because of this.  It's just your father's paper that you will have to come when you see it, so you have to do such work where you can setup it. I hope you understand the office. How did you like my talk? Begins for recording and tell something more about it. Okay.