Hello friends, there are many videos made from Maven Correction on my channel and period of time. Madhavan Construction's projects have developed ahead in price. Dealers feeling of being left out in people who have water lever. See the example of Dwarka Expressway. I will tell you if we go wrong.  The initial reaction of the public when she was muting the story play and he was making videos was that this is nonsense, my in No, there is no cigarette, no, how will it be rated like this, everyone is equal, then many videos are made against me on YouTube too, but now it has become a dependent district, I am not taking too much of a ride in it, I am very happy.  It's happening somewhere, taking pride in someone's pain, someone's loss, there ca n't be any lesson for a person with only one guru element, I don't want to know about you, I do n't want to take SMS or give, so I have made this video.  of brothers For those sisters who have already kept playing let's play and what to do because right now I am getting a lot of messages that let's sell it, if your words are correct then we will do what happened in the last 9 influential regular hits, so now.  I am going to device you and listen carefully Selva, this is your equivalent project in India Bulls Central Park. Look at the example of one project, so I will tell you because.  This will make you understand the thing and if he is not doing evil then if he is telling by name then you are far from late 4 5 6 7 years ago, you took it in someone not my one, it is ok, you took it at some other rate, their rates are very broken, they are very broken  This is a factor but now the advice is don't ask them, do n't send them at all, is my one good or is that one not that great, talk about this but there is a Gujarat saying, God is what meaning is God 6 price is this chord. Ultimately all decision is also taken best all price battery stock market weather its real estate in asset class price speaking price cord so you have to see that seven to eight months ago there is a knowledgeable whom label central park absolutely feminine distress yellow this Madhavan At that time, the wind was blowing that the aquites were sick that only 2875 square feet of cotton fabric was deleted, which means below ₹ 4000 skit.  The transducer boss is packed, its 1.45 is close to 1.5 CR, it is interesting 520, so you yourself price depression is of ₹ 4000 today, this is the thing that I want to tell you that today you should not get worried about the average price of these, do not grind the mill in this area. This is the price of the project, this is this, so the average price is not like this, please learn from the Mumbai market, you will go in for word, this is in 9000.  This is together and this will happen in five too, so do n't average it out for you, it is meaning less, tell us the trends they have taken ahead, but it is no longer such a simple market, the middle of North Indian real estate is so.  S u r holding unknown y1 construction splits from dwarka express porn for that i am telling two not feel request apply is not coming van also no pressure apply so one day donkey  Lame horses, lame horses, all will grow up, so now you have taken it, that means you have taken all the PIN of delay in Jelly Express, you have also borne the pinch of falling rates, everything, your loan must be going on, you have given the money.  Now it is not that you have to do anything new. Now if you sell this then you will not be able to sell your 28th square feet and get the 14th one, so you have the space, at least you friends can do it. My drawing room is the biggest of the rooms, my balcony is big, whatever is the size of your apartment, if it is big then that too is a U speak that even that will not be available tomorrow, so now that the 1360 and 1314 ones have increased, now the new one.  The customer is breaking it, the device is that do not buy even non-biblical, very clear in this one, let it live on rent, you are fond of living in a big, you have added on the relax on rent, what happens once it is not in the device, come in your mind.  I am very clear but how the video is being recorded and messaged, hence I have to write in the comment section, am I able to explain my point to you because I am not challenging your intelligence, your intelligence is that of a top class audience but what should I understand?  What are you saying because if you take very simple tips then you will get the feeling of opposition, sometimes he is saying something, sometimes he is saying something, to avoid the irritation level of the audience, many times cricketers do not tell things.  We catch the line or catch something, we catch it there, but it is mine and it is to give clarity, part of the rule which is used in giving clarity and if this image is more then it is development, we live in a dynamic world, we give it in a world of time.  After watching the video of the month, if you do not take the decision at that level today, then I will do a lot of sunrise in this device. Your holding is anywhere else where a non-violent construction on Dwarka Expressway is advised not to and rates.  Are you not reading there and are you getting any good offers? Leaves to shift in 1981, that is share holding, true properties on Greater Noida, please equipped with Bigg Boss, Hafiz Bank and supplies are coming, embassy which is making friends, the old ones which  Stuck Amrapali JP and its 38.03 crossover supply, fresh launches, so and so threatening on Yamuna Express, that  If the story is different then that story is that don't put that, it is also wrong that you have given advice on that specifically in Dwarka Expressway, there are many projects in Dwarka Expressway where people have taken, do not be in a hurry to sell them because the supply will not come.  Express will be ready and if people have to take it, then Jha Mayank's rate will be increased to such an extent that there will be price differential, then this price range is related to depression formula, you cannot call it that.  Maave said that I will be doubled, it does not mean that he has only one particular premium, that premium, if for some reason he runs fast like a rabbit and goes ahead, then now he will weigh it, now this is his opinion but it does not even mean this.  If this is the difference, then you take this one, no, that is also not advisable, okay, that Khatron Ke Khiladi jo is some other list, on the other hand, this one is coming, you can tell the bank, bring that one to the specific one and the one which suddenly  From  If something like this comes, I can give it only to those people who are connected on WhatsApp from the directory. If something like this comes, but we can create it through YouTube because if there is a datum for it and that data can be found below us also. And this thing is already at a very low level and if something comes down from here then it would not be foolish to grab it too. Specially for people, setting on large sums of money Sanjay keeps calling me from commercial commercial. This enemy from the commercial is also Dhawan Looking for this piece This device This video If you guys have understood 60% After fund Boiled egg to underline on flame 60% If you have understood then you have to write this much My number  Don't let me tell you what percentage you understood, you have to write it because if you understand less then I will make another video with its clarification for you guys. Thank you.