Hello friends, today's topic is to eat food cooked by sister-in-law. To improve the society, I am bringing a unique topic to the society. This Chaat Gupt can never think or make. I want to play the role of a social reformer. I like the video very much. People are liking the channel very much. Please watch this complete video. This is a video to improve the mind set of the society. Many people will get a lot of relief and will enjoy the whole thing. Please listen. Okay, eat food from sister-in-law's hand.  This is a topic behind it, it is not such a clickbait, it is a topic within a topic, but the feeling behind it is that socializing at your home, people coming to your house, friends, someone has to do that thing fast too.  I will tell you the history, I will also tell you the present, I will also tell you what should be done, and in the future too, people will get it, those whose marriages will be enjoyed, those who did not, will also enjoy, please listen carefully, what is normal?  You must have seen that there will be a wedding. Are you newly married or are people like that? Friends, acquaintances, food from sister-in-law's hand, basically give, you want to come, you are at your home, so the man is in decency, yes, yes, okay, we have to call, this is the call.  Calling at home is the discussion on this thing. Should you call your friends at home? Are you okay? Should I go? Should I come? Then the answer is no and give I bill. Discuss this because what are we? Na Sharma Idea, we don't have it.  I do n't know things, it does n't happen like this even in a foreign country, nowadays, understand carefully, it is possible that your bus may also want to come, so you are doing the work of the bus, his family will also do it, your family will also go to do it, sir, first I will explain it to you better.  You have to understand that it is historical. If you remember, those who are connected to the old land, the people who remember their grandfathers, great-grandfathers or their stories. Do you know the address of the village or the address of the old houses? There used to be a word, meeting, meeting, meeting, also something, an outsider.  came and he sat there  He did not come into your inner quarters. In the inner quarters where women were, there were bathrooms, there were kitchens, you had sleeping rooms which nowadays we call bedrooms. He was cuter than that and the ladies who used to socialize among themselves, he was a separate part of them.  It used to be setup, it was not done in the meeting, men were supposed to sit in the meeting, okay and if you and India, if you are in South India also, I have good knowledge of all the colors, have gone and seen the good colors, not such photos, not videos, not in actual. I have observed everywhere in India, even in the North, in the South, there was a courtyard system outside, there was a courtyard and once there was also an egg system and people mostly sat in heavy seats even during the day.  Retire only when they give you another voice off. There is a conversation going on outside. Someone is going to sit outside and talk for a long time. There was a race in the middle. Someone wanted water. Someone came from behind. Someone wanted tea. Journally, that energy did not enter inside.  But now  Gone is the flat system, apartment system, big system. Today, if you open the door and see the whole house exposed, even in the living room, even sitting in such a room, you generally see everything, then this thing has changed, first of all it is about socializing.  The British brought the concept of fairies inside the houses to India. Before that, it belonged to the kings. The king was so big that the king 's quarters are here and the palace is so big. There was no celebration here, so it had something to do with it, then the British.  We were slaves of the British, okay, and we used to do less in their houses, we used to look at the people and this party, the big people, the officers, and then when they left, our officers became those of different departments in the next group.  When our Brown Saheb speaks, the color is taken out from there, thinking that the part of leasing is this and that, but in their place you look at the houses historically, there used to be very big houses, their loans were different, no one used to go inside there, but now inside. Life has become less witch in this note, good reason, let me tell you today, what if there is a man in the house, father, then if someone is coming to meet him, then in the default setting, originally it was like it was mother's or female of the house or wife's obligation.  It is decided that if she wants, she will cook it, the children will also have to come and say hello when they come, yes, what is the whole matter son, look, uncle has come, this is a bad thing, you are living with Shuddh, you are son.  You are coming to them, you have to become socialist by force, you were roaming around in a nice vest, someone came and threatened you, these are such peas of rules, will you read the solutions to make them in your home, will I tell you that also, it is not that someone will come like this, hey.  Brother, a lot of things have happened outside, the country has progressed, I am not just talking about small lions, anyway, my audience is also very small lions, I have told it many times, I talk about this thing, I become you people. Audience Most Welcome, then you are the one who puts the party in the buffalo, then even if you are very poor, you should not do this, his own wife will come, she will not feed him, when you ask him to eat the food prepared by his sister-in-law, then you will  Please let your sister-in-law sit in peace because when she was your mother, when she was someone's sister-in-law and your father used to come with great reluctance, she cried tears of blood, the bitterness today is worth 700 rupees. Breath inside means breath means not one to breathe, that su mother, that saree, su mother, the butter did not do anything like this, and they did everything, were we mad? Yes, you were mad, we will make you mad, we will make you a generation.  We have been fed food by sneaking into our homes because there was no money to go to the restaurant. Today in Gurgaon, whatever you want will not come to the cyber hub. Spend four-five-six thousand rupees. Let your party be set right now.  You will go to the next part, he will give the children's education. Children are exposing the house. You all are also judged. You will go to the bathroom. There may be a judgment in the bathroom. There may be a judgment on the furniture of your house. There may be a judgment on the layout. There may be a judgment on the curtains. Any  It can be on a thing, your hygiene, it can be on anything, you have kept a dog, anything can happen at home, someone has not kept a dog, someone has brought a dog, someone has his own sensibility, someone has been a vegetarian, someone has been a non-veg.  Any  No, there is no food, how are there issues, there are too many, this has come to you from within, why am I telling you this message, I am telling you this so that you get free from this pressure, tell me, they don't invite anyone 18 homes no me wife me parents  Don't like let's meet in de cyber hub let's meet come date is front let's meet at date they leave not leave inside homes anyway even in job also took bus then took him in home also his  The wife who will come, it happens a lot in government settings, people who will associate, there is pain in the consultation, I have a bus and his wife, brother has come to the house, I have to call him for dinner, promotion season is going on, there comes a time for everyone's appraisal.  Your wife is also a Chaudhary on you, her children too, why are you exposing the Chaudhary side on your children, brother, then what about you, now no one will invite you to their house, then sister-in-law, don't go, but this will destroy the society. In the new house, brother, there is so much socializing these days, not under WhatsApp, social media, but the story is not real, every good thing is not real, it is not fun, narcissistic people are not enjoying because they can't even flower. Masala, can't see, can't smell, can't smell, can't actually see, and can't distract you, so it's not fun, now like my video is there, you have to watch, don't watch, don't watch, band it, watch something else, watch WhatsApp.  your private barrier  It remains the best of these times, you can. What used to be a compulsion earlier, your neighbor is a donkey, your bus is a donkey, your colleagues are idiots, still you had to have social interaction with them because there was no choice, this will keep you from being human's children, social infection is necessary.  Otherwise, on your mind, today with the help of technology, you can do anything with anyone, it is very important for you to consult me, mother, brother, sister, family, father-in-law, how is the video going, please let me know.  Open living spaces in smaller houses have reduced a lot. Children, what is the stress in the house? Hey, they are coming. Now, if a friend of your husband is coming for 15 minutes and half an hour, then the children cannot reduce the comfort of the house.  The pressure cooker's whistle is not working, Shakti, or some other activity was happening inside the house, it should have been done, or someone who wanted to relax cannot do it, the wife has come from a job, she cannot relax, Shakti, at the place of mother-in-law and father-in-law.  If you have to live till then, your father-in-law gives you nudes, either you give such ladies, you drink your own tea and water, your colony's daughter-in-law wants to tank you, otherwise it is definitely a meeting. Yes, where is your daughter-in-law, why hasn't she come with you, brother?  To meet, but she will meet anyway because they are making out inside the room for so long. She has to go to the kitchen and fix one of her sandwiches. She has to drink her tea. If she wants to drink something, she will come. Namaste Aunty, Namaste Uncle, very tight.  That's why people don't want to live together. Why do everyone want to live separately? Because if you look at the rules, I have to say that anyway, mother-in-law and father-in-law should not live with son and daughter-in-law. My video is very viral, it has 5 lakh views.  This is the video but if you are taking a mother then why are you doing a fancy fit because if you remain like this then brother and daughter-in-law will also run away or will you also be mothered? No one can do it, nowadays societies and condoms are being made for that.  are in it  There is a great place to meet outside in the society, those who meet outside there, eat and drink there and have good conversations, and those who force children to meet inside their homes, the one who got one generation from the two-digits and aunties, says Namaste but touch, do this.  No, this is definitely what I am telling you, don't unnecessarily expose all your things, he will say anything, anything can disturb me, this trauma and this in consultation, yes, what do you do, how do you do it, people are meaning me.  No, it is not true that there are no good people. Yes, there are 10-20% good people also. Mother calls them to the house and feeds them. It is not like that, but there are some good positive people, it is an issue of majority and in that you have to follow such a rule.  We will have to make it in our society that brother, we will not take people, people will say to you that famine is empty, this is how the society will judge, very new brother, we should meet sometime, isn't it like this, when are we going to agree, I am doing it, meet every day, right?  Meet in the office, meet in the restaurant, meet on the bench, meet in the society's park, launch 10000 places of meeting, keep meeting as soon as you meet and remain the same, it is necessary to enter the house, home is your century, you have one energy, you have another, your family.  There may be a system in your family, there is a fight going on in your family, it is okay, there is a fight going on between two people, husband and wife cannot love each other openly, then you tighten each other.  Go, you are not happy, you are tightening the children, why is it that your father-in-law has been there to pass the time of 75 years, why did the whole family spend 1 hour in a fancy fit, why did brother-in-law adjust 45 minutes for that?  Well, then the son and daughter-in-law should also have their friends come, they should have a description party at night and they are sleeping 700, if that will not happen, then the same message is that nothing should happen, a rule should be made for all. Because if you say this to the family, then tomorrow your child will be 15 years old, 14 years old, 16 years old, 18 20 years old, he will be there, my friends will also come, then there should be democracy too, is n't it like this in the family, Mom and Dad?  K friendship will come, children's will not come, yes yes, they should also come, then they will come, they will make a blast quartet inside the house, then the boy's girl will also come, the girl 's boy will also come, you have you released  Where do you cut off? What kind of people are coming to you because of safety and security? These days, as soon as you come to the family, there is so much talk, there is talk of money, there is talk of investment, there is talk of maid coming and going, similarly many people come here.  They are going to you, they go from the employment set and ask for the broom and go away, that is a different story but the person coming from outside, you have to be very careful, as if you are someone like Sachin from an accident.  There is a loan one like this which is your tax insurance policy, someone do not put this in the house and I have given a lot of these inputs, I have given a lot to the builder and people have just started 24 buildings under your tower in the society where you  There is a lobby where people can meet, get coffee, talk politely, have sofas too, meet and bye bye, do not enter the houses. Incidentally, this is also an exclusive real estate channel of mine, I have told this to many people till date. No, please kindly give me its link on this channel, please subscribe to that too, tell me how did you like this one, okay, will you get freedom from this, that you people, the story, you are that sister-in-law, who is not a dog to be fed.  I have to eat a little bit of the food of the rest, this is a family channel, I am not telling you a little more openly, but you my subscribers are wise, you are very fond of eating the food of sister-in-law, tell her, today I will give you my hands.  What interest do you have in sister-in-law's hand, I will feed you, when sister-in-law is not there, sister-in-law has gone to her house, I am alone, I will cook today, it is not myself who will eat the food from sister-in-law's hands. Remember to feed me sometime, then you will say, 'Your sister-in-law' means my sister-in-law. By then, she would have got the knowledge. Had she watched my videos, please do not apply to your wife to entertain anyone at home.  Please do not do this if your wife cooks food for you at home, then perform her Aarti. This has become the ground reality of today. What I am telling you, this society has done from this side, but by bringing it out in Embarrassing Yourself, you can make someone eat at home.  You will call and order directly from Zomato because it is not possible brother, the models of today, both boys and girls, I am saying that whoever is the model of 1990, is not married yet, the youngest of 1990 is I am married, this is not just a story, a man will come, you will open the utensils, you will do this, even if you do big outside work, it is not in your power and the older the women, the older women should be said, which are the earlier models, the old ones were 1950 1969, so brother, you have done a lot for me.  I thought you were not on your time but you did not have a choice, your husband was not there and he felt that he had to do it because there was no time to pass, he needed socializing on time and those physical toys were in his life.  If there was a time, then that time has passed, well, keep good memories of that time, okay, something good must have happened in it, there is something else and its side effect would have been positive, although you people are very fine in the past, but it is not going to happen now.  It is 2023, this is not going to happen in 24, so please be pragmatic and please do not take pressure on this thing, many people will say that he has said it wrong. Now write in the comment area below this video that yes, he is saying it wrong.  No  I understood that you are the one who wants to eat food at other people's house, okay how to say it like this, we have to feed them, now we have to feed them here only so that they can have peace Narasimha, there is a dark side too, I will try to make a separate video sometime.  I will do it if my audience is mature and I have complete knowledge of everything because so many traumatized people come with issues. Thank you very much.