Hello friends, today's topic is brother, the rooms are looking small, I bring a unique topic, you all have the request, please like, subscribe, share this with people, the customer who is going to learn flight has a lot of property in one.  The prices have become big but the things that one goes to see seem small, in which women have a big role. This discussion will be on this topic, what are the reasons, I will tell those things, how we should work on those reasons and how to be included in the decision mixer.  You have to help. The work of the channel is to give practical teaser information and clarity so that it can help in your decision. I am bringing these things from Speed ​​Consultation. If you keep watching my videos on a consistent basis, you will not need to give pet consultation from me because  I will extract juice from it in 1 hour and tell you how to do it completely, but here I am teaching you like this teacher, so you will like this video very much. Let's go ahead. What is normal, that I am going to buy a house.  He lives there, he lives on rent, he lives in his own house, he lives in a government house, he can live in any of the three places. People who have become accustomed to living in government houses because many government employees are currently looking for property, then they are looking for property in government houses.  If there is a government line, then there is no line to buy, then their status in the society is as if it is of the opportunity level, it is of a level below the opportunity, their status is below that, according to the friendship status they have. They get very big houses  Normal civil society which lives outside, that is, if the government does not have time, then they get big ones, like I am a railway officer, okay, Jai, let's think about the difference in the government system, there should be high police, if there is any wish, they get big houses, so they get big houses.  It becomes a habit to stay but after getting smudge test, one has to retire, everyone's shop is closed, so it has to be theirs too, so now when they go to visit home, it is used to 10 of Bagru that Bigg Boss storage space and big front and back open end  It doesn't come out of the mind but it is fine in practice, either in a small town or somewhere else and say, I do n't like a big city. It's like sour grapes. Well, I don't like it very much because in this, this and that too, I will make videos right now.  I will make big cities even small headed people, there is a region where they go to see a movie, they have to pay two cr for 2 CR, life is worth one and a half cr, on the other hand, it takes money for Sikhs and roommates, so within this, it has become theirs and belongs to the government.  what is the second one  Those women who are not living on rent normally, live in old societies, the flats which were there in 10 12 14 2010 have become one and a half to two flights, but earlier big names used to come to those flats, now the women respect themselves as much as you do. In any family, it is the lady who manages the house, the man spreads out to the extent, adjusts to the minimum, the more I am, but if you have the habit of doing more maintenance, then you have done so much.  The quilts will remain sweet here, there is a sweet winter and blankets have been added with different types of things. Winter lasts in India for 45 days and 50 days. If you look at the percentage, 12% of the time is winter, but 12% of winter is time. Samantha hot percentage happens in the house, if you do all the calculations, your clothes and after doing all this then they are not able to control the temperature of their houses at 40, so we spend 50-60 lakhs. Have to spend more, this is the biggest thing for everyone, women keep buying things like inside the kitchen and at a pro time, then on Diwali they buy six wrists in the name of wrinkles, 56 types of pressure cookers, small Dal, big dal, this tadka, that tadka, we take so much stuff and these days, women who do not have so many cooking skills do not even have an opinion and the kitchen is not organized. Look at the ladies' clothes in your cupboard and children.  Look at the man's clothes, it's clear that you do n't know because every man thinks that I will become thin, I never become thin, you are a 3840 year old woman, you are a little now and in support, note making, its status is true for Buddhist but it's life.  In True for Ladies Shoe Ladies Cardigan Meghnad That Man Doesn't Know Anything And What He Is Doing In The Job He Doesn't Know What's Happening If You Look At The Man's Shoes, A Black Shoe Shoes Sports Shoes Sandals  If there are slippers then this is the man's program and if he keeps two sports in it, the old one is used and the one is good. Well, if you look at the pairs of 8,910 children in the school, if you see, then it is normal. 20 pairs in the house is normal.  It will be said that every chairman should keep Meghnad with him. I keep 73 such items. When I go to a Vaastu consultant, if I do this then you will find electronic items lying in the power. The watch is not yours, read your old ones.  The bags which you used to use for traveling but you do not use and are lying there are on top of the news and on top of that, when such people are going to see the house which are coming these days, they will look small and will not even be bought.  When I gave this advisory to all the people who take acting consultation to the builders these days, I told them that you are fully furnished, you start paying ₹ 5 more and told the customer that we will take care of our Rudraksh.  The same pack will not go and if it should be kept like a mother in this manner, if it will not be kept then it can never remain. You people are the new generation, even then, right now, there are 22, 23, 24 year old children who are in the market.  They live very well, they will change their shoes every six months, they will keep 6 pairs of clothes, they are not worn, it is better to keep them active, then the biggest lesson for you people is that if you keep your 4 to 5  Lakh Previous Song You Can't Pack Stuff You'll End Up Spending 5260 Rupees For Acquiring And Bigger Homes Which Actually Don't Require Any One To Without You Fat Before Entering Night And Buying New Stuff According To That Flat  You will spend 1670 rupees on me thinking that this is mine, this one will eat this one, has anyone ever gifted it, do not accept gifts.  Which is not according to your house, anyone goes ahead for a few days, neither do you like it nor it becomes proper, so it is very very very and that is anywhere we want, we go to any foreign country for shopping, they go to visit somewhere in India. Some go from here and come to pick up that house, the one who is fat, the one who is middle class, talk about the house of rich people, very rich people, it is in their house, they buy all the stuff at once, they will also buy furniture.  Daughter will take curtains and every bed  Will talk to the furniture means talk in this day will be having them relation ok what color combination is the wall what color combination is it any theme type something will be very which is not talking about the poor because that is like the respect that will be received  Keep a cooler or keep a TV as they live. Unfit vehicle till middle class. They want work for rich people but once in a while some local is theirs and their fennel will be their benefit. Dining table because it is someone else's.  You will have a child, the dining table will look like it belongs to someone else but it will look like it belongs to someone else's family, the set up of the kitchen will look different and the furniture you are buying will not be in the soldier's. Okay, the color combination will be different, everything will be people, even then the thief will be new.  If you want to buy a house, then address these women by suppressing that men have no brain in these things. As many men listen, please forward it to your wife and tell Anu, please like and downvote this.  Not saying to show off a thick 1617 laptop to save money Khatron in the middle b road required for in the middle vent with three BHK they should also have platform BHK also you are looking small to many people right now I have 2627 in latest consultation  People find that even their square feet houses seem small, it means that they do not have space in their mind and have added their life oscillator to it. If you are such a wealthy person, then  If you go to this and see, they don't take it in 1215 18, keep money in the bank and do your ministry and go to visit places like keep a good car, keep things down, doing a lot of letters inside the house cleans your energy, things like that.  Today I am giving a Guru Mantra to you all, please write it down and explain it to your wife. Whatever is there inside the house, even your gas lighter, it should be beautiful and have a lot of function.  If it is beautiful but is not packed, then whatever is beautiful but functional, if it is packed then it will stop the functionality. Painting is not the effect but the quality is there, it gives comfort to your eyes, gives Vaastu, reports to Nazir, you two not  Keep things which do not look extremely good and also lighter, then the most expensive and student normal one and the other solution is very speedy 405 which will dry, then keep all the things labeled above.  But keep it less, keep it less within the quantity, do not keep your utensils so much, keep a dishwasher and keep things according to the dishwasher and the lesson about putting the maid that comes in the dishwasher so that the food gets washed quickly, it does not mean that I have to wash the utensils.  If we live together and don't meet, I often go to people's houses to look for something like this, 1818 1616 with chutney and tea tossing tea pots 1010 People are sitting, if everything is fine, then the quantity is increasing because new ones keep coming, if one's sandals are broken then the sandals whose handle is broken will not be fixed but new ones will come and new ones will go, if the old handle is broken, where will this small example of the industry go? Ministry for Everything, Vestige and people destroying clutch books, they are sitting with so many books, it is as if they are showing so many for free, to impress people, lawyers etc. are kept like this. There is no need to read so much, there is no need to read so much, focus on that, I will make a video, how much should be there, how should I study and there should be an account of it, it will be very interesting, if you are interested, please write in the box, it is ok.  I will understand, if you want a video on that, then you light these small things in your house first and you are getting only what is available in the market, it is not going to be bigger than this, the size will keep getting smaller and the rates will keep on increasing.  will go and that  You have to set this in your mind, go to a relative or friend in Mumbai and stay in his house for two days that whoever has the rich or the poor middle class will know everything about you, there will be people twice as rich as you. People with low income, see how much size I am, if you stay with them then it's support humans vision not brain so ifin theater free you please check Australia is a country three times bigger than India, its population in size is less than Delhi so in that  of place  There is no shortage in Australia, but please go to Australia and Google and check what size of flats are there in Sydney, Melbourne, Canberra, whether there are renters, how people are living, then this can be achieved if you do it yourself.  Unmute and utilize technology and the sugar furniture that is coming these days, the workers are coming, it was in a small space that your 4 to 5 lakhs will be flat on expenses in stalling it like that but still your 6070  Like Rupees, the cost of flight will increase in the area and you will not have to pay even a single letter. Such very good modifications have come inside your furniture, how can you reverse whatever words you have, how can these things be kept, then this Which one with milk power does not rise so high, if it is kept dirty, then whatever room is made, it is also kept dirty, then this is one of yours, please notice it for six months, Yudhoyono, don't this.  Again Electrolyte Just Producers One Simple If you have not used anything for six months then you throw it away How was the topic Was it a practical topic that you benefited from Please write in the comment section Like it Subscribe to the channel Thank you very much