Hello friends, today's topic is brother, this one will also become old. Interesting topic. Watch till the end. Share with people. If you have not subscribed the channel yet, then subscribe this channel. If you like the video, then definitely like it. YouTube's algorithm is the granddaughter of the creator.  The model is growing, these days a lot of new properties are coming up, their rates are also being launched, you know, they are coming out very high and everyone is praising them, take this, take this, take the money, whatever is there in this.  He is an old customer who puts the property owner first. When he goes to sell his property, he is facing difficulty in selling it. There is a sense of frustration in the person who had bought it. Earlier his rates had gone up, now they have come down and on that low. Brother, this one will also become old, so today 's interesting topic is the same topic. Please, if you like this topic then please like it on this page. Whenever a big technological change comes in any sector, it always becomes a gamechanger in it forever. From the construction point of view, Madhavan Construction has come in India in the residential areas state, which is the type of construction. Many videos on this are on my channel.  First of all, you can go to the play list and see that the construction is new technology and its life span is 100-125 years. The old light ones which are made are like thirty.  It is 35 years, if it is made very poorly, it is 30, if it is made very well, it is 3540, but when a Hindu dies at the age of 22 to 25, then it starts looking like a black and yellow taxi that no new person wants to buy there. The one who bought the original  He is showing his true colors, in this he bought something worth 10 lakh rupees, it was for 12 lakhs, this child is like 30354 years ago, he is sitting comfortably but those who are a little late  They are facing a little trouble right now because now we too are feeling that the new ones should have taken it, but this person of theirs, let me tell you a classic example of their society in 56 Sector Gudda Gudda, Gurgaon, from all over Bihar. By separating the societies, do you know in how many societies the rates of flats which had once touched 1.7 CR at the time before demonetization, are now at 1.2? Those who were charged 1.5 and 1.6 and 1.7 rates are not sold at 1.2 and when they are sold, they are not sold even at 1.2. Write in the comment section. If you do this identifier, then write the FD that yes, this is my relative's and  Is with me and is because here I want to make this video for the real data partner, so now if you look at the location in it, then it is exactly 56 chapter balle-balle location.  It's a whole process, all femininity, everything is a very good place but now she is stagnating the real estate, so the crowd that is coming out of her mouth is that she will come even for a day, it is like Dilip Kumar again.  Rajesh Khanna then Amitabh Bachchan and then on and on and on in detail, so that story is complete but this is more life in life, the lighter will not come off or it is plaster or paint will not come off because in the film it will come down in Anushti.  When this market will discover that it remains clean and smooth, even after 10-15 years, its valuation will increase further. It has already increased in the market. You see what the rate is, stop this dam. Second, now I will give you the takeaways.  And those who give advance, if you are like this then what do you have to do if you have taken a property above the golf course road and its rate is also Rs 120 whereas there  The property is also of 5567 rupees but your rate is CGHS society, don't mind, the location is very great, again the location cannot come, then when you test it on great location, for every property across India, then this video is not related sir here for Gurgaon.  But if this thing is applicable for Delhi, although yes, it would be a small builder floor type system, if the location is spoon great and it is one of the great locations of the city, then everyone knows it.  It's okay in that, I also do n't buy fresh but keep it to yourself that it's not the location but the lakhs of rupees will go into redevelopment any day in that society and whenever a flat comes there, you will get it at the cost of three to four seniors. Yes, it's 10  It will take years for you, the one which will pass on 1.2, it can be your 34 CR, I too, 10-15 years, this is a clear matter for you, I told you the second thing, if you are an old person in New Gurgaon.  I am stuck and the plaster is coming off. I don't want to mention it on my site but you leave from there because it is not that great location. The supply there is not fresh. It is coming with Madhavan. It is good and at the same rates.  She is coming and there you have given two quotes of 22 rupees for this and that food 1918 feet, now all that ₹ 4000 feet is being taken out, that is going to be taken out for another ₹ 15 or in this case up to 52 rupees is being taken out.  It depends on you, it is a society, from there you can kill unitedly from there, if you sit with the old one, then it will come out, even the old things, everything is sold in India, the hour in which awards are sold within the old newspapers, this should not be exactly set, WhatsApp price. Points Not Third Popularity comes which is a new emerging area Dwarka Expressway Now by going to Dwarka Expressway even the old ones i.e. those which have been standing for 10 12 14 years and which have many stalls will start growing project happy because 10  They have not been taken care of since 12 years, that Akshar was standing there, do you remember his daub is doing make-up, so don't buy friend project, the new location which is the recruitment location where the rocket has to be installed, don't do that one, you have some size inside it and that thing.  I will tell you in a separate video that women and other people will come and your disease is back that despite being at home, the elders are the ones who take the decision-making to the wrong side. It will be different. So today it was that these old ones will not be yours.  life time your children  Lifetime of your child is the life of his/her child. Lifetime of his/her child is his/her ability to extract life time. A good thing remains for a long time. Go to New York and check and his/her height and CR are getting the full juice out of him/her.  If you will not be able to dance much then they have been very good in density, they have also been good in construction, so you will not see any scene of demolition in them, but in those who are coming to Jaipur, you have to take these daily wages and tease in this thing. We don't have this option just because we are not old, our emotions have nothing to do with investing, we give alcohol to someone or wish something or say that hey, this is how we are doing it, in reality it is not like this that you  Reality of life and reality is black-yellow taxi ambassador, there is a lot of space in it, but it is driven in a new taxi after purchase, okay, so when has the swiftness of technology ever come, has it come in anything, it is inside the car.  It has come that power steering is not for storing, if it is fine then people would have ignored the old thing completely, Hallmark non Hallmark, you will get Nokia Moment, first there were Nokia phones, then the other ones and before that, that product was the first of Moment, such a date and the role of that 36.  Used to be there and used to take 36 photos of how much happiness you have increased, people never back covered, things must have changed, your TV was black and white all, but after that, the color TV channel colors came from the same party.  There is MCD, then LED came next and all in it, the old one can say that one day you will also become old, it is okay, but brother, you have become old, yours is done thank you, so now the technology which is like that is TV.  Like electronics, it is not so fast in construction, it is required in the construction industry and this many years old technology is not available in India, we go to foreign countries, we go to the general environment, why do we think it is because there is no plaster, Ratan.  of the building Because if it is made from this, then midnight in this chapter, it has come in the foreign countries in India for the last four-five years and now it is becoming so popular, it is becoming the condition of your affordable housing, so if the structure of your affordable housing.  Is That Will Appear Much Better After Facing Serious Computer 2days Once And There Will Be Wealth Destruction And Wealth Creation So Been Very Very Clear That If Today You  If you buy jewellery, you buy it from Walmart only, because why is it not made by a normal mother? Because no one buys it if it shines, then it is not made. Today, no one buys a string cart because it is not made or not, because on buying it, you buy it.  I am thinking that I am taking you on steel because that thing is not made, I do not take it because the lemon cycle which is being made has started, then this cycle, please tell me which one is in the high-rise today. Builder is the one who is making ninth. Mostly subscribed. If we are going on this path then in this thing you should be very very clear and decision making that what should I take now. Thank you all.