Hello friends, I got a very good comment when I subscribed and told him that Sir, someone had called us for some property and now I asked these two-three questions, you said that you are my student, so he commented nicely.  That Vinod and Doing a Good Thing and all you are telling, I was very excited by doing this that two different people are talking and they are very related to each other, meaning one is asking things and the other is telling if you can. I am very happy after hearing this, so I am going to tell you a very good thing, those who travel secretly may not even go to pet baby house, but today I am going to tell you that if you call me in a similar way, then you people will be aware about it.  No one comes but I say office number one because number two is not going to tell this, if someone comes then maybe I will say that it is equal, so you understand the loading, like your blood pressure, high is also bad and people are also bad, cholesterol.  like  Which has the parameters of a help like it should be above this, should be below this, weight should not be too much but should not be too less, so no one told this and people will remain fit for years by making Guddu, understand today, all my subscribers.  All of them please, this is my request because it is such an important thing, you can send it to at least a hundred people on WhatsApp, listen to it, see that it is ok, everyone will become aware, otherwise the system will change the way properties are bought and sold.  The way marketing is done, they will force the marketing people to 9 backups that if they take it then everyone is awake, okay then you listen carefully, where can be the lowest loading, is it loading or is the area that is being said a super area?  And the carpet area that I am getting, the more carpet area will be, the percentage of super area will be less, the Muni loading will be the highest loading and the least number of people will return to Punjab school from today, on that wall all around and everything will be built in it.  your place  Leave nothing behind, there are obstacles all around and in the walls of the land, here you will find talk, talk about one percent, around 20, at other places, people have taken it out on the roads, if you keep it in your hair on a government road, then it is 98% subscribed.  As a village, I am telling you that the downloading from our side is less in Dubo because the density is very high and there is no open area, so according to Veera, the premium builders get 70%.  What ever minimum carpet is to be given, please check * Even in super area, loading cannot be more than 36%, we understand but it does not mean that if someone is saying yes, then we will give AT% 384 for your first time. He is saying to give the carpet area and if you measure the patria and divide then you will know that Shanti 384 is currently 70%, okay do that, okay, that is.  Benefits of this with nothing great because it means you subscribe my channel, subscribe means then whatever you open in it, this is my common area which is called when it will be divided with thousand flats, with ten thousand flats then the area will be very miniscule common area because  If you make so many slides then the regretful ding will be less but if the crowd work is too much then you cannot take it virtual because if it starts taking years then it will be most profitable.  Those with options will become wider because the open area in affordable housing is very less, the vision is one and a half hundred, the date is one by one on the fennel flight, in affordable housing, if you do the calculation, then the loading works out to fifteen sixteen percent. There too, it is 9483 percent carpet area.  Even if we do n't make superia claims, even if we want to, we are not able to check the Play Mini because the only affordable one is the person on the table carpet. Okay, so there is the calculation.  Are not able to do but to get the sense, their density is very high, so the common area is less, the Roman area is less, another flat also goes, so when the less area is this body, I will divide America by more fat, then which is on the common area.  If the flight will come, it will come less, then when I will add it, there is a sure shot formula of carpet area and built up area, then only my super will come, then normal carpet area will emerge as alarm up to 70% also. 28.82 Nutrition is not a great thing. If I want to tell you then the premium and cost societies cannot claim like this. If you look at another example of this, suppose there is a land parcel of 110 acres and yes there are only 10 flats. Explain with example and understand.  I am giving you only 10 flights, so one flight here is within each cut, one is flat, it is okay, so this is the common area and one  The tower is built by a servant and there is only one flight on one floor and 10 plates and since then it has been cut, it has a swimming pool, it has horses, I do n't know what kind of garden it has, there is a cricket pitch nearby, there is football, everything is there and so on. When the entire common area is divided among those 10 Play Stores, then the loading here can be 95 percent, that person is getting only five percent of the carpet area, the rest of the common area can be as much as his carpet area workout. do  2000 and that portal area is 20,000 feet, work out that of a flat, so I have given this screen example to you, if you think it is appropriate, then here dear customers, try to subscribe, it is ok, please send this video and tell people that when we buy flats worth crores, then loading  If it is thirty percent then it is a good thing so that I will get to roam around, you are giving me less loading and I will not feel anything and Vincenti is too much.  So I am there so that I will still make it, then I should come to you for extra money, so understand this thing and tell me that by doing cigarettes and mathematics, the same is being told to you in such a way that I had understood it very, very well before this.  Do it and if I didn't know then everyone knew then I thanked my members.