Hello friends, today's topic is brother, whether to buy a big flat or a big house or an open space, we will talk about the technology behind it, whether it is okay to take it, how big is it okay to take it and there is psychology behind it because if you have to take it then Take the answer, it can also be that we take whatever we want, the problem is that the money is not enough, the indicator is that we have to buy something bigger and the mind takes us somewhere else. We were in search of something bigger. Why does the mind want something bigger because when you are planning your airlift in it? Decision-making is happening in the late thirties, this is also happening in net practice, so you need a big one because from inside you feel suffocated, we will talk about psychology, we will also talk about related, it is difficult to understand the cycle which is - tanker aa  I have been spreading the same thing, you have spread it a lot in life, so you think I want so much of you, your quilts, sweet winter, thick winter, children's clothes, children's clothes, their tuition books, their gadgets, laptop, clothes. Thinking about all that or you too collect a lot of stuff like their shoes or a protest, Indians normally do not buy things at one time, sometimes they feel that this furniture is coming, and sometimes another one is coming, that they bought a new house accordingly.  Took furniture and it is not our concept, we add things, we are aggregators, okay, so when you buy a new house, you think, I want this much, it may be your 50, 60, 70 lakh, it may seem simple, this feeling of big is why you  Do two things, write to me, start wearing loose clothes, those who roam around wearing tight clothes, don't wait, then you should open the rest of the things, Chintu, his body became stiff, you have seen that all the spiritual type people, their clothes will be less open, Satguru ji.  Have you seen? Okay, Yurin, who is also a yoga guru, Ramdev ji is an accomplished person, he has some of his own thoughts, he is unlimited, he doesn't limit even the body, we have kept ourselves so bonded. Now we too should be open, everyone should be open, but the house should be open and clothes should be open, clothes should be open, it is very cheap and the option is fine and important, when the house is called by many people, it is a beach house and lives in this circle, conducted in a metro and  I am ready to move to a small city from a big city under certain conditions. I want a big house. Who will maintain the big house? In old age, if you have bought a very big flat, then its maintenance will also be done according to the square feet. You have taken decisions.  Arrangements have been made that the rich man who is cashless, has business, has stocks, is rich, he does not think that he will always add off, but some people will have to think about this thing too, till this stage will not come like that then you will hold every 80th meeting. In the society meeting, you are the one who is most bored and the one who is most bored will be given the maintenance 3 to 3:30, 3 to 4, 4 to 6:30 and others will ask, brother, why have you taken it if you don't like it  I knew that the maintenance which is ₹ 3 will also be ₹ 10 one day, remember that inflation is increasing at 9 percent, the government says 7-8 percent, the figure of 9 is still running in North India, this is when you want something big because  There is a big difference between what you want in life and what is right in the order, what is what you want and what is right for you, because you have to look ahead to see what is the response that you are being attracted to, what you want to impress today, what you are getting on social media.  Circle is also a social circle, it is expected that days will be less, today some people think that you are of no use, hence you have to come and go, tomorrow when a person is left doing less work, when he becomes old, this is the truth of life.  Either you think that I will do a lot of work, the first person is a politician type, then look at his house, where are the big houses, they live in the second and third floor, people are coming and going from the party office below, the cars are parked in your house.  They have servants and drivers  There is security, there are gunmen, there are restrooms, tea and pakodas are being served, the public is sitting, the court is going on, party workers are going, meetings are being held here, so you know these elements will be there and those frills do it, you have it but many people.  There are those who do not have any action and do not have any idea what will happen next in their life but now they are going to spend their money big and cold. You have to Vanish 400 which is about to come.  From that and that you can live in two rupees and take two, take them side by side, if luck strikes, you can also spread it to others and then it can also be given to the child, that is, it is possible that he may remain prosperous.  But it should be given away because when you see a big thing, that too, I have seen it present in the cities, there will not be so many left that you have taken 4 BHK, you have taken three, you have the requirement of two rooms, then you have kept that one at a house on rent.  people don't do things I have seen that police verification by getting this alarm done by Khan Asaf Kar Pati is a smart work that you rent a room to an unknown person for 12 15 20000 rupees, it is not better than that if you wash yours then this is a factor in your mind that you people should think why. Whom do you have to show that you are attracted towards the big? Look at Salman Khan ji's house in the Galaxy Apartment, the size of which when the Bigg Boss star is missing, the lack of it cannot be told, so he is living there.  Have you been living in Galaxy Apartment for so many years? Who knows their carpet area. Can you tell me how much carpet area are you living in? You should have a genuine requirement and ability to maintain it. It is patience. You will get a white elephant. This code came from your topic.  So I had to sweep and mop the utensils. Those who were present in his house were wondering whether India has come or not. The government has said that he is there but if he is an elderly person then they will do it in his house.  If it doesn't happen, I have to kill myself, then tomorrow I have to kill Maharana again. If I have to kill in this order, then you will see how much will happen. We will live in modular way. We will live like mode switch off living. We can survive on small things. There is no saying in this.  As for take it very small, here are some features, not fact, but for some, 26 pockets may be small and for others, 14 pockets may be too big, depending upon where it is coming from. Whose mind-set means to look at life with aspirations and what is the background? Otherwise also today they are going into Junior 13 1415, 3BHK is coming inside. Considered quite good if you compare with Mumbai market, Iyengar size, compare it with.  Mumbai Market 22% of Tempo Carpet Inn and Super Area Cents of Electronic and Print Wishes Pet in Four on Seven  Digit Carpet is Euro Kids from Mumbai Dadar Dislike Ultra Luxury Living 200 So one thing that is very important is which area of ​​the city you live in, what is the connectivity there, does it have social infrastructure there and how much good time you have there.  It is possible that due to the number of medical facilities available, you will go to a place where it will take a lot of time to get all these things and then that one life gets spent and you have to go somewhere else for everything.  Because I am seeing people going to small inconsequential cities like Greater Noida is an inconsequential city, nothing is happening there for so many years, nothing is going to happen there, there is only one UP address, people from UP are attracted, no one from outside is coming. But they take people for the sake of big people, then we do not feel like it, either if you are from UP, then you take it there, if you have BJP from there, then you will not come, you can do better. Hmm, that's fine, but In the open affair, take such a place where you do n't feel like there is no growth and only the ladies are taking you in more open affair and I have seen many places in Noida, see in Greater Noida, son works in Gurgaon, father works in Gurgaon. Every day we do up and down and the woman wanted an open no, you could not take an open, it would cost a lot of money to buy an open in Gurgaon, so we do up and down from there and if I don't want to do that, it would be the expense of petrol.  Even if I do, that too is too much and the two to three hours of your life time wasted every day, when will you come up with the cost of that time and those ladies who stay inside the house all the time and stay in the open, how much does it cost to stay in the open?  You have just opened your utensils and are not able to manage them. Turn off your temperature controlled environment. You do not need many types of quilts, as many as 10 types, but we are of the opinion that in the West Minimalistic living is a SIM that you live less but you keep a lot of your things which you have not seen for six months. I have seen people keeping documents in such a way that they are not able to shoot their documents, in which only 50% of them are kept. In the suitcase, in the briefcase, old clothes are kept inside the evil forces, that maybe I will fit someday, Keep the clothes with old memories, that my wedding sherwani will never fit in your wedding sherwani.  It will not fit and it is of the same quality as yours. You bought the lehenga of Sharmila Tagore that the one from Kareena Kapoor's earlier wedding is not of that level. I am not being a stickler, I am being practical. Okay, so that is the same for you.  We will have to take out that, I will take this much, you are going to be born and your daughter-in-law, this daughter, that Geelani and this much, if she did not keep it slow, then there are many such lamps which we should preserve, we do not have such a heritage which is one-third in our house.  Can clear the area if we take it in audit, there is no need to wait for Diwali to take audit, from now onwards we can do it slowly, every Saturday, you can take two years boy and complete a poor family can also get everything out of it.  There are six torn shops in the request, a person is lying there to find his pair, but you are sure that maybe one day, just like Karna Arjun had come, this box will also get his pair.  Okay and when that pair is formed then I will meet you again with the complete air of one. You know all these things from here. Vaastu also does consultation and all the things come out, so do not keep anyone's fast. Every house is knowledgeable, this is from house to house.  The story is that a copper is kept that maybe he will go to my village, keep it in class six, you will get to study, it means that you have subscribed to Logic Unit, it is written, keep an old diary, such that he used to write a diary that on 15th 1993, I had written that there is love in life and  After advanced years, according to romanticized milk, you should research the rate of milk and keep it in it. Those who keep them are broken, people should not keep them in the house. Remove this particular very sleep-inducing electronic items. Old mobile phone charges. Ask brother whose bedsheet.  I don't know which phone to throw away, I don't know if it is useful, buy this phone again, do it like this, people have kept even the old batteries so that when the boy gets expensive, I will make it expensive.  I will sell it, do such a thing and keep it, they are getting together in one go, it is a four day old newspaper, give me the medico, or take it, why tell me the increase in selling, you send it, otherwise why keep the pickup in your house, that smart thing is on your mind.  They put so much burden on you and then they make you buy a house which is even more expensive. If you try to save Rs. 25000 or 50,000, then after all the years, they will make you buy an expensive house of Rs. 50 lakhs a day because the mind  That relaxation is needed, clarity is needed, not a lot of space is required, how much should a big house be taken, if you expand the collector in that too, then you need a bigger one or make a store with the smell intact and there are only Indians who need this tow, that if this tow is not needed.  There is a thing in life that our weather is not so screen that we don't know how big overcoat we need in winter and we need height and let's go with that Englishman, his definitely and some 20 minutes and that kind of system of Rahman, ours is a very good country.  Take the temperature of Maruti and make it 25 degrees. Just in winter house, you do n't need anything more than 25 degrees so compatible. Now this is a matter of practicality. If you want more videos like this, then more will come to your mind. Force yourself. Do not go into the trap of opening the book because today there is so much wealth in your life that it will point you towards opening the book, tomorrow when your internal light comes down then you will definitely be afraid of eating even that big one.  Then if the big one has to be filled, then it will have to be put on the furniture, then its utility will also have to be done, then the maids will also become expensive in future. Do you have any idea if I ask you today that broom, mop and utensils charges 5000 in Gurgaon? Can you tell me?  If she buys it in the city, then it will be taken after 10 years. What will she take after 15 years? And will it be commensurate with the size of the apartment? Smaller size apartment will be charged less because it will be cleaned faster.  If it is necessary to take more then you have to operate all these things in your mind before getting into it Are you working after sixty SDO Money is coming Are you becoming rich Richer than diet This thing plays an important role in 800 today which someone  Sweeping, mopping and utensils are being done in the house, flour is being cooked, work is being done normally or will it be a luxury only for 10 years and only in the houses of rich families?  There will be this facility, in America rich families are not able to give gifts, one has to be very rich, there they are also going in direction, Didi appointed SN Medical 3725 in Holi, that can be a topic of discussion depending on which place.  But our metro is catching up and there will come a time and all its sins will cost for Rs 200. When you are buying the thing then you have to consider all these things.  If I am taking this then my kind of cash will be low margin classroom and Mary's requirements will be there, will my requirements be there, can my children live nearby, can I take a small one, can I take something for them, then these are the considerations.  Everyone must consider. How did you like this video? Do you have any comments regarding this? Please write in the comment section. Keyboard you think what is your opinion about its key what is that. Ideal were and forcefully take my big just that my ko all has to be shown to someone minute the correct way forward ok sugar to do slide due diligence ki yaar my ko tax liability channel all this we do consultation fear bhi aa I told people who Gave feedback, I said that even if the size of the room should be reduced, I should make a video in the room. If you want, then let me know. Our latest conversation was that the important part of the room is coming out. Note in things also important than this only one individual list which individualism is increasing in the society of children want to show rooms if there are two brothers and sister also brother is also this sister sister who because then seeing me small give me my own separate.  I am talking to someone, I am doing something of mine, I am watching something, I am reading something, this is something of mine, I have to sleep late, I have to sleep early, I want independence, so when I want this, then many times now I am declaring to you in the coming time that you people will see the rooms in the project smaller in size than I too, we will try to make the rooms bigger and take them to three by telling 1415 hobby carpet area in super area 1516 1413 committee has  So that it will remain in one like that, the child will remain, it has been stored, something has happened, play individually means I need to do it individually, it will grow necessary, we do not need space. Individual will has to be defined, if we increase it beyond a limit then that much will be spread in it and that much energy will now work, so if we can live in the declared way and can live according to modern living and whatever our old will be then  The stuff is fine, we can reduce those things which are no longer valid because these days the new furniture is the new accounting, those accounting things are coming in the modeller, the furniture is also a thing. He got angry. Even if I am coming, there is dream defect, want from the point, my subscribers, you people come down and process the thought, its big and small house's criteria is that he will verify, maybe the one who was going to school like fit for four and a half years, to listen to my video, the price is three thousand cut.  Will you say the right thing friend, such a big dance is a sight to behold, then someone was taking three, he will come on whom, it's something and I am not classifying for anyone, but you see that in your life more than 20  They are going to come from the beginning of 30 years because if you can shift today in eighty-five years, how much will be the maintenance after this year, no one can tell but there will be maintenance only because the cost of women labor will also increase in India, so there are security guards in your gardens.  There is a team to maintain you, there are lift boys, it is all this, I swear that all this will increase, even if the residents do not want to do it, it is very, very clear, what kind of society is this?  Eat, if there is a system of renewable energy there, then only then I am saying that new projects are coming, in the long run, oil is also a thing, these old projects will run without any frills, there is no renewable energy and water recycling, right?  You will have to buy that water again and bring it. If the water does not come from outside, if it is not used, then your plants will dry up. In the garden, you will see that the water will come from mine in the swimming pool. Understand that to point, not only does it feel very good inside the group.  Trimming is also fun, but who will give that money, okay brother, the police will be there, there will be maintenance of the gifts, no matter how old they are, they will be wrapped, there will be change in one day, everyone's life Brother, give me the paste, I have to take it a little less from the butt, that too one or the other, like your life, if you do 208 then you will earn your money, invest till 7075 and work.  We will do consultation, we will do any work, we will do the job, if we do business, we will do whatever or how to be, then you are always giving poison that we are growing by growing, I will give only this, okay that is and 100 good way of living but you can have.  Everything What is the message to you Consider Devotional Surya Prithvi I feel very scared to leave a society on a stage again Friend, I will remain on my feet, I feel like a loser, why am I the type?  If he has become poor then it is okay then he is doing it to avoid the feeling when you are taking it, at that time we will consider these things a little, Assam societies which will be cheaper, remember the recorder also more than cities, box office density, people day  Maintenance on People 's Birthday Feel Rich and Luxurious Life in Cities More You May Not Like It is the Advantages of This Quest If fifty flats are coming then If you are paying for Rs 50, then keep it simple, this is also a factor and because of renewable energy, there will be soft lighting in the new ones, because of that, keep solar panels installed, recycle water, ok water.  If the vehicles are blurry or are getting dirty, this is your green and if water is given in it, then the cost will come down, 10,000 points are also considered.  Jakar New Development Center Hai Apni My Name Is Tours Effective Than Real Estate Which I Don't Think So Any Other Channel Prince Left Leg The Content Please Please Like And Your Singh Jitendra Forward And If You Are Watching For The First Time Then Subscribe And Press The Red Button To Great And those who have liked it, press the bill notification and turn it to all so that when the video is released, the notification will come to Pooja's back, you do not miss out, thank you.