Hello friends, today's interesting topic is brother, is this builder reliable? Credibility of the builder is not known. This video can be of 10 to 15 minutes. You will have to give this much time because you will have to take many decisions in life and this question will always be there.  Instead of asking this builder, ask him, if you ask anyone else, no one is giving CIBIL score here. You asked the builder this and he told you about his reliability.  These are templates, understand them once, okay, first of all, seeking reliability should be directly proportional to the amount of money being investigated. 10 crores, 5 crores, 2 crores, 1.5 crores, 15000000 25. Now the one doing it will say, brother, I have the settings of my life, yes mine.  So the settings are for life span, some may be 25 lakhs, some may be two, some may be five. Okay, so you have to see the reliability.  Normal it will come at a cost but this dam second thing is that when you ask this question that is it reliable then we break the reliability of which thing but will make it correction quality theek dega ke song aur thing main hoti hai will be available on time So we have to see the time, see the timeline government according to Iraq, after that the penalty remains closed and the second thing is that the banks of NGT remain for two months-one and a half months, sometimes they are changed.  Virya Chhod Village Will Happen and Can Happen and You Accept Badole, the one who is delivered for 10 years is a bad intention, that question is different from the pain, the presentation which will be settled after coming out and the first impression will come, then the questions will be different, you have to understand carefully.  When you say to your wife, darling, please make a cup of tea, that darling voice goes to the kitchen, okay now, how long will it take for you to become a ghost in the kitchen? That person climbs for 5 minutes only, then for 5 minutes only, whenever she wants to climb, she does it, then you say in between, hey man, I have to add Tulsi or I want Tulsi now, so you increased the time by one minute because Tulsi was there in the balcony.  There is a plant, she will go and bring it, then she will give it Duggi, now program more requests for you along with her. In between, take the Rog Biscuits. You can have that tea which was promised for 5 minutes, it will be yours in 7 minutes.  If it is delivered i.e. if 50% time has passed then the reliability is not that of meeting on time at tea time in your own home. At this time the second thing is to ensure the reliability. You will also be entertained comfortably and everything will be done comfortably.  You will understand, okay reliability, you are marrying your son, you girl is asking for reliability of the boy's character, how much can you give, you can see till this level, this year you can see the reliability of that boy and girl.  In today's time, my father thinks and he will speak softly but there is no guarantee that you will be sober in life and the government is defaulting on what is the condition of Pakistan and what name has been kept in it. You know and  Do you know what is the condition of Sri Lanka? Sober and reliability of governments becomes questionable. Friend, living in very very uncertain times, seeking reliability and clarity.  And confidence beyond this point is not possible. For example, if this shirt is as white as this, then it can only be this much white. Make it even whiter and whiter and do this. Everything has a limit. There can be only so much clarity on a topic.  After that, there are no people in it. Brother, you say once you say, then why should we do it, why would I say that if someone's affordable 26 27  The one taken worth Rs. 60 lakh will become worth Rs. 70 lakh after four years and after five years, as per the template, some good ones have emerged, so someone should come and thank him for a little aarti that brother, this is the name of only Rs. 12 lakh, you told us.  Doesn't do like that, there you are, king, there was conviction from somebody else who has invested on December 20 Conviction never ever in weapons and  Elders can help in developing conviction related to rot condition in terms of answering questions and questions like this, that one builder was bad, in this I will also cover one builder, not foldable in reliability, 109 and give a big example in the sector. On the reliability of the builder in the photo, if his work is not done then listen to his voice that the builder had deleted it before the reader.  The thing is, there is an issue of land account and brother, it will be completed by November. Delay of six and a half years, two-two and a half years, break it by one and a half year, it is normal, NGT sister and one more bead and all this and you see this in it, 1BHK worth ₹ 1200000.  Was and 13 area and today its location is such and tab that those shorts and vests of affordable housing which are drying, if accidentally fall by the wind then Shobha's 10  Will fall in a villa worth crores, the location is this, the position will be 1BHK 3035 and the current will be Rs 15 to 16,000 fully furnished, so you and Viskriya Odisha have to understand how much risk you took here and what is the potential of the record and the draft of that was also subscribed.  What happened was fine, so it was delayed, who am I to save the builder, so many times I can whip the builders. I don't do it on time, I am not a sports person but I am telling a calculation to the public that they have to see the squadrons, am I taking so much risk?  By taking so much risk, I am getting so much reward, so if I get a little more reward by taking so much risk, then brother, I will take the thing in the first question and not the Unit of Research on Quantum of Wrist. Award for this, this is a stupid thing done by you, if you ask me, then this one is better than playing waist games, then this one is not capable of making havoc in this commercial, even after turning it off, at least you have to do it inside the residential area.  If it is found after closing time then there is no risk then the person can stay or if it is found at night then there also people take risk then here also they can take it as per their individual wrist tolerance so a person can see his own  That is, what is my cash, what is my income, what is my network, what is my capacity, so one like it, whatever thing is and wherever there is no clarity and there is any element of doubt, there is money only where the road is made, all the roads are made.  There is nothing to doubt, so if they look at affordable housing, I had said in the first dialogue that there will be credibility about it or something good, it will come at a cost, where there is a lot of space in affordable housing.  If something good happens then the cost may not increase but the subscription will not be there. You people have seen what happened in Marzi 106, what happened in Chord 102, what happened in Signature AT AT, whenever Signature comes in Khatti Seven, this will happen.  So that price will be in. You have to see this 108 Names of According to the Individual Doing Hundred Percent in Everything in Today's World If you go out on the road  There is a theoretical chance of you coming from your homes and a hundred percent chance of crossing the road, not a hundred percent. Do you know how many accidents happen every day in India? If someone starts reporting it live, the total is so high here today, then perhaps people will stay away from home. Stop Going But We Shape To Go Head-to-Head When Will I Get Married Today In Metropolitan Cities Top 6 Cities After  The divorce rate of the country is 61234 14% and every fifth marriage will be 20%, the couples in the quotes for something, if the medical officer tells the rate, you have some trouble but in the course, now he will be the batsman, what will happen at 16, time will tell but every  The fifth marriage is in force legally and officially, meaning the world knows who has how many Kaleshwars behind the door.  That figure is candy, she sent WhatsApp on vacation, where the society does not know, okay, so marriages are taking place here, now what is the problem that if a boy is cheated by a girl within the system, then what is his fate? Trust will be lost due to love, it will become that kind of point, then such work has been done which no one does in real estate, but brother, still I will come as a lover and the whole work will be done, you have to use your mind, see your bribe, there is a factor of reliability in it.  I tell you about big places, how it happens that if a company gets listed, the reliability factor increases because you can check its balance sheet, now ATS has defaulted, in bankruptcy, ATS Prime is the first to be in trouble, so it is okay. Now he knew about Indra Market. People like me had informed everyone. Okay, many times people say that no, come in the open and take the names of the builders, brother, there is legality, you do not take anyone's name like this.  Yes, it's fine, but you can tell by the way, when your friend is on a different platform, the fate line is working, okay, so now if they are not list players, they are not list players, they are not accounted for, what is the balance sheet, now like I am.  I can't check your balance sheet or you will have a bank statement. The car is parked outside your house, it is a good one, the house also looks fine, you wear fine clothes, the children are also studying in a good school, everything seems fine but.  Have you taken any loan?  You are defaulting, you have lost your job, you don't get to know about it, but in the moment, every account listed in the war is cleared, it is late and payable, there is also a government, so transparency also increases, the market gets to know about the end of Chinese players.  All the things are expensive, property, that is for you to see, no, you give a courier, I am giving you examples to explain a lot, you do not have to cook a small thing, it is called a courier.  So, if you do this DTC of Blue Dart and this of big companies, then it becomes expensive because the reliability is high, if your budget is less, then the reliability works accordingly, the thing is the same thing from your house, that air is going to another place.  I am going by flight, I am going by train in two days, I will reach there in one day, I will lose inches and that everything is created for inter courier 's price, this is true in life, so when you said this and it is a brand, it is useless Akshay.  So brother, that is insurance, it is the premium, you see this, even within your insurance companies, you see that if the intention of the insurance company is to pay more money or not in actual, then its premium is higher, that we need to know in great detail.  I will not go or take policybazaar.com but I am telling you that everything reliability will be priced in now, Chinese items come cheap, to the moon, they do n't work.  So it is fine till the evening, so their program from moon till evening can be anything, so what difference does it make if a person buys a thing worth ₹ 100, now their chargers are fake, now you can see the company 's logo reliability.  If it is more then you know what is the point, that thing is about the battery, it is like this in everything, so what do people need, reliability and passenger brother, if you get the money only in the resort, then reliability is yours and the other person is like he has this kind of respect, not a shopkeeper.  take it right  Shopkeepers say yes, if you want reliability then this product is your mark for everything, government has got involved and press many things, escrow account, if you want to know then please type mine, want to know about mine, type provisions witch, type rains.  If you want to understand the audience, then you will have to explain the reliability that the system has improved, many people do not speak, that too register something else in it, brother, before increasing it, there was a retrospective in the hand side. Even many people ca n't do anything about it after registering. Suppose you took a loan from me and I could not pledge the gold from you. You took a loan of 10 lakhs and I just gave it to you. If you default, then what will I take away? If I keep your gold worth Rs 15 lakh, then I have security, so after the introduction of RERA, there will be a lot of money behind, I understand. If you want to understand, point it out and how the government makes it affordable.  How there is 15 crore cash power in housing, how it keeps guarantee and bank, that too Yagya keeps cholesterol, if there is time, then there is nothing to worry so much about it, today there is a payment link plan, in Atlist Affordable you can see there is also a place for air and  At many places you are seeing that there is a 1090 plan and at many places, without bank submission, they have got antique red money. The elders have given that brother, give two cents on 20 rupees. Now he is afraid of that.  Or are you scared, you have to see then Reliability of builder will come at a cost and brother no one can guarantee anyone because you know Swarna Government Can Deposit Sudhir VPN Law of Probability You will have to go for a fee of probability kitni hai  If you cross the road then what can you do profit carefully see left and right cross, we are zebra crossing and time under 500 gr h or excise duty  Brother in question, the car is stopping at the red light, now it is green red, so whoever drives the car with his mind while crossing the road, then in the same way, you have to see who has the most power and reliability again repeat for the first time will come at.  Any Cost 200 Yudhishthir Willing Toe Pay The Cost Of A Sona Road Par Thick Bhai Saheb Is Akshay Top Brand 22 Thousand Rupees Removed At Feet Some Of Them And Some Of Them Apart  If Rs.30000 comes then the question of reliability is a bit heavy here. How much money is being spent? Rest of the brothers are full liability so you are giving Rs.22,000. Take a lot of feet for Rs.22,000. Now forget that but you will get the world. I will write and I will be able to tell.  Anti, the money has become so much, now you will see there, you will get the feeling that if a cat is getting so much then he can give it to the person according to his budget.  It has to be seen that the reliability is as per the sake. If you do the same as the doctor, then the cost of the operation will also be merited. It will reflect in the hospital's piece. Everything in life repeats itself. Little is always appreciated. Yes, you should soon have liability but there is some point of time. Now, like a new hero has come, his movie is being made, now how to tell his reliability in the market, that the picture will be very good, if you go to see it, then you will know only when the picture is made.  It will work, but like there is a doctor who does the operation first or you always bump into a doctor who does 20,000 operations, whatever you want, every person wants that my operation should be done by that doctor or I want to get the operation done only once.  That is, if my pilot is absolutely fine, then the pilot will be the captain for the first time, two pilots sit first and the flight will take place, from this the captain is the second co-pilot, okay then you will have to corrupt the check and balance of the system so that the pilot who is  is his  His training will be fine, his hours will be fine, all his currency requirements will be fine, Simran, his training will be fine and vote, the pilot is absolutely fine, DGCA must have done his work, the company must have done his work, the medical people will have done their work, there are many agencies in the system but  Deposit Some Instances and Action Balance are messed up at many places. Have you seen this? If I take an exam on affordable housing and tell you which of the 75 projects in Gurgaon Right now we are running in 12345, there is some problem, whereas the boys are 95% and almost fine. Yes, it means it is torn, where the money is going, it is not doing the work. These are the two builders, whose names you know, this problem is going on. That the rest is fine, otherwise it is the first one to make a mess here. The first one started improving, the other one has different issues, this is a systemic problem in it, one person cannot make a mistake at any time in the system.  Everyone will have to take responsibility but bye-laws, if you see, then 95 percent of the matter is going well, you do the calculations and you tell me, then I handed you the cigarette, then you someone says that brother, out of these chapters, where the matter is in 70, 71.  If things are going well, don't pay attention to it, if things are going bad, I am someone badi, comes with like, in the country too, lemon note, now he is new, who can guarantee him, there has been a war, the balance sheet is showing his old ones. What the business does, it is showing, you can say that RERA is mixed, there is an escrow account and it is a matter of how much is the matter, if it is an item of Rs 25 lakh then it is not just a correction but payment has to be made, it will be completed then you will be free from fear.  Do it the other way, you have a very simple thing in which people will have trouble, I tell it or I tell it, if it is long and done, then I will tell it separately, then it will be quite a lot more punctured, and now if I make it now, it will be long, if it is you  want That if you are still struggling with the problem of reliability, then what is the panacea solution? Then write the panacea, it is okay to write 'Re sister, it is okay to write the panacea,' it is okay, should I write the panacea in the panacea solution, are you okay to write 'Abi', it is okay in one shot, then I  I will tell you that panacea solution. If you are not able to understand then it is the same thing while taking anything, then what will be the panacea solution, I will tell you and please like this video. If you have ever shared it.  Not that anyone should share Let's bring 360 degree First Effective To-Do List Like Nobody 10 in This Country But Bicycle The Time Zone Number One Quality Giver The day the rest of the 360 degree list will give perspective It's not possible because some idiots have to wear My God  Grace may have been exposed to other thought processes late in life but this different discipline led her to  Approach to get the stock market human psychology and so many things are supreme. If you have not subscribed this channel yet then do and share. Thank you.