Hello friends, again another interesting topic, brother, what is your degree? D. Middle class obsession degree and qualification. You have said this. You are telling that your food is going to be a very interesting topic. Most of the D. degrees are written by the people who are roaming around in IT. Note this. These are the working people of yours, they all have big degrees, all the IM people, IT people are reducing it for these people, the man gets the degree only because now he will not speak again, degree very.  Important reason: This is because you have spent a lot of time and money, which is less even without a degree. If you want to open someone's stomach and become a doctor then you need a degree. You need a degree to become a lawyer and how to fight in the court.  If there is an official need to file someone's return, then a chartered accountant is needed, but for many things there is no one and these people are not wasting their time, they are running after degrees one after the other. Masters, this one, then did this, after bed, did M.Ed, after bed, did this, did that, as many as your physics guy, have you given him a bed? Is this unicorn teacher, Aman Bhaiya Amantarwal, which bed admit him?  Tax is kept, teacher needs a degree, he needs a degree, see what is the system, in the whole system someone has to give something, a system is made to interview everyone, that this is an exam, to give this exam you have to only then you need a degree  If you come to this exam then first you filter your degree here and then pass this exam in this exam, like someone has done prelims and then interview, then after that we will keep shortlisting you and after that we will give you interview as it happens in the company. Round one, round you, round three, this is how the thing happens, round one, round you, round three, okay, so this thing gets played out for you, why does it happen, round one, round you, because they are filtering you, they are filtering you, okay.  are you the gate  This think because there is no time whether you are good or not but if you prove yourself good then the story will ask about degree, someone will go to Ramdev ji and ask about yoga degree, you tell me he does engineering, which engineering degree does he have?  There is inner engineering, inside this you are shown that project, I did this, I did this, this is how I can solve your P point and I can do this, thoughts what now, which degree have you taken, now people have to press this button, children.  Do we make thumbnails? This also costs ₹ 800. If someone asks about the editing of a video, he will say, 'It's a joke, it's going well, take it, the money is going well, take it, the money is very less.' This is what I am explaining to the war, degrees, degrees, degrees, that is money, doing practical things by doing degrees, you try it, there is money in it, degree, note it, no longworth, if D degree, note it, having D tire MBBS and  Date Aims Date, you are not a big label, those who are in this league and whoever is in this league is only 510%, 90% of this and garbage, giving three-four-five plus eight years is a waste of time, even after 5 years you are  If you were making these thumbnails, then even in 17 years, they can be made. There are two or four such things which can be used on canvas and by going to them, you can learn the pictures etc., learn the free knowledge on YouTube, read the story.  Do a short course, no one is interested in this, if you are lying in your suit with a lady late in Rohini Pritampura, in this Shalimar bag, go to her and ask her, then she has done it from National Institute of Fashion Designing, oh brother, she has a booty.  Tailor is a master, he has some of his own, he makes them and the one who likes him in his locality, he is doing well, you who eat ready food are his hotel management.  If you look at the degree of a cook, what is the story of taking it? If you go to a hotel, then what is this degree of a cook? There are so few of them without a degree, this is what I am telling you about the people who drive the Maruti car, I am in Gurgaon.  I have seen 18 vehicles in which there is stock. You see, there is a trailer which is 18 long and is made of three vehicles like this and two like this. How long is the driver? Where did you get the degree from? Do you know what is his salary?  Have to go and check, crane operator, this is such a big crane and construction is taking place, I have gone in Chrono at such a height to check what is inside it, it looks like the cockpit of F-16, there is a small joystick.  By doing this it seems that the ship will sit in the juju, the crane will train the crane operator, the knife will open, it is within lakhs because it is so less technical that it has to be caught by the society, here it belongs to the society or the block.  It is worth Rs 50 lakhs, you have to pick it up and adjust it here, this is not teaching you, no school or college is teaching you, where did you get it from, the society is so technical there, again, I am talking about crane operator, this kind of thing.  I will keep bringing things, I will keep giving you knowledge about careers, subscribe my info, I will tell you what to do and what not to do, you can pick it up, but you should know that you have got a job worth Rs 40000.  In the matter of degree degree, I am Ba degree, 2.5 lakh, 3 lakh, 4 lakh B comes out, this much is necessary, you will have so many managers, so much business is going on in India, so many managers are necessary, you tell me, do you pick up the phone and call tomorrow, do you have ₹ 30000 in Ba?  Now, we are recruiting like us, we are good sir, at least Rs 30000 is from our side for ITM, which is better for us because of this, it is B.A.  So come on brother, you must have read something, note on the date required, date on the twelfth pass, this is also okay, on the date when but NDA has been done, the same note has been given for that, you also write something by this today, whatever degree you are doing or doing.  You may have six degrees, be it from college or university, you are not the first person who has done it. Whoever has done it, look at their track record. What are they doing? Some may be alumni type systems, some may be relatives to old systems, some may be friends.  There must be someone in the friends circle, there must be someone in the acquaintance circle who is doing less, then there must be someone, if they are there, then ask them what they are doing, you will automatically know that I don't have to do it because if that person is related to them.  If he is reducing then he said, if this is what was to be reduced then brother, this degree must have been your eureka moment, this degree of date which you took and this is less, there is no link in it and this is not in one how, it is like this in thousands of cases.  This is what is happening Selfish Becoming Meaningless Think Which You Can Show Through Social Media Presence And Projects And Something It Is Good In Par De Parson Hoon Ise Going Tu Hi And More Over It's Going Tu B Jig Economy GigaNamial Mere Ko Aapke Rakhna Hi Nahi Pan Hi Nahi Bhai A Ye  Tax is less, take the money, what is Shikha, where is Shikha from, don't let me know, show me, ok, ok, it's over, this is happening to many people, so I hope you Bill.  Understand the message which I want you to send through this think it is not the meaning of studying, leave it, there is no degree in my dajo mill, there is nothing but do it from the three of your life, we are going to extract tax years, we are going to extract tax years there. You look at yourself there, friend, is it worth it or not, is he doing it just because or is the college good, is the college good, what is happening to him, then see what is happening in future also, what else have you done and what he has done?  Come, you ca n't start right now, do you need a degree for that and if you want to put graduate on your forehead that if you get married, then I don't like being called 12th pass, then do it from Kahani from an open college, do any degree, do graduate.  It is difficult because if it is not your personality, your communication skills, your patience, but your hard work that actually takes you, then the story of a degree in that.  There is no contribution at all, it just exits separately from you, in fact you will get a lot of brain power, if you are not doing anything like this in your degree, you will get the advantage of doing something else, rest of the people are engaged for 18 to 22 years. You are 18 to 22 years old, you have kept a history of your work of 4 years behind you, whatever you have done, you have reduced the number of projects. You can keep a record on physical social media, in digital or actual, that I have reduced this in different ways. Smart people are understanding my point, the number of subscribers is not 400,000, but they are slowly increasing but there are very few requests.  I will tell you that those who are watching for the first time should do this a little and those who are watching for the elderly should also start sending it to their children. Ok, they will also understand the thing and the children who are watching please do this with your parents.  Look at the guidance, this content is not that, 15 plus type parental guidance is also required so that it is possible that if a very young child is understanding or listening to me, then he may not understand the whole thing and he may also need guidance, so please guidelines people.  Tell your father and mother, they will tell you, understand this, I have told you exactly what can be done, in some details, I will give you advice in the webinar group.  Join that also, I will keep posting things like this once or twice a month and will keep giving you actual time table ideas. Thank you very much.