Hello friends, I have come up with an interesting topic. The topic I want to do brother is that this unit seems expensive to you. Brother, understand the series of the topic and according to these two-three, the rooms are looking small. Brother, first you check.  Do it, I will also give you the link, okay, so this topic seems expensive brother, I will tell you only about expensive real estate, but I will link you up with every product, Jai, whatever it may be and today I am with you guys.  Second Third Floor Order I will open my eyes by doing some thinking. If I am able to open them then please tell me. Whenever we say that something is expensive then we have to introspect that I can fold this thing, I have money but I don't have value for money. It seems to be worth ₹ 100, to me it seems to be worth ₹ 70, it seems to be worth ₹ 6080 and experts will still call it expensive, you cannot call it expensive when the thing is good, you do n't know.  How much should it cost? You thought it was expensive because it was not in your budget and it was called Torque Project for example. For example, I just sit down and go to buy a dolly. It's okay, I have the money. I also have the knowledge about how the engine of Bentley is.  How is the engine of Rolls Royce or these zooms, expensive, expensive car, what is the computer sitting behind it, what is the time table, what is the cost, what is the intangible cost and after that call me if electricity is not coming, expensive  If this and Rolls Royce are fine then it will be called correct if I am Alto Kupatra wala or Creta But I will have to call that brother, this and the torque are budget, I don't understand, it is not in my capacity, but if you have the money then you have the right.  It is common to call something expensive or non-expensive because someone like you is from Chanel in perfumes, someone can buy it at Rs. 8504, he has a fragrance, now it is worth Rs. 10,000, it is not worth its value, you also have lots of ways to do that.  Consultation and happening in this country, the country's chief and lord of people are getting wet, new money is coming to the people, there are also consultations on vehicles.  20 of you can become master of a new career option, I am telling you that as the ticket price is 10-20 thousand, our understanding is very high, this phone is good, it has more pixels, its RAM is as much as the storage. We understand the name of the alarm, but as the ticket price increases, the understanding decreases. 5 to 10 lakhs in Musakhedi, what kind of car is it, how is its horse power, how is the suspension, how is it, how is it Zero.  A few people do 260 cases on YouTube and there are also side accounts etc. It is only for 15 to 20 lakhs, then it makes sense if you go in a car worth 50 lakhs and go in a car worth 70 lakhs, then many people do not have IDBI.  Money is also available further, do you have 90 lakhs or want to buy a car? You don't have IDBI, which car can it be? You are only looking at the car from India, friend, it is looking good, it looks big, it has soul inside.  If you don't know then finding out the soul is a can beer shop consultation So when you say I understand the soul of the property then when you say it is expensive then you do n't know what you are getting one thing  You are getting as what you can see in this regard help you to see the third thing with the intelligible thing which comes with the brand comes with Himesh okay who will live here how will you live how  If you network then now you have to see that whatever is coming is going to be expensive and dense. If you find something expensive today then tell me its description. You are not buying things from it or do you think that the rate of juice is  This is good, but you are finding it expensive, so it is not that you should not buy, cannot buy, I too, you are thinking that this is your income, when we go to Kumar, then you will buy such things, then both Question and Answer.  I will do something and tell you  The question is, will your income grow at that rate from 2022 onwards? Will it grow at a higher rate? Will it grow at a higher rate? You have to see what happened from 2012 to 2018 2019. Let me keep it that way. What happened in 2018, property prices remained the same, income did not change from 2012 to 2018.  It was here that it kept on increasing while reading and reading towards what is the quality and salary then subscribe this and talking about the total salary, there are taxes and drinks in it and how much does one get in the hand, has anyone heard that if the PF is so sour then it will be something like 50 in the hand.  Put it first, it's not about him, let's see according to your status, what you deserve, how much diesel you spend on your wife and your wife's salary.  I am telling you the fifty percent formula, add both and your hundred percent and multiply it by 6, then this is your limit, you can take more than the emergency, you can also take below the account, okay, this is your budget. I told you the big formula, if it is 6 inches then it can be taken up to 6270, it can also be taken up to 75, it will go above that and batting mode on you can chew August, take 6 grams.  So it is easy for you, but this was your status of sixty, but you want to be in ruble and you want to invest, we, they or you want to leave the job early, your business can be of any kind, like this pocket clip, it is possible.  Okay diet also bike R15 expertise suck to travel in a car wishes one-third of what I can actually be easily stuff and okay so  That is a lifestyle choice ok but the formula for home which I told you is normally sixty at this time you can easily find and access then money is going in for years in under construction project patience na you can jump and don't be centier than that from 6277 development  I think that my salary will increase so much in three to four years and the twisted fall under mentality is that as long as it is from my loan, it will be on me, then it will also be like this.  It can be seen but if you are taking ready to move in where the money meter is going to go down today, dead body figure is 60, whatever seems expensive to you, there is information for you today, whatever is available in the market, whatever is cheap to you in the birthday market.  It looks like it is a 99.90 cent cot. The thing that seems expensive to you is not necessarily good. Who is not the rule? It is not that this thing is cheap, it is bad because you are feeling power, if it has that.  The non-veg mill will get a hike, it will be something like Rs. 50, which you have not discovered, keep it in the market, that is why even in a bullish market, it is getting a lower status of validation. Okay, now assume that donkey, horse, lame, everyone is running fast, then the rates have increased.  Which seems expensive now, you will see that it is also good, you will have to delegate your work, but in this bullish market, this is my device in March 2022. Tell me how you liked this video. Share it with the people. One interesting thing that seems expensive is to keep some water and I will tell you that those who have been doing related monitoring for 40 years, suppose in your relatives in the family, the parents bought it. Ask them whenever someone buys them, that is why they find it expensive at that time. And that is because it seems expensive because one should never buy a very cheap thing, so if someone bought a flat in Dwarka in the year 2000 or even in 1997 worth Rs 10 lakh, 12 lakh, then at that time  The same amount was put into it, now that light will increase from Rs 12 lakh to Rs 1 crore, it will be worth Rs 190, even now if someone buys it, it will still take the same amount of emphasis, so there will always be this much emphasis in buying property, development is inflation, salary is there and you can check the affordability.  Lena, whenever your father bought anything, ask him for the month in which he was registered, I will find out in detail, okay, and for how many months from that salary.  The property came in the salary, we have to see the status of the property and the status of our father, he was an officer, he was a lover, he was at the top in the corporate, he was in the middle, he was in the lower, if he was anything else, then both the things are fine.  Matching that thing of this time, a person of this time gets this many months' salary and now a person of that status is getting in how many months' salary, what is he getting above this, then you will get a rough idea of ​​the budget that who How expensive is it? I am bringing all this in the template of interesting pet consultation. After opening these things, I am teaching them very well to my platinum members, so I will teach related courses further, I will tell a few people from Mussoorie here and there, so if  If you want to become a platinum member then please do so, you will definitely become very happy, you will get to learn interesting things, you will get 50 to 70 thousand rupees by posting job and real estate, ok then I  Some certificate in it is not yours, it is not a course worth crores and lakhs, it is a course worth thousands, it comes with platinum membership, one pizza, one pizza at the price of one pizza, it is okay to eat less, do you know how much a pizza costs, okay, Domino's work which  Do you know how much does Pizza Hut cost? You are getting to learn a lot from a species custom month, so my request is that in the coming time, knowledge Joe Varinder will like practical knowledge.  Always help. Okay, so those of you who want to become platinum please do let me know. Whoever takes the membership, I will add you to the special telegram group. If there is a party, I have got access to BHU all my Sunday pet.  Say and much more, ok, that is its intro video, in it I have explained in 3 to 4 minutes that this video seems expensive. Please share. What 99% of the people are finding expensive is beyond their budget.  It is not expensive outside, the rates are justified and they will become more expensive. Thank you madam.