That Hello friends, I used to do 21st promise in different cities, I had reviewed them, so they are included in one of my playlists, it has been done till Faridabad, 10 cities of Haryana have been done, Meerut has been done, Dehradun has been done.  It has already been done and you know about Gurgaon in general, I keep adding it. Okay, a separate series for Delhi has come. Okay, so now today I am adding two more cities in the same series. I am Daruhera in Bhiwadi, so in today's video we will discuss. If you have bought property in Dharuhera, had you ever bought it by mistake? If you are thinking of buying it in Dharuhera or Bhiwadi, then I have brought these two in the play list, the rest are as mine.  And you must go and see them. If you are interested, there are reviews of 10 cities of Haryana too. So friend, if you want review of any other city, please write. It is okay if it is in my circle of friends.  If you get confidence then tell me that I will do different in Jaipur, whatever I do in computers, Jaipur, Lucknow, Hyderabad, Pune, Mumbai, I have done the withdrawal, I don't think I have much audience in Mumbai, so I will definitely do it in such cities, Chandigarh.  But there is a ban in cities also, please North Chandigarh is boiling, then you go and see Dharuhera and Bhiwadi, both of them climbed in 2006 and discussed them together 7 to 8  The reason behind its rise in the year 9-10 was that real estate had become very expensive in Gurgaon, there was a time when people like Naumi used to talk a lot and nothing was available in Gurgaon at that time, it was so expensive at that time. People started moving away from Gurgaon, Daruhera is Bhiwadi, both cities were promoted as industrial bases, yet the truth was in Bhiwadi, there are so many industries in Dara Dharuhera.  etc., this kind of game was of a big level, it was not there at that time, it is not there today, but stories were definitely told and expensive projects were launched at that time. Okay, which builders do you write this? One Kumar Ahuja, people laughed a lot at that.  It is fine on time, at that time the balance was Rs. 10,000, in 2012 it is fine on the rate and the story of Bhiwadi begins, the people of Ashiyana removed their retirement homes from Ashiyana, very good.  The concept was Raksha, if you want me to make it in real estate on Retirement Homes and Oldest Living, then please write in the comment section Retirement Home Zoya Oldest, because if the office wants, I will definitely make it. If there are codes like that, then I will definitely tell about it.  That concept initially worked but then became plate white, those flights were sold by Ashiana and others till 3932 last, today they are in the resale market.  36 37 38 lakhs are sold only 11 12000 rupees are left in which the minter sees dry ₹ 3000, then only 89 thousand rupees are left for someone, that's standard. Take it a rally of three and a quarter percent and the rate is not seen increasing anywhere. This is a classical example that by telling stories on this industry, the related industry is increased, wherever real estate comes, that level does not go beyond that level.  Exactly 8-9-10 lakhs, it will go up to 35 lakhs because you see, he is going to get the highest salary in the industry, he is a top officer, he is on a senior position, he will not be a Bhiwadi Dharuhera, he will do the accounts with his henchmen, he will be in a nice car with half-a-quarter on the shoulder. Whatever it takes, one hour at a time, people will start coming from wherever and they will go to their places, it is not you who will raise the rates and the kind of people who will be there, if there are other bachelor laborer level people, then they will help you.  It is not your age but your salary that the rates of your flats have increased, your art is the best, your lower middle class, the officers who will be in those companies, do reverse engineering from their salary because it cannot be more advanced than that and calculate the property from those friends.  If people can't go up then if they had done this math earlier then maybe not so many can do it, then those who still have eight ten lakh parli 11 12 lakh first rates feel setting on profits 2000 12  Put in 13 14 15 They have suffered a lot of loss and what is the reason for the biggest loss which at that time I was not convicted People who are not embraced You should consider yourself a zealot Opposition is nobody Nishan Skin Haryana Affordable in November-2013  A housing policy will come which will start working on practical ground by 2015 because that is definitely the reason for bringing it, it was the government's because the Greater Noida site was opened many times to the public. And the one from this side was going to Bhiwadi Dharuhera, so she came just like that, when things started being available in Gurgaon at ₹ 4000 carpet area, people stopped going there. Note today a few cases, her three BHK in Gurgaon 36 youth 752 subscribed aur daru hain hai, if you can set it, you can take it, if you want to take it, then there will be arrangement for money for any question about my device, then okay, one. Normal built, old built, you can get it for Rs 28 lakh in 16 lakhs as per your wish, lottery has come out * It is like signature in affordable housing, so you can compare it with loan flats, it will be a little better, but if you see such an investment,  This one mix more sense, that rental is two and a half times that means if it is two and a half percent then it is 6 7 8 cents, growth of money.  The location is also good, the money has to be paid in 3 years, if you want to buy a flat in Bhiwadi and Daruhera, if you have breast cancer, all the money will be lost, there will be no increase, for three- four years, I will give slowly, there is no chance of appreciation, front  End is lying on percentage and don't do any such great story and experiment and if industry will come and laborers will come, then this is the mess, people are getting cheated even in these wall reports, only people from UP are getting cheated mostly. My request is UP. people  If you have watched the video then it is okay then please watch the rest of the topic there in Play Store Play Store, only the airport line is not visible, come on tell me if the report of rupees is coming, then this will make you laugh, it means that the luck of the laptop was earlier.  It seems to be 18 first, it seems to be ok, horse first seems to start cutting, is there any saying in English that it is ok, so he has not come yet, I do the voice and Tiwari has everything here, Tapu Kheda Honda's plan, this couplet, his Plant Rajasthan Government green intimidation sorry everything is going on there best vestis go and see physical running very very very very queen in the industry clean and neat area infection is also good no shortage just one and a half that they say not rowdy and  Ka or I, go towards Daru Utha, you cross this, Kherki Daula is fine, after that let's move ahead, it is fine and then start going towards Daruhera, you will see left and right on the highway. Last flying empty, so many buildings were built on it, I just edited Edison National Highway and X-ray. Those who say that a highway will be built here, it will be an expressway, that which will go to Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor, then you can take anything you want on top of that too.  I will make a video, okay, if he wants, then you can tell him, Divya Vani Dharuhera Dozens of Story E and Drop Assembler Story About Twenty Fourteen Years Back, whatever happens. People were running away from Gurgaon, George Harrison because it was so expensive, in 2014 it meant ₹ 4000, then the story will end and so on because still and then there were Ujjain in Gurgaon in 2022 in which positions from 24 to 25 to 26  The one which is being launched today will have a position of 2627, so this next supply will keep coming to Gurgaon for 5 years.  In the war of who will ask, when he comes to Bhiwadi and Daruhera, the local crowded bus which was 10,000, will increase to 13, 14, 15 times and that thing which was not yours worth Rs 42 lakh, is now yours worth Rs 38 lakh.  But she is selling it, she will ask for 45 lakhs more, only this coward, do you know what is happening here, so if there are any doubts on this video, please do so.  Tell me how did you like it? Please tell me which is your selected city. If that city comes in my circle and properties then I will build it in it. Ok, Dehradun has been built on Meerut, it has been built on Chandigarh, it has been built on Faridabad, it has been built on Bahadurgarh and so on.  It has been made on 10 cities of Haryana, so please go to the play list, your home city is already ready, which of these I have told you, so please tell me how many people are crazy about Jaipur.  He can write how many people are crazy about Lucknow. Lucknow can write and someone from your city can write that. Thank you very much.