Hello friends, today's video is going to be very interesting, fight with three trillion dollar prize, India has become a trillion-dollar economy in 3 years, in four, in four and a half years, that is the topic of discussion. My topic is how it affects the middle class. Will do this especially for lower middle class and middle class, my audience is clearly middle class, I will bat on behalf of middle class, I am in the last, this video may be absurd, what kind of trouble is this?  People may think that it is not okay and some people may also get away from this video, so do not delete it before the movie, it tells you that this can happen, how will you feel, write in the comment section, I am very happy.  I have discovered one thing, the Eureka moment has come, the eyes are bright, the excitement is relaxed, now I am telling you one thing, I have never seen a thing happen so quickly in any platform, if I mention it, then listen to the fight release from 311, whenever any foreigner's Navami is released.  Maximum wealth creation has taken place in it and this work of two trillion dollars, which took 30 years to increase last year, will now become two trillion in 3 4 5 years. Friends, there is no arguing in this, not only this, 4 years 3 months.  3 years and 9 months, this is going to be inevitable, but I don't know what middle class is in this, I feel cheated, I was not going to tell Ghoshal, so today's video is being made.  It is possible that the popularity of the video becomes very high after 3 years or four years, so you understand what I want to say, now very carefully around you what is happening is absorbed very carefully. Today I will take the example of a teacher and tell you about every career.  I want to see my metal craft. Our women teachers are such that their wingspan is equal to thirty-thirty-five thousand 45,000 depending on  Which school is it? Do you teach small children? Do you teach middle class or senior class? What is the subject and how much experience do you have? I am not talking about government school teachers. I am talking about private school teachers. My prediction is I am an astrologer but I am doing this economy thing so that in 3 years a maid should not be a bad thing for anyone. A maid who cooks good food will earn more money than a teacher. This is my opinion.  The topic is related to Roy, many women will feel bad when they are teachers and I will also tell them what to do, school fees have increased so much, moving towards private schools will cost everyone their lives and there will be an uproar, they will not get big salaries.  Will not give more to teachers because I will make a separate video on the schools they have built in a wrong way. Real estate is so expensive and that will be a separate topic of discussion. Today Will Stick Toe was the middle of  The middle-class is coming at par with the middle class and the lower class is coming up. The salary of any medical professional has not reduced in the last five years. After the arrival of Covid, after the arrival of grandmother and grandmother, many people have got validation and such.  This migration happened because of comedy, so the rates and salaries of the people who do manual work will increase and there may be noise. You are an engineer, your number is 25 thousand and Mary's salary too. People will feel bad after hearing that 25000 is perfect, it is the reality of the ground, the fact is that man does not think that I am an engineer, starting at 25, my gross supply of man part will be one and a half coming every one month, 10 lakh new children are coming in a month, who are pan in the market. India makes Rs 1 crore 20 lakh NITI Aayog in a year. Salaries will not increase because supply is more in every segment, so I am telling this to all of you.  The one who says that you should leave all your work and become a maid in 9 months, I am not saying that you should start driving a rickshaw and do all these things, become a bar, become an electrician, but there is a lot of growth in the earnings of these people.  What is going to come and what is to happen from it, that is your time, don't welcome, don't invest before you act and good A+ to take off yourself on this, what is the result in the stadium, you are of AC three tier government.  By somehow putting the anger in AC-2 on a hanging basis because the lower class who will come up from below will be coming your and neighbors, they are not the last, every time I explain the disclaimer, understand it carefully, you are a person earning a salary of Rs 1.5 lakh.  Which is a very good salary but your mother does not do any work because she never did any work. Mother also does not work because even she was not given any work. 1618  2019 year old boys and girls also do not work because they are studying, they have to move up a bit but there is a section in their family, every person in their family is earning Rs 25 thousand and there are six of them and that is equal to your Rs 1.5 lakh, this is Eureka.  And they don't give Rs 1 for text and they are also getting subsidy from the government. I am not in front of the poor in this video, I am showing a mirror to the middle class ma'am who is considering himself middle class for Rs 1.5 lakh. Household income: 1.5 lakh rupees, this is yours, your mother's white income, zero children's income, zero, your debt boxing is less, you also go to work here, the other one is a mechanic, he is 25000, his wife is 25000, his 17-18 year old child is also working. Taxes and these people also get married early and if they have children in 20, 21, 22, 23 years then it is 150 years.  Old so mother share it and hui doctor gathered the first year old loosening child journey and observe fasting so their household income is increasing and this trend will plant further because when they have children they will not work with this serum below level. He in Ujjain.  You will go and do your course from ITI. I also go to these people and consult them. Most of the donations have to be done for free and people have to donate knowledge. Laughing is the biggest category of both, number one comes in 12 types of jars, then right and left that mood of the change, very good sleep, let it be, course work, quintal number, source, number of people stand together and where running minister, will amounts, civil court, one now  The middle class gets its milkshake four five six lakhs ago. You don't need to explain to the rich above your class, so today you can do this.  Layer in small things auto moreover you will know this is my prediction 2 years 3 years from now lot of the people living in kacchi colony and urban villages with definitely shift affordable housing and affordable housing people who are there today  You will definitely come to Deendayal and you people of Deendayal also had something to come with great force and have to come.  Because ultimately be reduced and make the difference of Hindu society identify what you are, clothes, speech, this is my I agree but you will appreciate the phone, what they were, keep watching for the last three weeks to see where their phone levels are.  From where are you growing, at what level are you coming, just like now in your home and be dual careful, you don't have to stay in your comfort zone for some more time, people will work for 6 days.  In India, some will work for 6 hours, some will work for 6, some will work for 4, some will earn only 15, whether you will earn 18 or nine, you will not pay tax because those who do not get tax benefit at all, and you, if your one earning person is happy with 1.5 lakhs.  So the two takeaways are, start getting all the jobs done by your wives, whichever job you get, whichever one you get, whoever doesn't work, say 2025, you are lucky, stand up, I will not take it, my children are big.  Take care of any game, all the children will take care of themselves, you will take care, this video can become a series depending on if you take it positively because I have content on this because my discovery has been so much, the list of its products is  The big thing is I want to tell a light middle class and lower middle class story because you will find yourself going down from middle class to lower middle class the  Moment You're a middle-class person Anderson and Doctor 10 Didn't Take Up a Job and Didn't Have Anything in Two Years You're Lower Middle Class It's stuck with you so this is the depth of this video if you guys understand  I am on this, if you want me to leave some support and I will do that till now, in job series, marital series and money minded series, record this one which is my video in this note coming under one. Categories But this will give me 3 options, in this I will tell you what to do in the job, what can you do in maintaining the marriage and what can you do in thinking about money, but agent is that if you are already such AC-3  If you are one, then if you are finding it difficult to take the straight, then put it aside when you go to the road market, this is the take away because this will just move up and down, the big section is coming from below, 325 trillion dollars.  It is bound to happen. How much will be your share in the rice of that shampoo trillion dollar economy? Will depend on what you do. Thank you in this.