Hello friends, today's topic is deep and intellectual. Watch it till the end. Even if it seems a little big, you will get a practical benefit from it. Today's topic is calculate your network and change your lives. What is this network for many people?  If any of you would know, those who don't know, I will tell them that what is the total amount of your it-liabilities? It is 2 crore, 15 lakh, 000 thousand, 5 crore, normally we do n't measure this, we work in different companies, different-  We work in different organizations whether it is government or private, in that we take complete care of the progress of that organization, the disease and other parameters, we have to give balance sheet data, how many Malvikas and government people will be there, they also play a lot with the data, so all the data  They maintain their organization very well, whenever you need to know something in the organization, you get that update, the whole system is working towards it, all the computers have data, the employees are also working on that and that too very well.  but when personally someone  Then ask him how much network you have, don't have a name, it is high cost, this question is asked during a consultation, most of the time 999 times people don't have any idea that we have property here, some are my shares, some are mutual funds, some  I cannot answer on my face that if there is a network then net worth you have many apps, download them, calculate the network, whatever amount of assets you have - you all have your network, this will give you a lot of benefits in life, today on those files  I am going to discuss first of all I am going to give you this mantra, tell you one big thing, you cannot improve anything which you cannot measure and ages cannot mention which you cannot measure or measure, you cannot improve it if you want to lose weight  If you want to do it then you will have to get on the weighing scale and measure it, only then will you know which way you are going; if someone wants to bring down his fever then it will have to be measured on Monday that he has such a high fever, now I am bringing down my fever, so whenever we measure things, the data  has a lot of value today  You have to do this in your life at the time of 2022. 2022 has started. People make many resolutions and they get broken. What all benefits will you get in your life by January-February just by doing this. You should see, you should calculate your network once.  If you have done it, you have to listen to the benefits, what will be the benefits, first of all you will stop wasting time in life, you will reduce politics, office politics arguments with anyone because you will have to do the work which is not contributing to increasing your network. Stop it, you have to look at yourself on a weekly basis, your network should grow this much, but if this is for well being in life, then look for GDP a little more than nominal GDP, GDP plus inflation as nominal GDP, the entire country average is growing on that, then if you are in the country  Pedro is not developing his network, he is lagging behind. If you think that I am a government employee, I got a 3% increment, 6%, my device will increase every year, my total is 45 per cent, out of that also I will have to pay tax, 30%, 33  But you will be left behind  There is a lot to do, I am showing the platinum members, those who want to become platinum members can also become platinum members by pressing the join button, the second benefit of this will be for you, you will get purpose in life, that this is what I mean because when you were a student, you used to get a report card  It was given to you and it used to be that if my tiffin number comes then I have to do this in Noida, so there was some criteria, so when you get a job, then how will the whole system fool you, listen it makes you, you have to earn money, then your short  These are your term goals, my long-term goals are this, for this, to go to Switzerland, do this APN, for that you do it here, for the marriage of your children, do it there, do this for this, this is how a rich man decides the gundhar, your work is network of mine.  To hit a million dollar hit, at the rate of 75, it amounts to seven and a half crores. By the time most of the audience will do it, if they don't like it, then the dollar cost would have been ₹100. So keep the figure of 10 crores in the back of your mind and then Jaswant Singh Hitesh Madhan Top-10  Crore Dhaniya, I have to go here, I have to do education, you will rise above all these diseases, a lot of this iron is shown to you in the system and that is here, remove all the rest of this, spend the rest of it, you will get so much help in decision making from this  It will be easy, do you want to buy a car, which weapon network to buy, you know that buying it will cost me but what is depression in it, which acid do you want to buy, do you want to buy so many clothes, how many shoes, how many mobiles, what are you doing, you will get draw every week from your network  You have to learn in the beginning, nothing can be shaken by magic. If you assume a rough estimate of the nominal GDP of the country's 7 per cent GDP growth and five percent inflation, then if you were worth one crore this year, would you be worth one crore next year?  It is written that crores and you have to check it. Your wealth could be in real estate, gold, stocks, PF, in some cases, in cash, crypto currency.  It can happen in anything, it has plus 1 and intelligible value  That is your own value, how much are you worth and because if you put value in yourself, then your money making capacity will also increase, people just get stuck in investments and do not increase their value, the highest returns come the more you invest, people concentrate on the returns People do not contact on the amount to be deposited, if you deposited 1 lakh rupees and hundred percent started then you earned 1 lakh rupees but one got rotten and 10 per cent growth happened then you earned 10 lakh rupees or after this you have the capacity to deposit  How much are you and many other people who make the mistake of making the base modest, I have seen among the youngsters, 25 to 30, 35 years of age, they are not doing Sapna song, they are not doing Sapna song on acid and are busy, earlier they were playing crypto, now they are playing Beneficial  You can also buy a lottery ticket thinking that you will get the money soon, if you want to go for it because the chances of becoming rich by buying it are practically more, which is better than buying a product against your will, so like it is definitely time  Quantity  Tales paged this hair oil I ordinance who listens to me, sees me, likes it please do it for your network, it will take 24 hours, take out everything of yours and see in it whether depression toe pack appreciates and any other thing outside eight percent To get an average of 1000 you will have to bat well because something is only at five percent, all it's something and if it's six per cent only then it's not the base of injustice is getting higher, it's getting more difficult for it if your salary is  Your network's salary per year is only 12-14 per cent, that is 10%, so you have to eat into it as well, so how much can you add to grow it, find out the figure, so I will tell you guys a little calculation One Avinash, I will do it very well and show you, I had mentioned this in a webinar earlier but in future I will come to this and tell people that we will add judges well, so you guys comment in the comment section how you liked it. an advantage  And the second advantage is that when you start doing this, you will move to the level of freedom from the job. Many people are troubled in their jobs, that is the fact, there is fear, and every person is telling me to leave, but what should I do when you move to the level of network?  You will automatically be left behind when you will yearn for those magic figures. When you calculate the network, you will understand what needs to be done. Many businesses keep on calculating their figures as to how they are growing. Growth is the truth.  Wherever there is no growth, there is irritability. If you are stagnant at work, if you are not getting any promotion, then there is irritability. Even though there is salary, there is no growth. Wherever there is no growth of mind, there too irritability can be seen.  Some of the back is in your own hands, some of the controllable ones are in the hands of the snake, put those control labels in your hands, let's calculate your net worth and next time when we get interested then I am not interested in black networks but my audience is  Like I tell platinum members a lot that even if they had an ex, so what  Next month your 1.01 a needle or point note suite so we can discuss this and whatever resources we have in those sources how can we use them judiciously in our life so S2 hit the best way to 14% consistently are people same Injection increase 20-30 percent time quickly and then in that process it goes down completely, so I hope I was able to explain this thing to you a little bit, please write in the comment section, I have started this discussion, I will go into it in more detail later on different platforms  I will cover it for you guys. Thank you.