Hello friends, Indians need to discuss about this issue, the syllabus has changed in the last 30 to 40 years and what am I talking about in our middle class which is my core audience, at the time of parenting 20 30 40 years ago?  Or there used to be a focus on the time of living life, eat good food, milk and curd, eat good things, Mmm, used to concentrate on cooking good food, there was focus at home.  It is okay to make sweets sometime and the youth and children who used to be food oriented are very sad today and even today the grandparents or the parents of earlier times say that nowadays there is no food anymore, that is a dialogue.  It is hit and it seems as if the food is very bad now and was very great earlier and this is the only issue and if this is fixed then life will be better. Here I want to shift the focus from food to another issue which is  I believe the focus should be on Even today, we are getting as much food as we are getting today or we are getting better food as never before, we are getting better choice and food is not an issue and the body does not need that much food right now because all the computers and these mobiles.  We are sitting in front of the same, not doing as much physically demanding work as before, so the issue I want you all to discuss is the mental issue, mental health. When people call the movement mental, it is not like they call someone crazy.  Are you mental? Now are you mental? What am I? Mental in itself cannot be a crazy word, it cannot be a negative word but mental, it has been said as mental, so o mental o mental, people have heard this generally, so the moment mental, some thing.  When it happens, it seems like such a daunting task for people to discuss or involve themselves in it that these are issues and neither Deepika Padukone ji nor any other film actor or anyone ever talks about depression.  Or the way some elders talk about mental health issues, it seems that this is their problem, these are the rich and famous people, they have these issues, common people cannot have these issues, children cannot have these issues, whereas the fact is that this is mental health.  Issues have penetrated a lot in our normal middle class life. See, if there is a problem of zero to 10, the weight of a serious problem is at 10. You require a psychiatrist.  And absolutely extreme professional where you have to take help of medicine and all that if 10 is that state then zero state is that you are reaching Nirvana and Moksha and don't know where in the jungle and mountains and Yogi ji is sitting at the level which is  Yogi means Yogi, nowadays videos of Bade Yogi ji are made on political channels, Yogi, I am talking about the second Yogi, I am fine and if no one is sitting on zero, then mostly we are four.  We are operating on seven and four is I will say a normal state because so many issues will remain and we should know how to deal with them seven starts becoming problematic in 8 9 10 there will be a lot of symptoms and in 10 you know  If you need help then many people are dealing on a daily basis in 4 to 2 cents and we will give you one more thing in that.  Let me tell you that those who are dealing in Rs 427, it is not necessary that you are on four or seven per day, sometimes depending on the situation, you live on four, sometimes you come on 5-6 sen, those who live on more seven.  They stay at seven and then they have a chance to go to eight and go ahead, so many people are fluctuating in between, now having said this they need to be a template.  Where We Talk About Our Emotions More Openly What We Like and What We Don't Like Many people are sitting with surprise, I am talking about Indian parenting, Indian parents have a way, children do not speak like this, children do not think like this, what to say to children.  What else, do n't control your thinking just because you don't agree with their thinking, it distracts you, this is the control that has come into our society, don't think like this, don't think like this.  The political one has become what has become, this is good, this is bad and all that but this is what is not being allowed to be said, is not being allowed to be said inside homes, difference of opinion is considered to be a lack of respect that if the child does not agree with your  If the child is not listening then he does not respect you and listening to you is considered love and every man wants to love me, if every man listens to me then the problems that are being caused due to these things in the society, those things are resulting.  in Now depression is also a mental state if you remain sad and happy for continuously for 15 to 20 days then some people can call it as a depressive episode and if you stay continuously sad for two to four six months with no  Levels of Excitement Happiness and Joy and Some These Things in Between Nothing Aaya Hi Nahi Then Yours Chances of going to that seven at level are very high and we have to see people around this, any person who is called extreme end which starts with S, word S UI, to even reach that end, people have to go through the  From zero to 10 and 10, when the thing gets completely spoiled and reaches such a level on 15, 20, 25, then it reaches the state, then we catch it in this window.  It is something like how RBI controls inflation, whether it is upper band or lower band or we control cholesterol whether it is upper band or lower band, so in the same way we should pay attention to these things. You have to decide your own four-to-sens, it will be different for all people but generally it has been seen that the daughter-in-law does not want to live with the mother-in-law, then when the person who does not want that, they have to do it on a constant basis.  If there is, then he will always come with us, so we have to see the people around us, parents, siblings, children, spouse, how many people are there whose mind is going against the child, he does not feel like going for tuition.  If you are sending him a scolding or humiliating him, then he is having mental health issues. Those children of the children want to do something, do not want to do what they want to do, people are not, what is happening today, someone is telling someone to live openly.  If you are not giving then  Do it like this, live as per your wish, leave everything behind, it is very easy to tell you that it is very easy to be happy in life, write it down somewhere because everyone tells you the wrong thing, it is not easy to be happy in life, many people say that it is not easy, it is so simple, it is so simple that  One day you will know the difference between simple and easy, then you will come to know that the simple thing is to do what you want and grow in life. If you are only doing pawn addiction, if you get up late, then you are not growing, then you cannot be happy. If you are doing what you want and there is growth, suppose I am making videos on this channel and I am liking it and there is growth in it, someone is benefiting and I am also benefiting.  If you are getting satisfaction then yes it can be a purpose and it can be a reason for happiness in life. Every day you can make videos and run channels. Not if it is a Monday in thing and you don't enjoy it.  Nobody Can Do It Nobody Can If I feel that I have stopped creating value in the subscriber's life, comments from subscribers are also coming like this, stagnation is coming, growth is not coming, do I want to be very open and very controlling or not?  It's good like this, it's bad and then if people don't agree with me then I will become bitter or if I become too controlling then people will run away, this is the truth of life, this is what parents should do. Politicians should know this. Politicians who tighten their belts too much run away. Voters who tighten their belts too much run away. Children run away. Boss, then the bangle will become loose. The person who tightens the bangle should have the wisdom to know up to what level.  If you do more than what you have done, then brothers and sisters, then this bangle will become loose, so I hope, if you are being tightened so much that your bangle will become loose, then what happens to those who tighten it many times? Nothing happens, your mental balance gets shaken. If someone is mentally harassing you, you feel good. These mentally harassers can be anyone. You have to call them out. Do write in the comment section that who harasses you. Parents, teachers, children, children can also do it. It's okay, politicians think, influence, do. Spouse, this is what he gets from you, whoever you listen to, he will do the same to whomever he doesn't know.  If you can't do it then who are those people so that as a society we should call them out in the comment section and tell everyone this thing then I hope you guys liked the video, enjoyed it and do write in the comment section and subscribe to the channel.  I am going to bring one of my iconic relationship courses after Diwali in the near future, book your slot now, it will change your life and you will become a consultant.  There is a discount on that course, it will not be available later, book your slot now, there will be seven to 10 classes, two of two hours each, one in a week, it will start after Diwali, it will be iconic, it will be my first course, that kind of course is fine and you will get everything.  You will understand in a better way. You can become a consultant because to become a psychiatrist do you need a doctorate or are you giving medicines? Normal friend, you just need a little intelligence to talk like friends.  It is okay like friends, a friend is also a good friend to guide those who are struggling between four and seven, and if you want to be a good friend, if you want to improve the lives of people, then please write to me on WhatsApp.  You can do the app and definitely join it. Thank you very much.