That Hello friends, today's topic is Books, How to read books, How many clothes are there, When we go to school in childhood, we read books, but we do not get a chance to read the books which we speak, which make us feel, that you can read in the syllabus for competition.  We are preparing for his graduation, he goes to college, some work starts there also, he gets a job, now getting a job becomes like grinding, then we have to go around the matrix to see more of our life.  To work, we have to read the book which helps in the growth of our lashes, so yes, you have to read that since childhood and you always keep reading, but the people in question read too many books. If I want to read this book, then I will talk about the fictional book.  I am not mentioning them to her, it is time to pass, she comes in the black lips category, she likes too much learning, a little is too much, not too much, you have to remember that 50 in life is a lot, you have to study good ones.  Now give this to you to choose, give me one of four, I will have one in my heart, yes, our Bhagwat Geeta ji, people retire and grow old, okay, then after reading this, people also share their knowledge. There is such a book in Bhagwat Geeta that when the entire life has passed, then you took the knowledge Bhagwat.  Like the power of 'It's not just that when life itself passes your 70s, then other people take it. I want to tell you that most of the books are not read, they read a little bit to impress them, that yes I have.  Have also read Ekta and Resident Product, Does anyone know anything, I become greedy, speak the truth, it is not so easy, reading books, you have to make notes of good books and read slowly, I see, nowadays there is a channel running, that podcast and their  By putting it in the book, you are doing excise on him and he is reading the book, so while he is reading in the book, you tell him the quality of listening to the song, by which team he has to listen to the song, he is not getting a collar, similarly, the book will not be collared by him.  If you want to read the physical hard copy, will you ignore it? Otherwise, I fall on my friends, I will read it on Kindle also, I will not get that feeling, your Understanding Yogi book is good, it starts talking, what do many people do these days?  It's time to read it. Let's look at its contents. Vivek is from a YouTube video. There is a book inside it, it says this, you will never understand that book like that and what is it like. It was a movie of 2 hours, but someone made it in 5 minutes.  To you  It was shown and its pillars were shown and its story was narrated, then the movie will not be watched and whatever learning in it is a joke or whatever message is there, you will not get it clearly, so please do not treat the books like this on a superficial level.  But a book is a very big thing and it should be read in one go. A good book should be read once, read it in two days and finish it in two days. After that, take a break. Absorb it inside you so that I can have this in my life.  Is the information practical e.t.  The knowledge that you cannot implement in your life, that knowledge is only to impress people and even if people are not impressed, it is okay with that vehicle because if you do not want to make any difference in their life then you just say this. I have read that book. Okay, one on wall street lipitor means that's it, I read that intelligent investor, that's it, now I don't know the essence of the stock market. Whenever you read good books, you should have your diary.  Need and wrote the name of the book, you wrote the name of that, chapter one, one or two line take away from back chapter, what is your chapter and like that, you should have a three to four page summary on every book because we forget the books and then there is no mention.  If he does, then he would be a man. Yes, I had heard that in this book you have to do a reverse entry of 50. This is a lot. If you look at such books, how many books were there in your 10th, how many books were there in the fifth year, there are books with water in 12th.  The coffin of the digester in me will neither be 18 nor in the whole life you must have read only 50 books in which all the exams and your tests are there, so it is not that friends, after becoming that person on the book, you have graduated and got this green subject, there are 1212 books in it, so you are active.  501 book which many people read unnecessarily in the fight of life and according to me it is of no use, it is a biography, people say that it is from life.  We will be the motivation, this is the biggest time list, so many gyms and gyms will be written like this, people will write like this, lakhs will be broken and everything will be seen, everyone will make it their own and send that you are inches away from my life, you are a sparrow from his life, everyone's love story is different.  In any biography, I do not tell about any thing in totality, where did I live in his life, I am selective by telling about the good things, I paint some things in which there are bad things too, I tell about such bad things that there is no good in them too.  Only when they came out, it's okay, so it's absolutely time year, people say no, Alan is motivated to the mass, hey brother and cool, can't become, just to become mandatory minutes and system is required to be different, then comments on it contain those bacteria.  There are some other items, they need to flourish from the environment, it is okay to vote for doing anything, if it is not yours, then I am not going to take bath after holding its sugar. Motivate friends, stop learning motivation in life, human children are born. All the drownings are gone, you are listening, when I am also there, then this is the biggest motivation for you, above this, you should not need any motivation in life, then you should stop reading this biography, you must have read the opinion of no one, people.  That many people do Ashoka due to family system, you agree with this biography thing, so please do not read biographies in the comment section at this time. Hey, in the tenth class, she was like Mahadevi Verma and this Munshi Premchand June.  She used to come to the garden after studying fuel till 10. How many people set the number 10, how many did Reddy write, how many were done in 5 minutes. She used to come to 10. Out of every 10 of my matches, there were two more matches, there were two from last year, she did not read that.  There will be no repeat, only 8 minutes are left Bakkad Bambhe, he has stitched the world here, after studying which he became an officer, he has become very inspired, does he leave Hindi in 10th, then goes somewhere else in 11th? Yes, that was forced, there was no choice, 10 comes in top 10, in that case we go to biopic, now a little change has started happening in the world, why is there any trouble against A33's picture, interest in India World Cup has passed, do you know the story of it?  The team was not good, then they all left, they did not reach the level of victory, Pushpanjali, in your same time, a Pushpanjali, that did not work, talk about these Hindi heartlands, opposition too, Pushpa has something toe.  Refer to the audience, the new kids are very intelligent these days, I am so proud to say that our 18 year old kids, 18-25 years old, look and sound like that, which means it is difficult to get their attention or they don't talk.  They do n't believe it but 10 generations have a figured cotton, what works this time, now they don't know that they are children, there is no one to show them, I am also the second generation, our generation above them, why are they feeling this?  They themselves are confused and what they want to do is bad as soon as they say it to them. They know that the previous generation is doing it. When you remember the motivation that doing this is absolutely useless to the field, I am also the one and what is right is that they smoke the cigarette themselves.  Are you doing or are capable of doing wrong? That is a topic for a separate discussion. Okay, but this generation did not waste their time unnecessarily, did not waste too much time. It is okay for those who have children and some people who waste time.  Whenever I become  Let me tell him something, ₹ 2, you should do it like this, you should not take a spoonful of turmeric, because I have to turn off the light of the generation and come to a very great place, so for that, I will write to you by deleting the base rate, it is a mental model.  Model is also a very good series of mine, if you guys haven't seen this winter model serial then watch Kitna Apni Clothes, read the good ones and if a book does n't seem interesting to you in the first 10 pages then no matter what book someone has suggested to you.  Now don't worry about them, I don't want anyone to refit it for Rs 403 to Rs 500, so that the opposing books can be taken, it will not be of any benefit to me, I have seen a lot of people forcing things, they are not able to understand, but will still read because they will take it. Lee because the next one will ask or I will tell someone else that it is a very good book. Okay, the book which does not attract your attention in the first ten-fifteen-twenty pages and does not add any value to you, then it is not going to add further. It's like going to a movie, it is absolutely useless but you have not charged Rs. 300 for the ticket, so you are not only spending your life's money but you are also going on time, so we don't have to go on time, we have to buy those books and so on.  If you want to study, you take it in a practical way in life. The knowledge which does not make any difference in real life is garbage. Don't say hello and don't say anything. If there is something tasty in taking unlimited knowledge, then the biggest misconception is here in the mind.  There is no unlimited capacity, this is a fact, it can be increased, and some have this much capacity, some have this much, this is also a fact, so much can be done now, this is also a fact, but every person has a limitation.  And in that, if it is create your brain like and attacked at, that is, set up a room and do not put every kind of furniture inside it because you can put whatever furniture you want in the room.  You will not be able to use the furniture which is useful to you and if you put any useful furniture then you will have to take out the garbage and if the useful furniture is stuck and you are putting the clothes then you will have to take out the useful ones. So, what are you putting in? Ho what how to do that is very important the most important thing is to read porn books Harris now on this everybody read porn books and make notes and in the first second third chapter if you are not coming to the office because I also have the objective  Whenever I make every video, there should be 11 poems on each of my videos. You can write two or three lines that yes, do this, after that the video is not watched again in life again for 10-12 minutes. Then what was said in that video or not?  If you talked about work then write to me in the comment section. In which video did you talk about work? Hey, what difference does it make? I don't even remember, it was about work. It was told in that video. Make a note. Now I am in my  Doesn't make notes of the video himself because  I have made my own notes but I make videos. Okay, so keep this thing in mind. These notes will be useful for books only. Rich Dad Poor Dad is a good book, definitely read it and implement it in life. Thanks for things. Reading crops.  Making a note is a simple click, making notes on Wall Street, implementing it in your life and the most intelligent person live today is Charlie Mangal, please read about him, please read.  40 Elements Please Read His Commentary On So Many Things In This I Want To Beat Warren Buffett's Latest 11 Days, The Last 30-40 Years Were Created In A Year Only, If You Want To Read, Then You Will Have To Read Maximum 50 Pages, Four Pages On 50 Pages.  Make a note of, there will be a lot of progress in life and do n't go after it too much, at least like Samsung 50 if I tell you.  That if I cut you one and say in it, take a book once and you can give me 50 Holi, you are ok with this, then now when you take a book, you should remember that there should be 500 books in that list of 50. You can impress people, there is no game in practical life, end 50, I am here, end in all, you can start vs 1015, but read them good books again and again, call them again and again  Read and revise again and again, only then you will be able to apply their learning in your life. Strong learning cannot be admitted in life. There is no use in gaining knowledge of that thing. Thank you.