Hello friends, it can be a very tasty topic, Pati India needs to discuss this, not only know this but discuss this also and to bring such a topic, from the beginning, I ask you to like it, maybe after watching the video.  If you get angry, it is okay Vijay Jol for bringing such a topic in Sok Mushroom, boy's parents and girl's parents and real estate topic is very simple, today we will compare, I want to ask the society, boy.  Now people will do diplomatic work whether the boy's parents are on top or the girl 's parents, parents are mediums for someone, what is the difference, they are stubborn, we have to talk according to the state, there is no time, we don't have SIM right now. In the beginning, you all have to make a video call and tell me what is the same, I did not say this, do not stick up and down, do not give the explanation, are they not the same or are they the same? After posting the video, I have written the starring movie betting and comment in it, thank you very.  Let's go further that girls are very important in real estate decision making, which I am telling wherever the boy's parents are, I will explain it with a very good study and then you can also make a long video but  The society knows this. Watch it completely and post your entire video on the family group. Ask this India's number one real estate security. Justify yourself, you have written such a selling style, it is okay, I will know about it in its status.  Let's also start with our A and A study, my area is a part of Haryana, you know Rohtak is around Rohtak, from there a family came for concentration, a big party which is called good rich people, they have a lot of landed property.  If you understand now that the plot of flights means a big party, then the dilemma was, listen carefully, that it is a family, husband and wife, whether they have two children, a boy and a girl, or a boy and a girl and both.  The boy and the girl are married and they also have children. The boy has a daughter and the daughter-in- law, the queen, says that she is working, I have only one child. My body, my life is good. Don't switch the mode and give the best embryology. 1954  So the mixed voters are not saying to increase anyone's fast, but the one who was in custody is fine and the girl is fine, hair is normal, happily married, and one of the boys is a girl, so the girl's problem starts.  It happened from here that the one who is the senior lady of the husband and wife told the grandmother or grandmother that this property will go to half of me and I will leave it based on my daughter, all friends belong to which part of Haryana and this point and North.  India and you will have a lot of audience for this, you know what are the room regulation and Malik, we have got the right from the law here, we will not discuss it, like a grassroots leader, tell us what is happening.  I am studying interesting, it is interesting discussion, you will enjoy by applying it on yourself, why do not worry about fighting, enjoy, there is no need to take tension, subject tension is but tension, meaning should be a little behind, which I am also behind, okay, I will tell you comfortably, side means  It was launched that brother, my son will give away all the property, then he has a daughter and if the daughter has to go, then my daughter's jaggery, my little one, my almost 100, not much, I said in Haryanvi, I hope you.  Understand what till the lady wants to tell what was the day at what is this boy and girl system Begusarai give the property Ghosh to the boy ahead of this girl only and not the child coming Begusarai through clear one child policy ok experts and lucky ali ka  Result And Will Not Leave The Country Will Not Leave The Country But Not Listen To Avoid Subscribe Unki To Nibhav Gayi Gharon Mein  No, it is per capita, where only girls are ahead, parents do not create property accordingly, why do you say that our friends have taken the plate, we will kill them with our blood, due to which the enemy is just a defective electronic warfare AV mate.  Properties Don't forget it is a statement, many people say, children, we take you for you, no one does, if you are a child, listen carefully, your parents are making you tell and if you are a parent, then keep your hand on your heart. say whatever  You create property, you create it for your satisfaction and you create it for him, no matter what you have done in your life, you have worked for 40-50 years, you have worked, earned money, faced setbacks, you have made sacrifices, you have had a family, why one, you will have one especially for the  Man Heist Research Report Card The Family That All This Is Only Then Maybe The Generation Says Hello Don't Do Her Favor Will Leave You Will Leave Cannot Be Worshiped Never  Make our Chief to Siddle that you can no one take off the properties in any way. If you don't tell anyone then like on Facebook, if there is a provision for the cases, there should be some system in which you will know where you are going and everyone will come to know.  That after death the hands go and by selling the property there, the graph is formed and it can be taken away by anyone who will put it in this form, no such contact in Bitcoin Redemption Form. Now the parents said, son, we can take him, so we are leaving him, or half will be left, I will manage with this much, the rest, I am leaving you, so what to do then, this will give pain to many people, depending on the rights, mother.  -Father, which story is this? Ahead of cumin, my job here is to give clarity as per call message number one, it is 360 degree perspective now into real estate. Mother, never do any favor to your children if you are doing property.  You can reverse mortgage it, you can sell it, you can increase it by doing this, you can donate it, you can see it in a helicopter, but you don't have the strength to do it, then do it, speak it straight, you don't talk to us, she doesn't talk to you 13  Your daughter-in-law doesn't allow us. Now our mind doesn't allow us. Neither will I get this property. If you want to do it through your actions, then do it. If you ca n't do anything, do n't cry. I am telling all the elders that we have  so so much  Done and done and the old man who is 6570 years old and has cancer, when is the F-35 of 72, he doesn't know when he will go, maybe he will go to 98, it will be my topic of discussion that if he can lie down so much, then he has to rent the entire 4524 properties.  Have you ever seen an 80 year old man living on rent? He either wants a house or it is his child's house. Now the next topic is that is very important. Again, the boy-girl thing.  I was saying that it is more important for a boy's parents to discuss only a little about the girl and it is whose daughter it is and that when old age comes, the hands and legs move faster, a real thumping fun comes and the man becomes happy. Eating like this on the side is also fine till this line. At that time, whether the girl's parents or the boy's parents want to eat, the whole world is a story. Now I get to see the comments. 6 Monu, where can you eat alone like Ratan Tata?  That's Tata Power there  If you agree, you speak to me like this, okay then I will speak to all those people as normal, your view is poor, if you are my audience, it is not poor, I have defined it, if you are poor, then in poor, brother, even 12 people live in one room.  It is not a subject of discussion. 12 people, two sons, two daughters-in-law, four children, parents, dog and one person, some other man, relatives, others, what happened, it is okay, if they are also there, they have to be discussed, if there is no money, then it is okay.  But that time's lion Target on Sambi and till people who can update commercial, Vada is kept stuck somewhere in the period, there is soil and money, so for those people, I am telling that brother, you do not have to live with your children and I am telling the children. Make such a system for your parents that they do not have to live with you. Now the problem is that the new generation is earning that much to earn and whatever green judgment comes should hang on it, it cannot say that  If this is also not with you, then listen carefully to one more thing of mine, when a woman goes into middle age, then there is a change in hormones on the verge of stopping the menstrual cycle and at that time when the sun is there or the parents are around.  If there are too then let's know and she could not bear herself and that woman could not bear her husband that she knows that I do so much work and her own MP asked Bhairav ​​so where do her children live, her attention is on the children.  would have children  Married life has no meaning for him, nor is he ready to serve his parents, nor is he ready to serve his in-laws. This is the truth of like. There is a system in this, if you buy a house nearby, within 5 kms method.  Three kilometers, two kilometers or sensitive, maybe something can happen, maybe he wants to help something and Shahrukh son can do something, maybe advice why you should not be kept in the house, listen carefully if your father is on dialysis, some disease can help you because further ahead.  Old age has the quality of being a long drawn thing and you have a long drawn disease in yourself and people can walk on the ground from the age of 80, the real 18 year olds have the smell of medicines left in them which do you know how the system of the body would be if it gets messed up. So, what does a person have to do when he is living with the system that is hell for him? Now what is this ring? Tell me, if it is not Indian money, then in India there are stories of people leaving their parents at Vihar railway station. Not only this, this is the story of Shravan Kumar. Keep your parents close, keep them very close, install CCTV, hire a nurse, but you also need your sanity because there are only one number of children in your house, they too have a mind.  He needs privacy, he may be your normal guest, there may be a party, there may be 30,000 people, in the same house, on the same floor, there is a sick person, he is very sick and has been ill for a long time, he has some swelling, there is no need to visit him.  There happiness becomes zero and those who have not lived life do not have the right to live in 800 situations. These are the parents who are probably 70-80 years old. I never saw my parents at 70-80 because life expectancy in India was low.  And today people say that we too had a problem, that is, we had brought up children, children are also subject to change, we had brought up children, if we had brought up children, then what if the children did not listen to us?  It used to be that the ears could be twisted, the child is like this and having a child is very easy. It is the most difficult thing for the parents. While talking about this, I am not using diplomacy very much because I want to give it in a larger message, so if you like this site then  If you have 68k then your ears should open after listening to this video. First of all, which father brought up the child? Tell me, you used to get security from the office. If you want to hit something deep, the father has gone and got a job. Now you have to do that job.  You will not have to give birth to a child, what favor have you done to him, parents never do a favor to the child, impose this rule, no, we did it like this, we did it only if you got happiness in it, otherwise, if you do n't get happiness now, then we don't do it in our 70s.  They are also doing the same thing in astrology, don't they, because they get it? Do you give them laddus or are you giving them food? Are you giving them lots of desi ghee for their food and drink? Are you giving them some facilities gradually?  so you Take care and shroff subject, you have to do this through reverse mode, we, we, we, them, Piler, we will get it now, brother, it is not easy to get the old man, because he has tantrums, anyone can live with a straight man, the man's tongue is not very open, body  Like Saif, the parents of this previous generation, his parents of 70 years used to live like this, if he progressed in the new generation, then he would always be Chaudhary from the age of 25 to 30 years in his house, although father.  He was 5055 years old but he was very low in social status, that generation used to say, 'Man, this is our son, an educated person, today a 70 year old can do WhatsApp, knows how to do Paytm, mobile is back, everything is knowledge and money too. More expenses, being the next generation, can teach them something, can explain them, senior doctor can also give a shot, and then this feeling is given to us in the feeling that these are practical problems which are coming and go towards its solution.  Many people will say that she will stay for her mother now that you are gone, what should you do? First make all the arrangements, if you don't do it later, then keeping her together will also increase, there will be no proof by keeping her together and those people are sure that it will last even 7, 8, 9, 10 years.  And in that your life goes yes, now what do you do, wish the mask, have the parents gone up on their own, this is the problem, exactly I too, they have gone up to the parents, if the body  It's okay, it will work even if it is running but if I don't practice the Energy Spain Semesters Vastu Festival The Thing way 360 degree, you guys should make the video a little bigger and listen to it a little because this is a very problem in the eyes of the old people.  One meaning is your withdraw daughter in law, leave the doctor, eclipse, what do you say, another like, if it means in English, then it is fine, meaning score, listen to that, now that is not your money. As a parent, you have to listen to her, you have to do something or the other, you are very present, not a talk, now will anyone write this to you, whatever you are, she is like us for a son, yours is ghee and she has the money, the girl who She is a daughter-in-law, how does she get the courage to do this to her husband, listen carefully, this is a very interesting video, do not miss it because Pancham is about to come, okay, so my Baba, you should not do anything according to this, brother.  Ganapati ji Patisa, her husband Parmeshwar has told her to do nothing, now she has no sense of loss and let me tell you one more secret. Catch the girl's parents, those who have only girls and boys, fennel, catch the parents, okay couple randomly hundred or  Thousand, fifteen thousand and thousand, only the parents of the boys, hold on, the boys of group A will get sick more, the girls will get relatively fit, because who will know them, so they take a little care of themselves and hang around less. And if boys are a little stronger psychologically, they would have hung up sooner, so if the girl's coat is in a condition, it will be the 68th of the boy's, the one who sees it is the thief, and unfortunately, if you do not leave it looking at the face, if you do not leave it for anyone worthy of it, then tea.  Can't let it be done, make a big math that whatever she wants to see, she has to show it to her sister-in-law. Brother-in-law, brother, she doesn't do anything on this day. Whoever kills the cat, keep the one whose mercy is God's.  There is some system which is better than this, brother, these models are not available after 1950, I am just talking desi talk, those whose taste is different, write down the taste, those who are distracted and are distracted, please write the video, we are the ones who are different.  If you can't eat food during the day, then say you are distracted, this is not meant to distract you, I had said in the beginning that you will find it stressful, don't be stressed, look at yourself, you don't have money, it is a compulsion, if you are poor, then there is no problem, then there is no choice.  it's still the same  You will have to accept that you don't have money. Son, if you are living with your daughter-in-law, you will have to accept it. This daughter-in-law will also have to say hello to the queen, but she is ignorant, so there should be money along with ego. Both things are not there, there is heat in the house, what do they say?  It is good to live together, now many people will say that my house and my child should live in my house, tell the child, child, do like this, you take a rent next door, I am alone in this, Reddy, take care of me, how will he benefit? pay some rent  I will also do that if you keep the children like this tomorrow, if they have lived in that house for 15 years or 20 years, then they will start thinking of it as their own house, anyone starts thinking of it, even the tenants have to make changes, you know more, if 20 Even if you keep a tenant, then the tenant also starts understanding that it is his house. Okay, if you can understand a lot, then you will have to see this pain. I want to tell you that you should message everyone because this is a topper in the subject.  I am a teacher from India, there is no one in this space, I am trying to squeeze out everything I have, how did you like this video, you are understanding the things and what they say, I am the mother of a healthy boy, I am alone.  She is poor, she is left with a companion, so now the girl has started keeping you too, so the one whose mother is gone and father is left, he is also four, no, he is a little ad because that's why my question was, you tell me boy.  parents of a girl  Are the parents equal? ​​Does the society create equal? ​​No, that is a good collection. Brother, the property does not belong to the girl. If the property is given to the boy, then that property comes to the boy, then that responsibility. By default settings, it is his.  If it happens to be a girl, then brother, it's only a girl, so she will get the properties, don't give two days' absence between the boy and the girl, you have two sons, not just a daughter, so the property will go to him, but the one who has two daughters or one daughter.  also go to the property Then after that we will keep it with you for you with the same logic so that you will not get the property to search for her on Tuesday because 20% of the people have boy-girl combination, there are five combinations, one boy only one second, one girl only two.  If there are two boys or one girl then the girl who is alone is the only girl, this laddu is boy-girl, in these five combinations only 20 cents will be made, rest is all 80 percent matter. Neither will he get it nor is it good, still the girl will get all the money, two girls, he will also get all the property, so these are the cases to be included in these cases also, that boy is also getting money from the girl's family, so first thing, don't complicate it.  Do things like boys and girls, divide them and tell them to take care of themselves instead of saying they do reverse mortgage with the children and if the children show their face to you when they join a corporation then there is a reverse mortgage in banks also, this works in America.  Is  I would never want us in India to do this, become a little spirited, open your mind a little, get pregnant with your parents, stop hanging around, keep your self-respect and do exams at your own right time, live in your own separate house, do not live close to each other. You live in a small town and you are an expert that the children of the big city will leave and come to serve in the small town. Your fooling and strictness, you will have to go to the big set, opposition, you have a job.  No, you do n't have any work, you don't have anything, I like it, you should feel like going to the forest in Excel at that time because in the old knowledge, in India, people used to go to Vanaprastha Ashram, do n't send you to the forest, just a better house.  Being taken to a city where the medical facilities are good, this is your grind, there are kids here, if you are not ready to drown and leave your system where you are getting to live near children, then you too are a very  selfish person  A Sailfish is not meant to be served to humans, don't even write this, people, this video is a bit useless, social introduction, which IMO, I am doing this only after thinking very carefully, I even stopped drinking tea and started reading Cords.  If you want to tell me that you should smoke cigarettes sometimes and then give it up, then now it means that you have confirmed the caffeine that it has become like the video you are making after drinking tea, okay then it is not even tea but pistachios, I am okay, so think carefully and with great confidence.  I am telling you that this Bitterness, we have come out of one line, somehow old people, keep understanding, you take the gun from my shoulder and forward the video, friend, after saying this, looked at me with hatred, I did not understand, don't agree with this person, you send it yourself, father.  Ka Mata Ji's temple, will one tubelight be lit? How many tubelights will be lit, when a little space can be taken? Video: Is there any potential in it? Am I never saying that one should not take care? I am saying the solution. Don't buy people in close proximity to those kind of things, slap that, they will have to keep it, they will have to keep the money, decide some other system of your own, phone, real estate solution will be available in big cities, you will get all kinds of things, stay close, people stay away, take theirs on rent.  The house was there, put it on rent, give it on rent here, even if the job is not being dropped, you will have to eventually own it. Fix: Normally, even the tenants who are patients of Gerard Tech Care, do not give your property to anyone. This one is for Germany and this one which is speedy, should a house be given on rent to a dialysis patient or not? Munisa Patka and he is taking nobody's residence, which one should I keep in my house, which one is that one from Varanasi?  Vikram Movie, that program here, son, it is okay, no one goes to Varanasi, anyway, someone else will have to do it, so the solution for roasting the trees to the children is to be explained to them and this is a 25-minute program which I have. This video is a video, if you watch it completely and set it, then how did you feel about this one and this one, thank you.