Hello friends, breaking news, Haryana government's investment in building code, ground coverage has increased by 275 percent, what will be the effect of this, who will benefit, who should celebrate, who should take some action and who will keep watching, then what will happen?  I will tell you, I will cover all three categories, what difference does it make exactly, what has happened between the lines, then we will discuss all that and it will be very informative.  There will be such breaking news, giving pakodas with hot tea, I am doing like request today itself, so please like it only, the moral will increase, the more you use, the more you like, it will be fun, so in the beginning, I agreed that if 2000  If the vision gets 2000 likes, then the heart will be satisfied because the one who tells about absolutely beneficial things is the first thing of great benefit, so those with frozen plot, be happy, okay, the one with frozen plot is also coming. And those who were not coming were waiting for the defeat that an increased FIR would come because even the builder will wait if he can remove another one, that is also his benefit. Now you have to see that those who are selling plots up to 75 square meters. And the areas up to 150 meters and up to 2 square meters have been reduced by 75%. Above that, within the Play Store itself, the constipation has increased by 6%. Earlier a comment had come, I have covered it for you all earlier also.  did it also  I am telling you that in this test, permission was given to remove the servant quarter, lift and storage area and it was about 200 feet, that thing was firm earlier, what has happened today, but what is the meaning of 75 cents, brother, first six.  If it was, then what will be the benefit of shifting, has the affair escalated? No, people will confuse it with the FIR picture. Love is written in 1.65 letters, the rest is purchasable FAR. What has happened? Be very careful with that.  You will have to understand that you start with the bathrooms that used to open in your show, they can be opened at the back, I will tell you how, you must have seen many designs like the builders these days, Deen Dayal people are luring you that two bathrooms should be built at the back and there is a balcony in the middle, so the same thing should be scanned now.  There will be work on all the plots which are being constructed by builders, you have to understand what has been done in the rule, they have said that if I am telling about the one above the meter at 75, then it is up to the meter, which is behind the neck.  Two  Earlier it used to be three meters, but they have said that whatever hair has to be metered should be two meters, so you should understand it carefully. This is the wall at the back of any of your houses, this balcony used to be separate, so it used to go to a separate account.  Till now you used to calculate the wall, okay, now you are saying that we will also account for this balcony and we will have to leave two meters from this balcony, then the result will be like this if we make a bathroom in this one and a bathroom in this one.  A batter design has more coverage than a batter method And the place of shoot which had to be abandoned in the match, it is possible that I do n't need to leave it, then you can understand it like this, you can understand the area of ​​cut out, you can understand it like this, account was not taken, you can understand it like this  If you can understand then there is an implication in the rate of plots today when watching this video along with an increase of ten percent in the image in the next five to seven days as this video goes out people will get awareness and when the general public comes to know then it will increase.  For those people who had booked Deendayal floor anywhere, the immediate benefit is four percent, which according to me will increase by Rs 300 to 400 from May 1. I am telling the square feet rate according to Gurgaon. This one you do further calculations, there is a question of my  If I can extract more juice from the room then the land effort will also increase and if the cost of the eyeliner will increase then it will also increase from the equation, then there is an increase of four percent on the floor, there is an increase of seven to ten percent on the plot, then whoever has the plot Those builders who were building their own, be happy, they will get to make the batter design. Those who have been booked by Deendayal, be happy. Those who have taken Deendayal plots, be happy. Those who took it yesterday, today, tomorrow. Those who get it can withdraw something else, those with normal plots should be happy, those who have plots anywhere in Haryana, Jind is after Fateh, Bhiwadi is anywhere as per your wish, Mahendragarh-Narnaul, your rates have increased since the last time you were making it, then I had seen the increase.  It was told that Android was big, today it has happened that the news has been lost and it has been confirmed, so there will be more boom from it, now if you do second third fourth quarter with it, then it is not that it will be made only on it, Swift's rate will be there.  The desire will not remain the same, if the rate increases then the same trick will have to be increased, if the cost increases then the same will increase, but it takes a month, one and a half month, two months to get the effect, so that trailer which is a boost, a love story, that rise.  That's it, I am going to make a video on inflation soon. If you want then write it below because I will tell you about how real estate is and what is going to happen in the market. And that's it.  If you were rating this amendment, then get your map changed from the work and make it your own and increase the coverage area at 175 percent by 9 cents. So you use one thing and think that the envelope area of ​​the staircase should almost be your grease.  You got permission to cover it separately if you went or got late. If you want to complete it as per mental calculation then it will be approximately nine times the Staircase Loot. If the percentage becomes magic then 75th of 620 can also be achieved. You can catch the culture answer like this. Tell me how you liked the video. Share it with people. Thank you very much.