Hello friends, breaking news, Gurgaon real estate, learned a lesson of breaking news for everyone's benefit, CBI raid is going on, you can Google app, where it is going, till where its wires connect, you can see, there is more of the same.  The world was going a lot, I want to tell you this thing, please please set the builder's prediction, if you do n't know then brother, it is necessary to go there and check whether you are marrying your son's daughter.  Yes, yes, yes, who is that Khan? Your grandfather was here, he was here, where are you from, where do you work, the boy works here, where is the girl, how many brothers and sisters do you have, yes, this is your uncle, uncle.  It changes you, marriage is a very important thing, it is the company of births, so after marriage, if you invest in real estate, then real estate is also on the second number, so twenty-five percent of the hard work you put in in marriage, then here also soon  Listed Player Listed S Listed It hurts the mouth while speaking and many people ask that how can you not tell this because in this very thing you can understand that if the power system remains subscribed then there is a genius, for the wise a hint is enough and for the genius  So there was no need of hint, you people can understand as soon as you die, so I hope you people understood that it is right that this loot is ours, now there are clean builders for us, they have clean projects.  Someone will remove Gunjan's pants, there is no payment plan, nothing like that, it is a simple job, go where it is okay, you have to buy a show property, like someone does not do toilet, is it okay, then as much as you tear in a wedding, 25 percent is too much, it is okay, buy weddings.  Public liked that, that did n't seem right, that was not right, that was not right, this was not right, please do a little check in real estate, okay, there are very good projects in list play in Gurgaon, useless peeping predictions  Don't know, there is no need to fill and affordable housing, we will not keep talking about some points, there is no list of slim duty, but when a dad has a project worth two crores, I will look at it a little and carefully, it is okay and when every now and then-  If you don't tell me how it is then you can understand it through gestures, call me like this, if you don't get much response, then you have understood it because it happens that those who forward 1.5 thousand brochures and 2000 3000-4000 people are working and there is an uproar, so do a little gimmick there, brother, who is this? When I say that this player is listed on the stock market, then he can be verified, not this stock.  Who is the owner of the listed company? Who are the independent directors? Friends, who are the other directors? What is their shareholding? The government also has shareholding, it is also of the bank and also of LIC.  It is found that this is a domestic business of investors, it is of public and black listed company, it is not that there will be one percent Britney there, but there is a lot of family work going on in this marriage, even without saying it, the family clicks, so what if seeing the family, there is 1 in the marriages.  % SP No and there you know with less life, you got up and went anywhere like this, then after that when someone cries, the said electrode including not wearing of diet is always a lesson learned.  There is some goat or the other, what happens to the market sometimes, there are many exports, they are also fulfilled, there is nothing concrete, it is like an idea, I always say in investment, they are never used, they want cockroach, it is 110 crore kitchen.  If you find Congress designer then it is not a cockroach it is very much some issues there hand check you in a different way you find much more ok this city is induced in just  One Jhal Officer, you have to use it daily, there is no need to worry too much, the list is God, if the skin is clear in the market, then you can, maybe you can refuse it, but like a man goes to get an operation done.  If you go to the doctor who is doing the operation first, then you can do it normally, it is okay for anyone but subscribe, it can happen, it is okay as many times as you want to torch how the operation is done, then you can do it.  Jo doctor just put for knowledge about how it happens that there is a first like a pilot comes with someone for the first time. Okay, till now he is with someone for the first time. To subscribe you have to Play Services Property in small cities  Used to work as a source of money, give me some information about the politics of I am a retail investor, so I have to buy a retail house so that we do not get caught in cross traffic and we just have to take care of it, okay  so it is  Now I have to check which one is which, what is the calculation, what has to be done, you people have to do delegations and maybe you can watch the video a lot, so keep watching and do whatever you understand, does anyone have any doubt?  That I should ask you this along with this and I will tell you some other things, even now there are new people from outside, they do not know that the body builders of Gurgaon are builders before 2014-15, the government has made a list of them and blacklisted them only then.  If he has not given the money, then see that list once. If you watch it on TV, you will not ask about his project. He will give money to the government. Let your project work. You tell me, I have a line, it is stuck, nothing is happening, I am stuck here.  I am here and I have money to give to the government. If you give me money, I will invest that money in this project. The work of the agreement cannot be looted. Special attention has been kept on my account because where can you go with the government's money. Okay, so it is like this. Why should we get trapped? Tell me, the latest builder builders are so involved that builders with deposits should be given. You tell me how many were signed in. Select on land is not ready to be deleted cleanly. It is greed. Hey brother, if I have to give thousand crores of servants, 800 crores and 700 crores have to be given to the government.  And I don't have a land bank, so make a deal with some other corrupt builder and take the money and make it clean and tidy. Why should I make my own cartage, that small one?  It has been in my hands, it is not mine, it is not mine either, it is registered but there is no certificate or it was there earlier or has been revoked, many times no one shows the certificate, you do this below, it may be useful for its validity, please tell me. Subscribe and subscribe The thick cast had gone away and the quilling original had been stolen, had gone on a tour and had shown them the detergent and that is, where did some of the money go by doing something like this, though  Border also got all those Satyam Raju life objects, all those love stories of Gayle, but all these things happen in the system, it is a certificate, but if someone has said about this certificate, it is not a belt, then the one who shows it is gold. Now Sanjay is showing my point that he has picked up something, it is a print out, it is a digital image, that Bigg Boss will generate his image, you take this, then talk and consume it, a normal man, videos keep coming to you, something like The question will come, he is the builder of Noida, okay, do you know the builder of Noida, okay, he is the builder of Noida, he keeps coming, okay, should we take his videos, on one side people are coming, hi hi thief, so and so is a thief, on the other side, people are still asking this.  It's good, now its owner has burst, now your confirmation biscuit is looking flat cheap, then somewhere I will give it not only to the system, but to some other people, I will give it to people, is it yours, am I in your control too?  You read while boarding a train, you also go to a restaurant, think about it, what am I going to board it, where will I go, does Khan do Shetty's security or something? So here you mean, you know the builder, bank, Westpac, its benefits, proceedings, ongoing newspapers.  There is a video published in WhatsApp that its builder is yes he is a thief but he is not taking the name of the builder but he is a thief and a thief and so on so you have got the same brother to buy a flat and you are also trapped.  If you are done then you don't have a choice, you also go with the old people, you also make halwa, it's okay but you are using it daily, you are seeing that a company has a list of Rs 80 thousand crores, someone has a list of Rs 60 thousand crores and a list of Rs 10 thousand. Crore's interest of Rs. 5,000, listed sub's balance sheet address, all their promoters, directors, everyone knows everything, but Bhai Saheb will come there in the dirt, why because it looks cheap, cry cheap.  Cry expensive again and again, once the thing seems cheap, brother, preventive, oh brother, it is good, you will get the subject, if you get the mean system, you will not get the thing, but how will you do it, okay, then fly the detail code, wake up the customer, wake up, that is firm all the  Best without irrigation conduct is give you real estate education to people tell where to check water how to take notes, good ones also write something and they should have answers if there is 2 minutes flight.  Is it a big decision or is it looking like a big decision then this note is that the government has not informed, this is a mistake, the government is increasing the rates, what is happening like this, okay, so this is a heave-to, no one is guilty until the court. This is also a fast, so we can't defame anyone by taking name because when something happened to someone in Bigg Boss on someone's birthday, it is also a bad expectation, but what I am saying is that we have so much money  Why am I taking such a risk? I am not saying that there will be something wrong in it. If there is a possibility of something wrong in it, it is being prepared, then there is a negative role, there are links to it, negative environment does not fall, peacock base, normal locality, positive are present.  Nobody, nothing, quietly, the company is twenty-five, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, and eighty years old and one person is one and a half year old. It is a one and a half year old company in Gurgaon. It is a family promoters list, brother. If you have to take that 15 minutes, if you have to take one, two or three, then take it properly, otherwise next time, every time there is a boom in the market, many people come, when many come, it is difficult to check everyone.  It happens when there are less then this promotion is clear so three seems fine let's leave it but when the players go from forty fifty to sixty and projects are coming for weeks and real estate is on the rise and there is a momentum the heat of it  the pan is hot or it  There is oil in it, there is oil in it, religion and rites are added, it is made by crossing it and after doing this, eat it, then the time used to go to have and stay back and have to eat chakli, doing real estate education in statistics of business. From this side too, we two are the only one doing.  This real estate education, learn, learn, learn, learn, the biggest thing is that I too, after marriage, the job has been decided, your partner will be yours, the children are done, there is only one real estate in black.  The decision is to buy or sell or to buy in between, it is to buy or sell, whatever this decision is, the biggest rest is its annual package of Rs 5, 10, 20, 25 lakhs, but the page exit is of Rs 2.5 crores, so a little Delhi ISRO sister.  Didn't say to become 'ji', decision making and nine takes one, two, three, four days, it takes six months, these thinkers, my God, all the juice, this is such a thing when you don't have clarity, do one simple thing.  I will comment on the video from Anil Samrat on this site. You should know the name of the motor. Who is Amit ji, Rohit ji is Murthy, who is where he is, what he used to do till now, where he was, what he was doing in life, so far above the committee.  There is no track record of those who have it. So how do you like it? Those who don't have it, there are many dangerous players in the market. There are a lot of people who want to invest. They have little money.  -losing a lot And to get you to see Khatron Ke Khiladi, whoever writes Khatron Ke Khiladi and those who enjoyed this video, then the image of this issue is yes friend, don't call it obscene, you come and tell openly, just like you told in real time.  So I would love it so that I keep it on the holder that here it is coming, I also tell you these things, I talk about good things, I do normal things and bad things also, all the things that are happening as it is, so let's subscribe.  There is an audience, she used to be there exactly when it comes in the news, then the news people will just give an obscene license, not lie, sensationalize and leave it, okay, they will leave the news of 2 minutes, it is learning for us, learning for us, said what to do madam, okay, that is your  At the same time, give them something to deal with, then tell them the further and its bin, then tell the name of what came out, then what and we don't know, okay, so like this big things work out entries like be littlebeat alert  Road bhi don't be upset, wherever there is knowledge, there is information, there is clarity, there is no fear, it is okay to take decisions, it is important to live in this world, okay, please deposit, like and subscribe the channel, thank you.