Ajay Ko Yes Yes Ok Topic Is Builder Buyer Agreement Will Right To Des Objective Yes I Can Do It Is Not About What Should I Do What Do You Think We Have To Cover What Is So Add This Recording Recording Renuka Last All Most  Part of February then common man fear bar agreement Haryana and Gurgaon's example in order same thing can be applicable in West ok then builder bar  The agreement has become much better than what it used to be historically, so if for 100 paper then winner bar agreement six years ago boss confirmation note of Android today it's about 6 to find the year will always wanted to central government involvement but you understood 60 And maybe we will discuss this and how we came from 1015 to 6570, so that you can get full guarantee. Earlier Bhinder Agreement was printed on computer, it had nothing to do with it, I took out advance general paper, wrote anything and handed it over to you, it has no validity, today builder bar agreement is registered in tehsil, they renew your customer history, inquiry phase spot.  Properties too, if the property stand is 2230 then how much is the zinc property, one crore of which is less than Rs 50 lakh is being built, okay it would be worth Rs 2 crore.  It is twisted and Mota Nagar charges 10 to 15 to 20 thousand rupees, most of you must have done it long ago, its legal standing is that it is in agreement builder with USA, an independent entity and its leaders will be presented with the phase tomorrow, that of this builder buyer agreement.  If an individual can file a complaint for violation, the builder will have to pay Rs. 1000. What if his address was the builder's bar agreement before then, if anything went wrong.  If all this was done versus winter, then the cost of litigation would have to be borne by the builder very less and this people's ant can never become sour because even 50 people will think differently, okay, so this is a very powerful solution. Your expenses have increased and the government's revenue has increased. Because of this, you have to pay money. It is okay and within that, as per the Bhinder Bar Agreement, The Builder His Food Tester Carpet Area.  Earlier, what used to be super area carpet, this was always there but by voting too high, tax was imposed on super area is equal to carpet area plus built up area, as they say, with correction plus common area which was your sim activated thing, then earlier it used to be done.  Thanks to the builder, he would have told more about the fat and carpet area as it used to be but the fraud in it was that he used to build towers on it later on by stealing specifics. In normal life, there is fraud, what where I can always. A printer give something a gift phase pet super area and give there protest when only provide 30 I have justification that open minute in it which common area your share so this small satisfied chair bj pure pink poirot persu abstinence carpet but you're getting water  Will sent an item worth Rs 5,000 directly to work and gave a square feet goods worth Rs 2,000 and which is on 3 stories.  Hearing-sight also puts a tower in them, then it is cheated in the diet. People have understood and completely from and audience computer industry updates from that superhit is either a wrong thing and carpet area is this and this, keep the new launches in this matter.  By increasing the density of the carpet area, he goes to his office with respect to the super area, because the common area is divided into his applet, so he is sending it by taxing it annually, so what am I?  Let me tell you that the literacy of real estate is very poor, interest received, mutual fund, stock market, deposit insurance, low flame connections are being made, literacy of that has also increased in the country, which is new but this real estate is the same till 2017.  I am absolutely number one, he is the only one who is teaching, I am the one who is telling these things, if someone else is telling then you tell me, okay no?  I will not make videos on this, now I will give only her knowledge. Okay, all the things cannot be explained. Text type is okay and that's all. If you put it there, then its value also gets reduced. Okay, so the joint you have with me.  If you will do so then tell me the solution to this is that I have posted the video button, it takes time for people to link it, okay, I am linking it, so the first thing you need to know is that there is no cloth in the builder bar agreement.  No, what is it, first check the car parking cover, write the Kabaddi that we talked about, because many a times this big mistake is made open in it, secondly, check the carpet area, check your rate, it is okay, thirdly, people say that I am  The builder says that he will build it in 3 years and when Bhinder Bar has said in the agreement that all the beauty contest wedding songs are not true, the builder has said that he will build it in 3 years but if  NGT banned, correction was also put in it, some more scandals will be deleted, the project needs to be so worried that Satish has said, you tell me if I do not keep the payment plan, your correction is not Rs 3030 or every month which is slapped in Rs 15.  The one against me in the middle, now I have sent the flight, what is the use of loosening me up, you tell me what is my affidavit, did not withdraw, it was too late. Winner is volume one fast hai letter this deendayal upcoming deendayal dharmendra kushwah see meeting from pune junction that in britain in America tuesday it is related to pindak every time it is like cheating it is to keep thinking in the same way that is pop negativity winter is about second victory  If you have any problem with any provision in the Middle Bar Agreement, please put it in the draft before writing with a qualified sending person.  And so non human to Mandal Agra Canal which can normally be his lock which his lawyer is making green top then find a job for you if there is no one else but his lawyer then he will make it so it should be a similar product but you should see that you are that  According to him, the product is being produced legally in every way. Perera himself has created a lot of things in balance and will improve it if he doesn't have to make it on it, then he will vote for me only, so you have to in that.  Look Chief, are you people worried about the winter bar agreement? You can share it. It was written by the Admin Traffic and Highway Jam Sangh that you are afraid that I will make this written specification that the tiles of this bathroom are the bathroom.  Whatever it is, it will be like this, it will have the same information, plus or minus percentage is written in it, so read it later and do n't know what it is, if it is too much, do not buy it, you will not get your money back in any way.  Will you go to today's good day but after sitting in bad winter, you will have to do it in 2016, then model builder agreement has been made by the green people, do not forget to subscribe, I have come for revision value, will the builders have to worry about the quality of construction?  This is plus plus, something is coming by doing this, I will say in this that if I am one then it is just my stomach, there is no desire, okay, let's talk about amenities, no one here.  The builder does not promise any femininity in the builder's foot agreement. Just see what will happen inside it. It is not written here, but that is for you, Gonda. If you people are not very much then what will you not want to buy and in the bullish market and so on? Subscribe to this, many people become so many that this is what they are saying, now you people will do this simple thing by pouring water inside the swimming pool tomorrow, I think it will pour, now what will you do, they will say that Government refused, Sukul Mandal's lack of getting it, thank you, you, absolutely no one has done this till date, then you, okay, in how many days will the water in the swimming pool be changed, in the next tweet it should be written that there will be a part, it will not happen, tell how many people.  Will you like this? In what quantity will you put according to cleaning? Briton has come with 100 questions like this and gave in to the winners. I asked you how to answer these. Even we did not think that you are very good. Good.  And they are telling all this to the customers, don't give much information about it, people will come and ask questions, you too do n't know what is the builder bar agreement, how many clicks will he make, there is no bigger event than when we get married, decision in Nihora's life.  -Making that those who are born can't do anything, the father, who kills, who can't do anything, the brothers, who can't do anything, can think at the wife's time, then when marriage happens, if there is an agreement in it, then what will you write, tell me, leaf and trust will have to be done.  You wo n't have to read Chip element from date wise. Wife will cook food of this quality. If mood is bad, she will cook for old people in job. Will you also cook sometimes? How much brother, how much, I am telling you if I make even one YouTube video on this topic. But people will stop buying it, the whole country will go crazy because I know that the voice will sound like an Indian, it will not come, how much will there be 1 on the disciple side, what will be the temperature in this mic closed construction.  There is a difference, it means I have a thousand questions, I cannot answer even 100 of them, when I bought this, now I have written this, tell me about this also, it was said that they call me in this office and give me coffee and their top guy is  Who is Saki or Heera and then Sir, you do like this, okay, here you see a beautiful airport moving towards home automation, a lot of things like this happen, okay and they will not change what happens to their builder bed because if they start making changes then it will affect everyone. Together they will rotate separately, they will share some knowledge with you, some they will share their thoughts with others, they will make one together and hang on the same, you will not understand the rise in the market, they will not take the next one, you have a choice, I love you.  Have a choice, you have attested to him that I want all this, I have written all this, I have seen stars option, not agree, tweet, Android, so I think what, then nothing is being forced that you are buying a house from me. And if you were talking to me, then write down whose switch it will be, how many amperes it will be, which wires will be in it, show me the structural design, tell me the engineering design, then whatever he did, he would sell the goods, he would tell the customer up to one level, but his  You can't tell more than what you deserve, right now, he himself has n't decided that I have a car and put it in the car, which one to fill, I don't know whether he will like the face of commanding it or whether he will think of Hindutva as Hindutva, he doesn't know, he also has this one in it.  Put  Let me glue it and tell you, if you don't have any doubt then mostly the sample plant is a general ID, it is okay that you take its photo and that general idea of ​​the animals will be given to you, the rest will have to be lifted, then builder buyer agreement.  Is it good-good yes but I said to this research center, there is a limit for us to go, so hundred will go to you slowly, if you do a lot of it, then he will go slowly and more to that country, I will tell you something.  Right now this much can be told on the recording, there is a request of the record.