Loot Namaskar friends, today our topic is builder floor vs flight in multi story premium project, this is my front topic, there was a lot of demand on this topic, so I have decided to do a video on this topic, I will tell you the major differences of this patent, which will give a lot of clarity. And I will tell you one bonus difference which will be the clincher so stay tuned till the end of the video. Many people require this so let me start with this. Builder Floor 2009 to 2014 Victims  There were also multi-storey projects, they came to some kind of stagnation and they were nearing completion. Many people's money got stuck and many people lost their money. He voted for AAP in a pan in Delhi-NCR that due to this, people got so nervous that a new Segment or builder floor, it came like a fresh game, a very good product came in those times, it started coming in 2000 12 13 14, what was there in it, within 10 to 18 months.  They would prepare the house and the product would be in front of you and you could buy it. There was no tension as to when you would get it or not. You could see it and the biggest thing is that there was a lot of price differential so it was of builder floor size.  And in the time of 2011, there was a 50% difference in what was available in multi-storey, so it was also available in metal auto san cheaper and there was also Shiv Reddy in it. Those who live in Delhi, the capital, that is complete.  Is it a builder floor? Look at Mukherjee Nagar. Look at Greater Kailash. Do it. Rupa Punjabi Bagh. Whatever this is is Delhi, it is mostly a builder floor because once there used to be apartments, then I will be in Delhi. Rates will be expensive. If there is division in family class, then one brother.  The entire Delhi is a builder floor, Chittaranjan Park, whatever you have and have enough to accept avatar, the same things spread towards Gurgaon and in the rest of the cities too, in the films.  If you do people out then you can connect with it and I will tell you by taking 153, you were seeing Israelis in the builder floor, what do you want and you are very short, Femina continued in 2000 12 13 14 15 16, but we will talk about today like life.  It is like our car, it does not move by looking at the real review, you have to see the front, you have to see the real review part person, 95% of the time you have to look forward in sales, looking at the back.  The car does not run, which is also a saying by Warren Buffet, his English class only passed, in fact, on game day, librarians, historians have enough richest people, so in the past, if this is a question, then the storage librarians would have been the richest people, then you are on this  Let's start the difference today, the video is being made on 20th December, so let's talk about what is today, I have given you the background of what was there, now let's talk about today.  And I have used the word carefully in the topic, Light in a Multi Story Premium Project. In the society, the society said that CGSA society is an old society which was formed by some people, railway people came together and formed their own society, power grid people formed some police. People have made it, Defense people have made it, IS people have made it, meanwhile Sehwag has made a forward, people working for any of his own have come together and formed many societies which are selling flats of 10 to 15 to 20 to 25 lakhs. That update has happened, their company is doing it since 1968, builder floor is better than the society, I will compare and the absorption in the market has become yours, a decision has to be taken today, you are fine, I would like to tell you one slot in it. I get many questions, they ask, Sir, we have done this, tell me how is it, then I would like to say, yes, you have married your daughter to a boy, you have married this girl to a girl, now the character of your boy.  If you want to ask about the girl's character, don't know the meaning, then you take a decision, I am not someone's person, cold water never comes on a hot pan, what should I say, please park the tractor, marriage will happen, just like you have to live, no one, before getting married.  Wants to ask means he wants to ask before buying this policy, if he asks then I will tell him the positive hair tips. After buying, he is not interested in decision making. It is okay to ask, so first let's talk about the price. Regarding the price differential which could have been 50%, now that advantage of winter floor is decreasing. Builder floor is almost part of multi-storey apartments. Almost part of it is okay. So, the great advantage in front is that it will be very expensive in quantity. You will get this very cheap, the difference has reduced depending on the location etc. It increases but not so much. Secondly, almost this thing. Now there is no difference on price, the other goes on quality, the valleys are quality creatures, one is ok and one is good, builder fruits quality, I went after him, this one man may be very good, but no one in his soul can even ask him for buffalo.  It is not a matter of where 16 mm was supposed to be applied, if you apply it at 12 mm then it will be okay for the jewelery to fall, but if you did not put 16 mm, no one can find out whether they use caffeine or make-up, nor do they put it on once.  So you will be dazzled, everything will look good, now that door is in the builder floor, it is made of cardboard inside, it is from the NDA court, it is old, it is bald, it is good old, its normal cannot be seen by the eyes, everything looks good and many people are also good.  There is no reason for us to be builders, I am the builder lobby, there are very big people who build, I don't think anyone else does such work which kicks in the stomach of anyone, they are good too but there is no criteria like in Hallmark.  go  If jewelery is hallmarked then you have criteria in it, there is no standardization in it, good can be found, Brahmi can be found and that is the variation for the money, you will get the quality here can be goodbye and very bad builder floor chilli whereas which is premium.  Projects are coming, their one criterion is that I am one construction, they have three-four selected properties of Police Tuk Place which are good properties, sorry, you can tell them that this is from this level.  If it is above then there is clarity and it is not there, now comes the third point, the chip in the note is taken for votes, there is a chip in it for BJP, is a plot in a builder floor like this, one is his man, there is someone behind, there is nothing on the side. Because if we return to the side and there is another plot on the side, then what is there which does not have a cross in it, will remain the compromise, either the compromise of your kitchen is the same and this of the bathroom is left and it is hundred percent, then the tip is that Brahmins will have houses in the middle.  indulge in  No matter how well the design is done, there will always be a compromise somewhere. Mostly there is no balcony with the kitchen. In 90% of the builder floors, I do a lot of work. I do my studies, make notes and I also look at a graph. Most of the flats will not be provided with a kitchen at all, they do not mention the utility at all, mark it as having utensils, add dry ones, it has a lot of value and is not included in the flats, but the plates in most of the flats.  Starr is there, I am talking about him, his designing is very good, it filters the sunlight, it does not cast the shadow of any tower, it is okay, you have fitted the French point, it lasts for a long time, okay, so this thing is very important, the builder floor did not pass in the vote.  When you buy flats for free, you can't do anything, if you don't come around then this reference started coming, then again it comes from Tube Builders Road, Scissor Ground, First Second Third Fourth Test, First Second Third Fourth, To Koi Uni Hai 2012  Will go to the parking but there will be a party in that too. If you can't see 25 1020 kms then what can happen in it further ahead? This is someone's house, this is your welcome. This is his wife's match in the middle. There is a 9 meter road in which there is a two meter meter. This car Keep it for 2 minutes in the parking lot, keep in mind that in a road accident, it took four to five minutes to say that they have made the election meter on the map, but there is obscene road and lack of them, then in that you are looking at each other like this, keep coriander in its hair, after this keep the world.  And there is a balcony at the back, he is drying you the coriander well, you are drying the clothes, the one at the back is completely glued to the roll of the world, you guys are okay, so privacy issues have a husband's wife, we will study and the one at the back also listens to the one above.  Heard everyone is in pain in the builder floor, look at this point, this reaction is in my hands, Sangwan's points are my truth that if you like this thing, please like it because the more you like it, my friend.  That I will come to know that you are telling some real things and the topic is only real estate but the actual problems that come up because I am in my society Bhilai, stop this premium project, all the hard working people have laptop windows, husband and wife have a lot of utensils.  There is a feeling that someone is selling it to someone else because you have to patch it up within 22 hours, but if the mud gets washed away and goes to your health department, then you will have to pay the office, then there will be a lot of points.  It is ridiculous if he says that what he is telling on every person is fine but it is practical and if you like the practicality of my videos then this practical policy of my videos is my USP that you should like me on this and subscribe the channel.  If you are watching the video for the first time then please subscribe the channel and also watch my old videos. I will bring such effective quality in real estate that your decision-making will become like this in 24 months.  That my videos will be the syllabus which will have the content of 24 hours. By adding the small videos together, you will have so much clarity that you cannot do business with open heart. There are not many charities in the market. If it is okay then this shoe is the issue of Vivo.  And which may be there in multistorey apartment also, you may have taken inside facing, but you have the choice because you also see Views are very important analysis, we are in the mountains.  We go near the sea so that we can see far away. Whenever our eyes look away or see WhatsApp messages, there is great peace in life. There is a great peace in life, the whole of Mumbai is full of people and peace is not only in this place. Talking about it, the premium is higher in Mumbai. You go to Mumbai. The higher the slide in real estate, the higher the premium goes up in the league of pain, suffering and controversy. Because after coming down, the solution is to remove the hassles everywhere in big cities. This is death, its voice becomes less audible, brothers, there is no through window, no matter how high you go, flies don't come, mosquitoes don't come, these things are small, so they do n't come up, you can't recognize the applicants in the bus, so these things are one of them. Windows and doors are complete, call me, air ventilation is a different charm, see this, this is the advantage of multi-storey, now the maintenance involved in building a four storey building also includes the swelling of maintenance. Who is the coordinating agency among us, I have seen that they are involved in this, there are expenses for it, the people below are Zip Ground, First Year First 10 Steel Plant, they say that we will take care of the expenses, its expenses are fine, we will leave from Shirdi, now you  Will you not say, is it all like this, you are telling such a general history, it is toning the market and going in one direction, no, this does not happen everywhere but it happens in 15, 20, 25 percent, what is it that people  It is said that we don't give a [ __ ] about who will clean the stairs, who will clean the stairs, who will clean the birds, whose maid will do it, let me tell you, real brothers, real parents and that too, then there is a fight between them too, your maid will do mine, set that when it means father's. That property's name is written on it. Sharma ji is ok. Bansal ji's name is written on it. I am taking an example in Pension Scheme Paradise. If you call anyone, anyone's name is written on it. Family members live there and there is no coordination among them too. In case of blood relations, you can just experiment with someone unknown from here because in the society there are rules and regulations, you will pay one paisa for the maintenance and in that you will get everything. Now this builder is the one.  You will get some security on the floor itself, I am on a saver start, and it is important that we hire a security guard. There are four people at Rs. 12000 at night, we will take 3000, two will do it, only we will stay.  One of them must have been hired, she has kept four boys, the rent may be Rs.8000, her husband is clear, Mukesh's speculations, his friend has made him 18, he has fully furnished, that girl is very decent and  They are good children, I was feeling judgmental about them too, but you become uncomfortable, the motorcycle of those four is being parked, that is their parking, father will be in trouble, your motorcycle has voted, this is your car, this motorcycle is a tractor.  Okay, you people and you do it here, yours is mine, your skin is yours, there will be four children, they will wear coats, who will pour water, whose responsibility is it to pour water, there are two tenants, two landlords, this is a practical gesture, sir, this is a practical auspicious coming and This practical D'Souza is not matching with your premium societies have taken care of Puranas because people have bought old properties and do not have to buy them. I have three-four more videos on that.  I have explained the reason, I will put it in writing. If you look at my old material, I am comparing it with the new material that is coming. In the builder floor, the people of Delhi come till the time of Greater Kailash Part One course.  If you have a habit of living then take it after all, your Karol Bagh Punjabi Bagh has become very tight, you had a builder floor of 150 yards, here you can spend 300 rupees in Gurgaon, these people can live freely, I am like water on someone's hot pan. Every item should be sold, it is okay, every type of thing in India, I am giving clarity to the person, I am not saying this clarity in the shares right now, if you have to do this, do that, whatever you want to do, then it is okay. Defense shoes remain, after that I told a method today, there is no control, anyone can live up and down in Dish Society, first there are thousand flats, 500 plates, 300 flights, RWA should have been made a rule regulation that  People should not keep us like this, do not keep us like that or if someone is doing wrong, then all the people can come together and tell him the law that what is there in such a situation that there can be enmity between you and without your own people, then there is no one to make peace.  And who is there among those 4, then do you have any interest in playing here? Let me tell you, please, I wanted to ask you one thing. We are four relatives, we will make it, then it is okay. Yes, this one is not a problem. Four relatives will not do it among themselves. We will coordinate and do it. Okay.  yes yes close  What will you do with the daughter of a person, which is happening because all these PG accommodation, better living and all this is happening. If everyone in the builder floor area is wearing a ₹ 5000 country- made part, look at it, then it is your international  City job Naina will mute China but ₹ 500 came out from the people that who was the owner, the government that this government hardly gets the broom done, they are a little curious, the sector is not like that.  These are very bad but think about the factory, how clean and neat, those type of people want to give immediately, for that, 10 people will be busy with the flueches the whole day, they can comment there and if they have been busy with the whole flueche, then they will have to pay at least fifty thousand rupees.  When so many people live in a flat, they take ₹ 3000 and carry a lot of things in it, security is also done, the swimming pool is managed, they had the latest toe protection in which.  24 hours fine dining restaurants are also being provided to the people, eat as much as you want, you can use all the facilities 24 hours, you will get some time in the swimming pool, they will make you great, the rest is security, everything is there, so how good is this living.  I am in class 8 in tax matters, so I will be like a small minister that it is so difficult to meet me, you will come, you will enter as before, the barrier will open, it will be biometric, an alert system will come. Two guards will come, some robbers will say hello to the hair, if you come then when you pick up the video phone, there will be all the fuss, won't it? A 5 minute session gives relaxation, it feels good in your builder floor, anyone will come and stand at your door for a minute.  Any carpenter in the gym, ok sir, I had to go, I had to go to him, sorry, if anyone comes, then these are also very big things which people have to see, the security has also covered in the juice, the features which are captured inside the apartment. Aren't there some good and excellent builders who are building their own buildings in Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, that too in the future, they are very big, this Mr. Firoz Beach Affair has been going on in Delhi for so many years, so these people have built your local ones.  They were making their rights, their market has also been captured by these people and they operate low marks and the quality is good. 13 They have the idea but it is retail too. You have put green on the builder floor and it is showing on the first floor.  If you have given green to your friends too, you have copied the cream or the project, but there is no acidity, no one else will enter inside there, in the multi-storey, I have put all the pomp and show, that is my 18 Commando can go out between the floors, there I have kept the door open, I have kept my balcony open, so that arrangement can be made, here I will make a punishment, then mosquitoes are coming, then I am fitting that second mesh in it. Some people spend only 20 minutes once, but once you don't have such marks, but if you wait more than 15-20 minutes or even an hour, then see the practicality. Instead of practical training, builder floors match the beauty of premium projects.  Because that also has to match that nowadays people used to submit movement, that beauty is matched by builders and people, then that factory quality goes away from their house, this is a big point, audience in MS Word.  If you are intelligent then you will understand what I am saying. If the daughter goes away in a practical way and if we put it in a practical way then the beauty also goes away because if she is there then it is a normal house which means it is a three-four storeyed house. Monty Milli is fine so it has become very big. The amenities are good.  So, there is nothing among the builders, Bihar Minute, from this day onwards, people feel like not eating food, kilometers and do it at night, you will be in the night, you will come out from here on the road, no one walks like this these days, children.  The car drives so fast that I am going to go by any Jazeera, you need to go by car even with a motorcycle, the program is done along with the motorcycle, okay, that means that from within, you don't feel like going out, whereas you are not able to come in the society.  It is a premium project and it is a big thing for you to be comfortable with your wife. Well, if you say so, then it is nothing, but if you agree, then after having dinner, I have to go for a walk, so I am sitting comfortably in my slippers.  am without anyone  Don't know about the issue, who will come, security, who is the one who will take my channel, what will he take, this is a big issue, then it will be a very good thing, secondly, let's talk about the price operation, such situation arises, withdrawal is bound to happen to Meera. Not even after all because what are the consequences of very old plots, the elders live there, they have only one floor built, in 5 10 15 years, when they will be demolished and these children will grind them, then builder floors will be built and then we will enter.  I will give you the example of Gurgaon, you can give your sample, you are just going to fill the A+ form, it will be 5 to 10 cents, happy because the complete policy document has just arrived, on what date can you make the date, you can park the car in it and you can make four floors first.  If it was not there, then here are the houses built like this, many of them have ground floor but one and the other floor, barely two and half, a useless temple, then all this will be broken, this period of time will keep coming till now in Delhi. Even in Delhi, all the houses have not been completed. If Char Manju Stretch of Masjid is not built yet, then the supply of this one will always keep coming and it will always remain troubled because the builders who will go to Kumar James will keep reducing the quality.  Will continue to work in the same and will keep it at the same price point because they cannot even do these premium projects, it cannot be that the builder has to give speciality, nothing and if this cream will go beyond the apartment flat then this application  you don't give  It may get late Time from 2011 Will return in just 17 minutes Options ₹ 50 I have to do all this Payment options That time has gone and then it has come Things will be completed comment 24 Societies and projects from the market players of the well-known builders who send the list  Then people will have complete clarity that brother, this is an adventure to be taken, this market will fall, today it is marketable, builders are selling in abundance, many people had earned profit.  Profit margins are decreasing so builder floor. If you are investing and not the last four people you met, you have made plotly and your own then it is good for business. 45 years is good. Do you have any plot? Test it and open it with someone. Problem is Love Bhilai If you want to pressure cook then you can also connect with me, I will tell you, so to earn money, it is very good that you catch four Gunja people in this business and tell them that you buy it, it is okay, then money will be saved.  It has a good amount of essence, it is okay, so do that business, the people selling it, whom I have found, are also talking very good things, but you have to buy, so if you have not bought this product yet, then I cannot say anything.  If you want to check then these are the big builders who have also made societies with them, I will not take the name, that is, the big builders are not small winterers, 45 houses have been built, that is, the societies were made by the old players, okay, they also made some  builder maintains floors Now sell it and show it. I had bought the number for 90 lakhs five seven eight years ago. Even the area will not be sold to the already SEBI. There are many places in Gurgaon, now they have sold it and show it. If someone has given this kind of money, then it is worth it.  Tell all the people who sell their property to find out the rate, do not sell it, make a note of it, you will come to know if it is in the market, then these are very big things, will it not be the price of creation, will it be the price of  Friction is becoming a straw for these people, I will have a lot of them also on this indefinite whether its vegetable will be okay because this juice can be found at such a location, they know that yes the supply becomes very complex but it is not going to happen here.  The dream will always keep coming, okay, it will still happen and with the brand it will be more, now the value of the brand has started coming in the market, so the brand is definitely shots in comment, okay, now let us see more about this thing Smart Money 10th  Telling in difference Smart Money Times of Recession 9 points Smart money is not this Builder Flat City People In your every person's family There are one or two acquaintances in the friend circle It is okay, talk to them a lot, what to do Builder  There is fruit, buy something else, Delhi is diverting smart money here, I consider Delhi smart, Delhi, give me this tomato, Greater Noida in Gurgaon, People of Delhi are smart because they are smart, matters were not being classed.  Rest of the people are working class, this is Delhi people are smart, check what Delhi people are doing, my Delhi people are living in Greater Kailash in Delhi, are living in Mukherjee Nagar, who also live in II and Dwarka, what is that? Check with your relatives, call, chat, viewers pattern, those people are coming out winner fluorescent because they have released the next generation is relaxed, what do you call me, I want quality of life in my stomach.  What do you call digestive issues? Do I have a lot of knowledge in operation management? Do I have to do an excise? I have to do some swimming. Even if I don't have to do 8 swims in the morning, I have to do it twice a month. I want to see the cement that I can go into it.  I want that office, I want a gym nearby, I want facilities, and how these ladies are coming now, till now there was a man to show a lot, now with good maintenance, her husband will come to her with a cup.  Well, that old CG suicide site inside it was at a very superficial level, so people did not care, the builder floor people used to say that I will go to serve the expensive Devi Lal, what do I say, I will drive to the big Pak army 245 kilometers away.  It will work for me, that culture is changing now, so by making it very big and you, after all, who is Tiger, the video has become very big, those people who have played so much patience till now, they will get this very big point which I have mentioned in the beginning of the video.  I told you that it is in the builder floor, as much as you are told that it is yours, it must be of Rajdhani, but you are getting plain money from it and this is a big problem, and I will not tell you openly, if you call me, I will tell you that this is a big problem of yours.  In premium apartment he says that if he buys 1440 kit, he will not get anything except 80 feet carpet area and you can easily buy and sell it, there are no issues in builder floor, there is a difference between the things which are on paper and in actual and he  When you have to move ahead  There will be juice to sell, they will come, I cannot tell it very openly, but if it is an issue, then if you have any doubt about it, you can connect me, I am a real estate teacher and guru, but if you want to use the word guru, then it is okay, I want to give clarity to every person. I want to teach those things about real estate in India to those who sell real estate. In the next video, I will tell you how you should sell things in a transparent manner, the right product and all the people who are selling things. Dissociate yourself from the wrong product because you will not be able to become a long race horse. It is repeatedly said in the market that don't sell a comb to a bald person. You have troubled a bald person and once you have sent him, he will test you and pet you for life. Your karma will get spoiled in this. You don't want batting, someone has sold a comb to a bald person, whatever his request is, he gets the same thing at Reedy Railway Station in the middle of India, that too is a market, it is available in the rally outside.  It is available ready even in clean area. It is in Dubai, it is also two star in India, then you have to put straight line, there is every kind of goods, there is every kind of customer, but it is a sin to fool one kind of people by selling such kind of goods.  Tell me, this whole thing is from the railway station, this is for ₹ 10, eat that Jhala, that next leaf, let me decide that this is in my budget, according to me, every kind of goods is sold in India and it seems to be of every kind, so I said this.  like builder  Floor and by doing this, it does not mean that I will shake the market in such a famous support. I have given clarity that the builder has his own strength in the floor also. It depends on you from where you reach, so it is for you to look at it holistically, you should not look at it as a blank fit.  It has been said many times that in many situations the situation can change, location is also a big thing, connectivity is a big thing in business, many things cannot be covered in one, already the video has become quite big but which this  You will be able to see it from the video because there is also a class for our children which is of 40 minutes duration, so how much clarity will these videos give in the future, I will make more as soon as possible. Tell me in the comment section if you need any more clarity, that mixed paste will be made in the next video.  If it's ok then comment, share or subscribe the channel. Thank you very much.