Hello friends, today I have brought my superhit topic, part two, part one of it has become a big hit, as per my channel, it has got a lot of uses, it has got a lot of SI, it is the maximum of Delhi people, the topic is multistorey premium apartment vs builder.  Floor has brought its map part-2. Whoever is watching this video for the first time is seeing such a forward on my channel, has not subscribed to my channel yet or is someone subscribed? He has received the bell notification.  If you have not pressed it yet then my request is that you press it now that I am waiting. The topic is Multistorey Premium Apartment vs Builder Floor Part 2 Part One. Those who have not seen it yet should watch my Part One first otherwise this  There will be a point of conduct and I will share its link at two-three places in the video. Now the card above it will appear. If you have not seen it, press it. Now let's start the video. The clarification I am giving in it.  I would like to say that the multistorey premium apartments that I had mentioned and compared the builder floors with, this is the part which is currently closed and is not being built by Madhavan Construction. People of Delhi often ask what happens, so I have also discussed about this.  I have made a video and I will also share its link. You have to tell me in just 15 minutes that just as the linter of the roof is molded by you, similarly the wall is also suspended and is made of concrete.  Aluminum shuttering is Mawa 1. It is a Malaysian form. If you want to know it by that name, then I have made a video of that. If you see it, there is a comparison of the builder floor with those apartments. Many people have liked my video of that one in the builder floor.  I had said that if you did not know what are the advantages of a builder floor and what are the disadvantages of multi-storey, then I will discuss about them also and this time I will discuss this matter in full and final form by telling what my cancer is. In this effort, I will have to tell you some things which I tell only in tree consultancy because if you give all this knowledge for free, then you will get to know the things on this topic which I would have explained for money.  That's what I am going to tell here for free today, so you watch this video in the spirit that Bigg Boss has asked me to talk about this topic, so I will tell you two things which I do not tell normally, which I have not told in the earlier video.  told  So this is the question, which one should we start with first? Now look at the builder floor. There are two or three types of builder floors. I am telling you in the content of Gurgaon but it is applicable for Alwar city also. So it is not like that, which one only you have to buy in this city.  The template is what is it like in your city? You can see this tablet. There is one builder floor which is old and nice. It is a HUDA sector. People are building there from DLF Colony. A private party is building one.  If a private party buys such a builder floor then you should not buy it at all because wherever it is being built there is a lack of security in DLF Face One Face to Face for free as if those elders are going to Already 19.  And they are saying that we need security because there are rich parties, those who live there are very expensive but there are cons of security, there are police TV limitations, CCTV cameras are installed. You have to understand CCTV cameras, not everyone has security, CCTV cameras can never replace physical security, otherwise we should install CCTV cameras on so many borders, we are fine, Kasab's photos were circulating at the railway station, so CCTV did not stop how many in Delhi.  How many vehicles are recorded on CCTV? You cannot stop the crime from happening. Reena can definitely help in catching the criminal, but your program which was supposed to happen has already happened and that. Another great romantic experience, these days it is all there, people are roaming around wearing masks, so you can never underestimate the physical security, I have installed this, if I have installed a CCTV camera in front of my house, then the card will be replaced.  If it is not possible then this is one division, what is the other, in 45 46 sectors, in these sub sectors, many people joined me in 2013 who have gone left right because  Had taken hiss off and ground floor, had taken 20 minutes for 1.9 2.1 cr in 2013, the accused is no more, you see this, their rates are not increasing and not going to increase, I had covered this a little in the previous video also, now open up a bit and tell me. I have bought them sometimes for investment, never buy them by mistake, their prices are so high because first March or then the margins got reduced, then the margins got further reduced and then more professional builders started coming their way. Only if you see that the rates are low and there is still a lot of money left to run at the same rates for many years, their editions are not coming, those who have bought them, remove them in the middle and you will automatically come to know that many people are buying their builder floors in Delhi.  They sell and buy because of passing the parcel. The game of getting it here and catching it here, then I did not get the value of getting the value. It is those people who are taking more, those people who have loans, that is absolutely true.  Don't be afraid of the builders, you point out these guys. You have to see this in the phone calls. I will explain with a practical example. The uncle on the second floor had a heart ache. At 11:00 in the night, aunty ji ran away with the child and took the car behind to the hospital.  Seconds were engaged, the boys on the floor above them were fine and they were sleeping with their wires and their doors, take your back and the vines of the forest are the market and all that is getting deleted, it is coming to stop, practical.  I am telling you an example, try to do it in very winters so that your door gets separated Raghu, it is not possible in practice, especially the 263 yards friend who has done it, the one with 500 yards is a very big front because I can tell you something, people are debating. I had told in one of them that who will run the water motor? We have made separate motors of our own, there are many things which are broken, I agree, it is okay, there are small things which are broken.  Who will clean the cigarette in life? If the cigarette words come down to the upper one, then who will pay for it? The article that is the maintenance of the play list and if you hire a security guard, then the first international of the builder floor overshoots. Your people in free mode, try writing a lot.  People have a complaint that people have a lot of maintenance in the same premium apartment. I would like to give you a different perspective from my pet consultancy. Okay, you tell me, you do not want to live in a place where 5 6 7 8 thousand  By paying Rs. per month, you live in a very controlled environment where you meet people who want to give you money and grow with them. This is the era of Give Me. You have a chance of meeting a prospective son-in-law and daughter-in-law in that multi-storey nice apartment. Nothing is going to happen on your floor, you will be two, three or four people, there will be no networking among each other. When you live in an apartment worth Rs. 400, 500, 600, 800, then your  You get 2030 like-minded people with whom you can protest, they could be from your committee, they could be from the caste, they could be from the region, they could be from the organization you used to work in, they could be the parents of your children's friends.  Anything can be set up, he can be a very good professional, a chartered accountant, a lawyer, a doctor, you will live in a good society, there is no chance that yes, tell us about 1520 best doctors so that someone can fall in your heart.  When pain arises, doctor is 5 minutes away to give him injection inside Golden R. This is not going to happen in your builder floor. You can sell any of your products for Rs. 805. If you have life insurance then you can send life insurance. Medical insurance.  You can send further Give Me only you have to come, if nothing else, in winter, many women have taught people by making food their skills and their items, when I do pet consultancy for women, how to give them their own.  If you can monetize your skills, then I have nothing to give to the builder floor vendors, which is a great market. Yes, your society, you brought suits from me, brought sarees from Kundutur, now look, I am telling you the things which I used to tell a lot in private. But I want to settle this thing one and all. It is about March 13, 14, 15, 18. It is not about what happened on March 13, 14, 15, 18. I have already made it very clear that  Let him say something, this is what happened to me, I did not get an appointment, my builder, today we are talking about those who want to do decision-making, we are not talking about those who have already done it, what is in the process of doing it today. Watch this video, I am giving them clarity that please do not watch Builder Floor because you have 30, 40, 50 years left to apply, it is the life of children, you have to play the game with a quality living, those are the rich people, you have to watch the movie.  yours which  While living in New York, I am not talking about Florida, there are beach houses and all that, the program is fine, but the rich people in New York live in very nice apartments. If you look anywhere else, you will also see it in Gurgaon.  The celebrities who are our cricket stars, film stars and those who have such ghosts etc., are living in a controlled environment in the builder floor, eggs will be saved in the gym, I have come from an NGO to cut the slip from nowhere. Whatever it is, this is your party to check whether this bell is answered, what is the reaction because all those shares are installed, you want to give the look of multi-storey apartments on builder floors, so you do not install grills, you do not keep guards.  Anyone will go through the mirror at any time and before that there is a market, there is a break of 15 days, see this, it is problematic, if there is a theft in your multi-storey apartment, then you have many people to read someone's head, from RWA President to Secretary.  From the security person, but from all over the world, CCTV will be programmed in your builder floor to put all the fuss in someone's life, so you don't know whom to go to, so this was a small point, this was this point.  Secondly, you should see that as if a seller of goods has come, a ready seller has come, a seller of Shani Maharaj has come to give donations, it means a very big news sense, that means someone is coming as a hair oil courier, hey, sorry.  The wrong number was not yours, the plumber came, I had to go upstairs, I had to go downstairs, anyone can come to you and if you live in Uthi, you go up and down brother, there is wine, your controller is at the main gate, so you can do that while coming and going. Type brother, listen, you are lying down, where have I kept the key, close the door, okay, you will go early in the morning, I have a flight, so it is better to keep it there, when you live in a builder floor, it is an open village because there is a night shift or day.  shift is there another girl is there a boy to  The tenant is happy and the landlord is happy, the program will remain open, it is just your personal gate in which you have closed everything, anyone can reach that gate at any time, the CCTV camera will capture its photo. Who is coming but can't stop him then it is for you to see. Now I will tell you one more thing when all you women who are our couples in 2015, general, you check all the men and that too only from four to five.  at six years old Husbands and women are older, this is a unknown fact. 5 6 7 8 years live longer than the leaves. If we go by age, the average period is 12 to 14 years. See, there can be up and down in this too. I am talking about the huge belly.  I and your men will live for 13, 14 and 15 years. You were six years older than me and if I live, I will spend this time alone in a builder floor. Do you want me in my old age? Mother, your wife should move away from the area where she was staying because we have security questions about how she will stay alone because the children will immediately go to the country, will they work somewhere else, what programs will they do? Don't you know that many people say this to me in the builder floor -  Bars get stuck on maintenance What are you getting from maintenance They are not checking Vikas Price war Diet on tube This is not you know values ​​That you get between you don't know And two don't want to know Clear  It is a clean and sustainable work, you are giving something worth 6, 7, 8 thousand rupees, that is why you are worried because you think that my shop will be closed in 5560, I will earn money, I will be rich, how will I give this on my builder floor.  It becomes like this, hey, when you live in a Kishori apartment, you will earn money even in the 6th, you will earn money even in the seventies because he will tell you in the list at a bright moment, brother.  Something needs to be done, let me tell you what needs to be done. If nothing else, women will teach them how to tie a saree. You can earn a lot of money from that. Your maintenance will be removed from the list. It is your wife who is not as beautiful as she is in 2015.  Your wife in Ribbon Early 16th has so many skills, this is my hundred percent guarantee, she takes consultation of voters and ladies easily earns twenty-five thirty-five thousand rupees from the society.  You can earn by living in a house, taught me how to make cakes, taught me how to eat and drink, now I have prepared two or three shy intermediates, prepared them well, given the function to the person on the top floor, his family will get the booking within themselves and how to keep small skills here at home.  There are small tricks like how to cut lemon, how to do utensils and there are 250 things which we Sheela know which the next generation does not know in 2016, they can be monetized. I also make a syllabus for them that this is the problem, it is a seven day course, it is ₹ 4000 and these girls will learn to save their house well when they get married, the saree does not come after so many plates, they make it like this and she does not come.  No, the earlier generation doesn't know how to make it, no, and the ladies who are ahead in the cottages these days, I know devotees, they also don't know, this is also a hang out, so I will say that this thing and multistory.  How to link and builder floor, I just bring these things as practice, now you are liking these things, so please like the channel, subscribe and it is coming to your 1617 sector-92 six and all these places.  The public is building a drain. Don't be like that because he is a builder with 500,600,800 flights. He will build his floors in 2025. To bring some sparkle to it,  There is no exclusivity, it will just seem to you 1.1 1.2 CR Okay, something is available, I will take it, if you want to go to 99acres and do research, then you think it is okay, they will roam around drinking at the same rate, there is no benefit in beating them, their fare is 969  If you do not appreciate them then when there are thorns on all three of the three things, then what are you taking them for because this product is what I am telling people in the market. Valuations of these things will start appearing in the next two years only, it is practical because wherever you people keep raising this dust, some or the other plot is being hatched, even today the sectors of HUDA have become 30-35 years old, correction is going on there also. Once you get this in multistorey, the program will not work in 5 years, then the builder will give you his luxury anywhere and all the plots will remain vacant in many of his 102 sectors.  I am also there in 996, I am also doing products, I am found in the middle, he is making and he is programming his surroundings, but you have no benefit in knowing that, his neighbor will always be making something, there your garbage will be lying in front of him and  That which is similar to this possible or what is called construction waste will always be lying there, there will always be some labor leave there, because this house is being built, you all know it takes 2 years to build a house, so that is just that.  stopped  Sometimes it is the one who is lying next to you, sometimes it is the one behind you, or you will be shocked for 15-20 years of your life, why do you want to go to such a place, stay in your clean and neat place, this whole setup has become a mess, so I am here for this.  But I have finally been able to settle this thing that there is no need for surgery, no security, no aspirational living. At some stage, Seth will tell you, brother, take it with your hand in the swimming pool tomorrow because so.  Option A Life, from your living authority to his authority, then where will you go, builder can again do an excise, swimming is the only thing, there should be something complete where you can stand and touch your feet with your hands, how will you monetize this thing for that? Yes, it's okay, for this you will have to pay seven, eight, ten, 12,000 rupees. Whatever you are paying is not a loss, you are getting some more. MC can also indulge in the builder floor. You have to pay ₹ 3,000 per month. And its operating cost also comes to five to six thousand rupees and if you hire a security guard, then you will cross the budget of normal multistorey apartment. I have been able to settle at a glance from this site. I have nothing much more to offer but and If anyone still wants to take Eminent, then there is a product in Gurgaon which eliminates all the negative thoughts and has all the positives. It is available only in Gurgaon.  There is only one product, why not two, one can join for the one who wants to go, you have all the comforts in it and you will not go higher because many people are sure about the height in multi story, I agree, so if there is someone like that, then you can add.  You can get information about that product from him. Thank you.