The Minister that I will not explain the internal question of property on range vs bank, this disease confuses many people when they do calculations in this, mostly the calculations are always in favor of printing, not always in licenses, videos are fine and  And you can tell him these two reasons for the bike and leave it at that, he always fools you till date he has given clarity to Nidhi I want to tell for the first time only good bye  Not against but we discover dominating fennel whenever you say sense of friend then this and attractive people to financial products which is top mutual fund insurance and difficult that's why you are doing okay and you are taking away from here see this so if  If I tell you this wash it trick, it means that I am going to say that this is nonsense, it is good that my money is on real estate.  Played Real Estate Map Offering Kanoon Time Gandu District Dayan Very Happy Doodh Versus Big Show White Cow of Haryana I also want to eat Halwa I still want to eat it In our place the question that is asked is whether he will eat tau halwa or not then the answer is  Always give slowly a bowl is one bowl will be 2002 bowl scooty divine kheer halwa foot will keep so when you have country to brother's brother eat oak available  Ok good night, ok, so I will explain it to you, the people who take Ronjan Missions, first of all they take the interest rate, now only six points will be there, then they will do the calculation at the end, when the interest is at cent, then on Noida, this is cheating first of all.  That by cheating every little bit, look at the examples of your end product, Wood scene mostly does not show some lights, I change the number, what is the result of that, old  Knowledge of India was given like this, I am giving it to you and that if your mind does not lose its first songs lights, you will now become lazy, wo n't you think, okay, then I am the level deer of all the four audiences, like Gyan Sikka used to run in India earlier, okay  So let me tell you what is the confusion about this, first of all whatever calculations are there, intercity and they never tell you about income tax rebates which are given to us in section 2 4.  The interest earned on Rs 1 lakh is about Rs 60,000 and the special interest charged on it is three-four percent, that would have saved around Rs 5,000. If both the husband and wife had worked, then Rs 11,000 would have been spent on a cool item. No calculation tells that celery interest.  Always mention the rates below, thirdly, always keep this in mind that the person will always be your friend, secondly, you because those who do wrong always do the calculations first.  Tell me, those who do wrong think that the loan taken by Anwar is from the house and this Mike is his that is being hidden, if I don't spoil him then he will invest as much as he has in himself, brother, it is not like this, you don't have that much discipline when Bought a house, put a gun on my forehead, took a loan, now I have to repay it, Gun on my temple, will say a lot of choice, even if I lose my job, I have to repay but a trophy, mutual funds, stock market expert, very nice productivity.  If but it's a development officer topic then I will cover it, so you don't put it because it's not about the market, you will have to pay tax, don't put it. I didn't even tell my father about asking for money that when there is money, it will also go to the bank.  G 20 can't do this, no one will do these calculations, there was only one in front of me, I thought that for example, if I run five kilometers today and my weight is reduced by running, then I will run every day and by running for so many days, my weight will be reduced that much. Sometimes I will be on a plane, sometimes I will be tired of office work, sometimes she will send me to buy vegetables, only then I will go to the children, they are not doing this calculation, everyone says that they  Place dedicated to her run away so it's blindness light on how to put a gun on the temple you she just took the folk and it's I go on so close in on getting and show how much will be the show how are you how stupid  It is made, I will tell you further, okay, second thing, one thing is said in this that in the rental, you should always take a Chinese person, okay, is this right, this is affordable housing, this is Szechuan Properties and Get Much Port, but how is it wrong, I will tell you, X Pimples.  From then on, tell me an example, then you can understand it, who bought a DDA flat in early 1997 and bought a ₹ 10 note and a day's fat of ₹ 10, then at that time it was three percent.  According to brother, New Year used to happen i.e. at the best time of the month, it is right, tell me wrong, write yes or no, all of them, you are ok, then you tell me, this is the worry of 30, ok, you brother, today's day.  If he comes to Chhattisgarh, he is getting 36,000,35,000 piece pin lock investment on enteritis clock, whose Chawla factor is getting 133% return, you are giving him 3% of that.  Brother didn't sell it, his flight hit 17000000 or he didn't even then poor guy it fell to Rs 1 crore 30 lakh and black yellow taxi is what I say and should not be bought but see the wealth generator and started putting S8 in it for free on rent. Gave it when he had taken a loan of Rs 2 lakh for Rs 3 lakh, his loan was already in 1996, the loan never lasts for more than nine years or with the salary clause. How much will we keep going, the salary is also increasing, you have posted this Sam and if the interest rate is becoming bubbly in the lower ropes, then the level we are going to is such that it used to be nine and a half to ten percent three-four years ago, no.  It was eight and a half, mango tade was 7766, six point five and middle, that it did not calculate, the certificate used to calculate at eight percent, the whole time, income tax rebate was not entered.  Randomization was not done, okay then you say, home is an emotional love, programs are not channels, home is inch thick, National Singh, who would fool you, that tissue is emotional, there is a practical thing from the car, if you die, then the head of the house will go to the wife and children, Vijay is an open setting.  If the wife does not know where to withdraw the funds, which demat account is opened, where what was to be done, what is the nomination, what is there in the house, then the man will immediately go and install the loan.  His gas term insurance people have taken a loan of Rs 1 crore, have paid Rs 10-20 lakh, there is a house, your family can live in this line, you will get this insurance, it is that compulsory love, you ca n't think, the calculation is insurance vs meter front, that I have. Get insurance worth Rs 1 crore, term insurance, if someone's property of mine is ₹ 2000 per year in premium, I would not have done this if I had stocks.  If I put it in mine, then let's calculate from what I did. Do we also squeeze the car? Install the car more? I do n't know why people love the car so much. If it is okay then these calculations will be like comparison. He said that the stock market Brother, first and foremost is the house, then people say that if you have just one house, then only keep it. Hey brother, multiple properties can also be made. Against Time and Whose Property Campaign for Itself. Now, at the end of this webinar, I will give you a  I will show you the property and will explain that when this verse is a positive property which will present itself and the webinar will end, the one who will have to go will leave. After 2 hours are over, I will show you guys a classic example that if this property is late. These properties are from, how much are they worth, I put a little money in it in the beginning, the alarms that I took a loan from my friend started getting on MI or it started getting on monthly interest and then gradually  This return will start and then if more rent comes from here, then this property will be ours, won't it? Then I got the news, Robert Kiyosaki says that it is 65, so it is like this, if you will not support him then ever. Otherwise, what is their qualification, what is the parameter, tile also constipated, I have an inferior back which will not be recorded, okay, so this is another wrong thing, it is this, then it is said that a person is always in place.  If he keeps roaming around, then there is no need to buy a house. Is it right for the tenant of the house to call the tenant a batsman? If your profile is that you are roaming around in different places, then JNU may apply. You are made by back to three.  CR wala you bye-bye report by Elva Edison It's something like where you will be able to wear a shirt worth 10 rupees or you buy small sets and rent it to people It's something like  That if you will not be able to enjoy the pleasures of Fortuner then don't buy it. Even if it is a depression for a man, you can buy 10 and tow instead of it. If you are looking for a solid asset class for the backward class, then this is the contact with section or tinda set state. President is crazy, so if the rates were increasing on hourly basis in Gurgaon from 2002 to 2008, then go to the property and come back within 6 hours without seeing it.  The rate was increased, it's okay, the three ₹ 4000 each of the property was gone, when the reason for 20450 and inspiration and Kuldeep Singh benefit, that is a big cycle, it's okay and definitely last two years, Naagin plot was bought, it's okay, so the cycle was included in it.  You get to capture, you have to do multiple cycles and the second thing is that when you buy a property, it is worth one crore, if you buy a property worth one crore today, then the money is with you.  1520 not that you have extra, first of all people consider it as an acquisition of one crore and calculate the returns on 1 crore, they do not calculate on your 20 lakh and love you understand what is equity and what is capital vinod is when look at the return on equity in this area.  Attachment capital is capital, return on equity is the money you invested, total is RO only when the chairman understands what you think will be appreciated.  And very rudely, in a normal year and versus Baahubali argument, there are jokes in his income literate, he becomes a fool, and when his dynamic zoom and financially literate, solitude becomes plastic calculation, no one told you that whatever my vent will come, I am And when you see that I took an acid, the money that came from this acid, I took this  This acid is also growing in the set, this is also growing, if I like this, then it is standing, isn't it, so the principal is not going down, but if I put everything in this Moksha only, then this is  So Mirchi Kar Kya Bhai Shoot Me In The Journey Of Asset Class You How To Do Both Can You Take A Little Ka Loan For Putting In Your Stocks You Will Never Put But You Can Put There Candidature This Notification Should Stop Ticket Can You In Chori One Crore Stock B Coming Rs 50 Lakhs This Is Such Insurance I Do n't Know If You Have Put 50 In A To-Do List By Market Place And If You See 50 Lakhs, It Will Book Rs 50 Lakhs  There is no such system, so here you have to invest money. This is a very important product, but by just doing this, you will be saved from a very big acquisition and mother along with it.  Namaste, won't she press you like this? You have a house, you are not getting married, yet the society has told the master that he needs a house because people know that if he does not tell me that his son has died, then my daughter will be given to him.  My house needs you to tell all the stories to her buffalo that she doesn't believe and girls do n't get fair here, this one has gone after the neck of a lakh year old enemy and now lion generations are doing the same for their children. Then it will come or else old time  I used to be clear about him. Okay, if you understand this thing, then tell me. And I am a peer and it is okay for him that China, you have the same savings that when you are not senior, it will end. In a society where it is not clear, the story is like an animal.  If there is no affair in the kingdom, then all the patients will come. He is a deer, he is not afraid, if the share comes, he will die. No, it is okay, so the figure of women is justified, so now society and valves have been formed, so there is no money right now.  That you beat us tight and went away, got up and went away brother, those are not the pocket set times, so even today they have to wonder what is the reason for fear, those reasons keep on changing and always carry a copy. It is very good to understand women. I am telling you something, you have a fear of women, and the biggest thing is that my husband is gone, my brother, I can die, no one can tell him, unless you do your woman's bread, you cannot progress in life once.  set it up  Give, this is your house, if you die, then this is your money, now let me live, ok yes, live your life, Samrat, so if you make everyone like men, then you will have to address this, it is not emotional, people were emotional, so what are emotions, they are not pimples.  Today I am giving an emotional speech to the Muslims by making them emotional, you lower the value of that thing and lower its status, then people are buying this emotional viral, it is a necessity. Like.  Insurance, bread, clothes and house, then that, after that, first bread, then clothes, house, then there is discussion later, after that, bread-cloth-house, then shares, mutual funds, the next thing is rapid, neither is this to you, now you will say, how can I take this one, brother?  You also have children, now you have a 15 year old child, if he laughs, he will make it home, then why can't he buy it, then please click on the like button, the biggest concern is that our children are from India, not jobs, so Reddy's job is not there, there is so much fighting.  there is no home  The number of years of salary has become so high that it will remain there forever, so if you add all the people who are above this day, then the children who are born less than this year or today, that is the generation house.  Can't buy it, you can buy it if you subscribe, it will go to Rs 20,000. To know this, you need a salary of 50 to 7000. Those with a salary of 50 to 60 years, then we will get double.  Something else that Salman and so many people are not there, the maximum number of people who are coming in the market right now, what is the practical salary of 3540, it is easily understood, Athal Chaila's package comes in the hand, but after spreading his pizza rupees packet, I hop now.  After listening, someone wrote 8 families, very good, okay, so now I will stop the recording and take care, call now, how many people are there in comparison to if  If you are on the side of rent then write now and if you are on the side of brother then also write.