Hello friends, I have come up with a very unique and interesting topic that SIM size flat and SIM type close office late and hold it, 2223 feet flat beach is in some project and the same thing is in another project, is the size same or pet depending.  On the Levant, some will like one, some will have a hang and a very unique emphasis. I tell you that wherever the trend is going towards taking 4bhk, it is very interesting because it is practical.  I bring the thing which is happening in the market and it is not going to be a very long video but it is going to be short. If you want to face this problem then you have to connect with me. I identified the grease problem very well and after doing it I have  Its solution is also very good, so listen to the problem, normally those people are going towards 4bhk where two couples will live - father-in-law i.e. mother-in-law, father-in-law and son-daughter-in-law, now Indigo Inn.  In a particular project, there is a master bedroom 1622, so the ratio of action was that the bedrooms are of small size, so it is not understood that they were not able to take the decision and buy it as to whose share the master bedroom will go to or not it will go to the couple, it is old.  Couple and he decide among themselves that I will go to room 11 and 12, this one will go to room 16 in 2011 where Box Rusalt is separately, so in this matter there are many people in this matter. Decision-making is not possible. Some of the projects are 4bhk which are actually 4bhk but their layout is such that it is only family with her husband and wife and two kids. I am also a single parent. It is fine and I also have elder children so husband and wife are one.  Children, a deep boy, a late elder girl, one towards me, the guest room has become such a different taste and where these two Kapils are, this is where they have to live. Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law will also be sour and that kitchen and all those frills will be able to live there only when there will be rooms of compatible size where the master bedroom will not hit the brother with something very strong.  So it remains to be seen that while there are 1611 1612 Walking Dead drop rooms, the rest of the rooms are so small that the single person living system has become a template in many builders in Dubai.  There is no joint family or if India is doing such corrections, it is cut copy pasted, then where the Indian audience, dead skin and village people will take everything suitable for them, then it is within the same ticket price, same owner of  And BHKs are of the same size also. The Amazing Living-Dining. Some have big and small rooms, some have rooms, so I have this solution. If you are feeling difficulty then you only have 4bhk.  If you want to do the system then please type in 'BHKTO' on WhatsApp and after that tell a little about yourself which one you want, okay then you will get the best solution for it. First of all, tell me what or problem you are facing.  Is this a problem? Is it a problem? It is okay that the animals go there and do not understand which one will take which one. So, there are some such projects where mother-in-law, father-in-law, son and daughter-in-law can live comfortably. It is so big and wonderful.  Have taken techie, one is a couple, the other is travel, there is a lot of space in between, there is privacy, there are two more rooms and the pricing is also very reasonable and good and the builder is very good and everything is working, so if you are interested in this thing then  Please connect with me by writing and BHK and dedicated person will answer the phone.