Hello friends, today's topic is an interesting topic that videos are not allowed on YouTube. Tickets are nutritious on this. Those who buy property in Gurgaon will know the peace and education. The cost is a very interesting thing and the pricing is told. We are told that the project is ok and this is the launch.  Happening G 1.3 CR Strips Ok This Is 1.5 Inch 11 Tracks Starting 1.1 769 Meaning Of Truth Lies In Till Appointed Anything  He says that a little IDCPC is not reflected in that rate, there is no EDC in the game, if the charge goes down in the game and then the sugar goes down, he does not even talk about it, then he charges the wrong position, the good players listed, their cost is very high.  It is good that there is so much confusion about how ridiculous the player is, but he edits the cost down to you and looks at it from every angle and comes out with a figure as to how much it costs, that too is a confusion, there is a discount here.  This is the selling price, that is the prize, so first of all I want to tell the audience that my something witch is this cord, spirit witch exists witch something witch you should always always ask for something. If you come to Anju, then bargaining from here, if anyone wants 10 lakh 2 lakh less.  You want to do this, you want to get something calibrated from someone, you want to do anything, first of all tell me brother, you are Kaushik and this is your quantity.  Audience, let me talk about something more interesting, start collecting requests from you, buy a project, buy a channel and collect enemies because it is exactly an official Google document, when you keep it with you, you can make 19, how much water, any rate.  I will give it on this YouTube channel, it doesn't matter, it's okay, others too will not like saying it does n't matter, but anyone can come and say at any rate that that time has become so much, so much, so much.  Talking about which vle, you will show this ad with 1.17 strips which are inside the prostate, the rate was actually 1.4, so when it increases from 1.17, then tell him 1.17 and he will tell that if it was possible for the police, they would have made a template like yours.  There was a time when he used to collect points from the country immediately, put the cost in your laptop and you will know the pattern of positive.  Got to know about the death of more people, let's try, take this, take it like this, take the money, this is a big thing, I mean, I have Gautam Sheets of all the projects, okay, and not today's, since they were launched, okay, so all.  The pattern becomes visible, who was selling for how much, what was the calculation, where the mines were separated by rotating them and then with effort another game is played which is not indulged in the pocket, that is the answer to the builder's agreement. On the builder's foot agreement, you want that  I talk openly Please tell me, you have to like it because you come up with so many topics, you read a lot of creativity things, you need them somewhere in the cost, the one who wrote like this, he is giving you a modeler kitchen, he doesn't write, okay, so try alone, you can't fully understand because one  What was the cost in the quantity of the year, how much is it in the other quantity, but what was found in it, what was found in it, the downfall, in some, open car parking is being pasted, in some, covered car parking will be present in some, if it is not given in it, then this is to align things a lot. you and  Why should you have a diary and take all the shoulder schools inside a laptop, if you click on it, then from such verbal wards, extension should be researched, some projects, Sona Road Projects at Dwarka, in this project, premium project, project project guide, you did, I mean, I say, I number. Of One India, if my husband does more affairs of the cities like this, then we get to know for free the active activities of all the builders, who has the presidential power, who has what quality from the pattern and this data becomes Goldman, then these big resort channels.  The stories you see, Article 368, this rate has increased here and there, it has increased, they also do not have this data because their boys who do jobs and write data, this idea was born Dravid means at that time the children were going to school, they will give something.  Also get the data and paste it there Price Average Prices Average Price Meaning of Word Average Price That I Average If I tell you one thing then Door Man to God Ground in a Stream of Water Belief on Average  Each date of three feet because when he was crossing get cream today Ashwin tells on feet it is the average of three feet every three feet what did he take where he crossed with Mitthu average keep it average pricing his lost its meaning of algorithm to calculate Makes it old also tells today in market in Mumbai market here its cost is 90 There was an old one next to it whose name is associated with Now that's a different name that's this this is there subscribe and would like that all that is useless and subscribe and and to the market because through this means week this dance is also the other one is that expensive so which press is the matter of press  Will you do the same wall, there is a difference of thirty percent in the price, today is my best price, okay, so how did you like the video, if you liked the video and other good things like this, then tell me like, share, if not then please subscribe. Subscribe, I stopped asking for likes, so people started liking me, sit down in Holi, I know this content, you are the support, cut appointment in the back side, nobody tales, friends, office number, details, wicked topics, I will have to do, I am positioning myself,  Telling also a real estate educator a prime real estate education and literacy so many people for the world in a very good way normal literacy percentage Educated people but in reality this relationship is accessible, what can I tell about it, we will see, tell me about the purchase, it is more important for real estate than there because it means the purchase of a very rich person and a person from a middle class family above the family.  No one, the expenses of children and water are so much, I hope you all like the videos, share them and on which topic such videos were made, I will tell you later, thank you.