Hello friends, this topic is for those who want to build floors on plants and plots in Gurgaon, those who want to play builder, like the people of Delhi in Gurgaon who are selling something there, want to earn money by doing their own construction or have you bought a plot.  Have bought or want to buy a plot or want to buy a builder floor in normal sectors, there is a video for you all, there are some calculations, I am giving you the free template here from my pet consultation. Easily apply the formula which you will learn from the very important video or you have to watch it. If you want to buy a plot today, you have bought it then there is a formula in it:  What is the cost of land per square feet wife instruction subscribe that if I work for 14 years then keep 20% of the ten percent per year, whatever formula you want, keep it even after doing zero.  You can calculate how easy it is in zero and then how much will come under this cost of fund scheme. If I have to take a loan, it would have charged me five percent during the period of Opportunity Kofte, that too you have to invest yourself to take the loan at the same percent.  Are you taking the first rule of 8 at 10 or at what rate will you calculate the operating cost? From this you will get the cost of floor. So, today when this video is being made in April 12, which  The figure learned from the valuations of plots that have come out is that you can buy anywhere you want, buy it in Malibu Town, in HUDA sectors, but in Kale Shailesh, these areas, buy it in Palam Vihar, buy it in Sushant Lok, buy a plot anywhere you want.  You will know the rate and you will know how many square feet of construction alone can be done in this. Well, it is very easy to calculate the line land cost if my area has turned out to be a hotspot. 5 crores and if I can withdraw ₹ 5000 feet from it, then I can calculate my cost in that way by dividing the cost of the correction approximately which is going on now, the case is around 25, I will have to invest my money in it and a normal one is fine.  In case of C construction, you have to do this. Now the video is very important for those who buy from me that the costing today has become so high that you will return it today and make it today.  If we start, it will be built in one and a half years, then after one and a half years what choices will the customer have in Gurgaon at that price point? You have to visualize today and let me tell you a little bit of the history. The floor which is there in 2011 12 13 14 is Maheshwari Flat 2.  I would say that the rate of Pluto was 7890 percent more than the rate of the plot at that time which was calculated based on the learned calculations.  Did n't buy bill questions, had name construction, technology was not good, nor did they close on time, there were no cigarettes, amenities or anything like that, 90% premium, if it was possible to make it yourself, then their people would have given you the time of Rs 12125 But today times have changed, today you will see and the very good players who turn out to be like you, their fans come out only fifteen percent higher. According to me, the person is in two competition like if you are less.  Do this, there is a plot in two of them and put them next to it, then the one with premium should have thirty percent of it, then in this way both of you give your own suggestions, you have to buy and the dynamics today is that because of the plot, now  It has become too much, it takes a lot of learning and calculation. People are not learning and doing calculations before buying a plot because it is I who am not going to build a house, I am like this because of Shiva, I have bought a more expensive plot than someone else.  Will take plot anytime  If you buy it at the end, then the end user builder will definitely come to sell it. Ultimately, it is not a committee just for trading, nor was the cryptocurrency Nifty created, but ultimately it has to be seen whether the runup that has happened today is now in it. It has become fruitful to enter this segment and it was good in those times and if there is stagnation of 2 years here then others are tapping after doing all that then when they reach such level  But we will go here, if value emerges, this is called investment, it is dynamic, many people will say now, and at that time I was saying this, now I am saying this, in future you will say, look at the stock market, if costing off has been done.  Then any other stock seems fine, if it is HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank, then if you go ahead of this bank, then the valuation in HDFC becomes second. If it takes time to circuit in HDFC, then that news.  Now if the Manjar team comes there, I too was there for validation and if it comes then we live in a dynamic world, an advice will not last for more than one or two years because as soon as it is worded wise, there will be logic in it, people will gradually understand it.  If people understand this then there will be a crowd, wherever there is a crowd, valuations will be increased, then where there is more skepticism, there is negativity, there will be value, now gradually help will come.  And this is a very big cyclical pattern in real estate investment. There are cycles in real estate investment. Big cycles of 8 years and 9 years, within those big cycles there are some small cycles and in that too, there are different acids in different real estates, like plates falling asleep.  The builder floors have become premium flight, big flats, now as Deendayal is coming and in the example, oh God, the value of a 160 yard plot is not increasing at all. In that, builders can build flats and sell them.  14000, what are the upcoming Deendayal issues, what are you hearing about it, can be 140, while those of Premium Central Gurgaon who cannot subscribe can be 200. Now many people are buying this in the belief that Bhai Saheb takes dry ginger, who knows tomorrow, the government.  We also do n't know anything about the government, it may be the government, tomorrow we will drop 160 drops on the flame and we will loot 160.  We will not do it at the shop, maybe it should be done, it should not be done, it will be cut, what will happen, look, this is vote bank politics, it can, in fact, they talk, Bansal talks about those people, but if they are not doing it today, then it is Deendayal because of Deendayal.  There is a separate infrastructure, like the road is 9 meters by 12 meters, so it will be there as long as Deen Dayal's Yoga continues, which will last at least for the next three to four years according to me.  Till then it is a plot of 160 yards or less and you will not rise, friends, 180 yards is the minimum size. If there was an independent registry on top of it, then these products would be in demand and you will get this one which I have calculated for you.  All the builders who want to play the game of builder have reduced the number of games which are MB thieves who are just interested in money and want to play this game. Advisor to them.  Don't play professional builders, your struggling for the margins, you will build a very poor house, even then there will not be much money left and those who are going to buy will have to see that yes, they will complain. It has become so much that builders can earn money only by installing poor quality material and in this  What I mean by don't want is that they are cut out of cardboard, that type of doors, they forgot that the rain was coming, like this, if you want to take it, okay this evening notes, all these builders do such shoddy stuff, they do this, but then  His pricing will increase further, what used to be earlier, the rate of the plot was low, so he priced it very well and the ticket size turned out to be such that it was affordable for the guy to buy and the builder also got saved in it, now what? If that ticket price is coming out in the plot where you are getting one minute with such good builders, then why would you take that and the builders will understand this, someday you will see that even the videos on YouTube have stopped being made.  because many times people  It should be understood that if something is not being told then something has happened inside him because now he is no longer a bard, the maker has no money, if he makes it well then nothing is going to be saved and the customer will spoil this note.  For Choice System Moment You Se 1.7 CR The Whole World Forgets For You Every Kind Of Width Increases So This Is A Dynamic Situation Which Is Yours I Hope You Video He Managed To Explain If You Guys Understand  If you get it then please write it in the comment section, we will understand the good calculation and write that equation and repeat it again:  This will help you in finding out whether the observations are looking good or not. If you are buying any play, you have to check that if you are buying any clothes, then you should  It should be known about the posting of the ultimate shot, it should not happen that the shot of disinvestment of the lesson of the regiment is sold in the market for ₹ 4000 and you are buying the cloth in such a way that your cost will be four and a half thousand per inch and you will not be able to get its finish which is  You cannot complete it by sitting with the director of the company and its factory finish and by using the machine, sit with your normal tailor master and its quality, then you will come to know that you are buying a very expensive cloth. Because you know that today is your normal, Amit Construction Pvt. Ltd. has made something of your own, so you cannot compete with this place York Times Minute, this notification has to be elected, it is clear to everyone, but somewhere you  You are not buying on a daily basis that if you go above this then your property will not be visible and then the property will be sold in time. I have explained that if your thing is ready and not for 1 year, Vicky, and then the final price will be at that rate.  But if you develop then you will suffer a huge loss. If you get the development project cost of funds or formula, it will increase, then keep giving this very good golden equation and this is I am running things template from my pet consultation, so I request you people to like more.  I request you if you have not subscribed then subscribe and you will get 368 degree perspective on real estate I think I am the only one provided to you is a great request  Subscribe, increase it a bit and share it with people because this is the basic awareness. All the people who are stuck in this kind of confusion right now, they have to apply this saliva and this template and these, you can put these things of today in your question.  Thank you very much for extracting value and the products of those who have half the product market are not coming up.