That Hello friends, today's topic is very interesting. Real estate is being bought a lot these days. You must have seen that this is the quarter of January to March 2022, which has the highest sales in 7 years. Water Animals did 9500 units. See in the top seven cities of India.  So this real estate is on fire but let me tell you one thing with the fire that today's topic is that when the decision making family of real estate is creating a lot of confusion in it then why are they crying? English Proverb - If I plant too many plants and become a cook, the food gets messed up, that's fine, then what is happening in the property, understand carefully what is happening in the property. Any decision that is taken is a big one in the family. So a joint decision is given and due to the inflation these days, property rates have increased, there is no such thing in it that the son has taken it, the daughter has taken it, the daughter-in-law has taken it in the mind and the parents want the money and so on. Sometimes even being taken together  Is it that the parents meet the children and they are taking everything together or there is a lot of negative influence, then what is wrong in it, I will tell you that and there will be a discussion on it. If this is happening in your family or have you seen this.  While being around you, write ID in the comment section. Idea means identify you, identify with that time, okay, and people who want to comment, please do comment, okay, let's make it interactive, okay, and Papa.  While speaking, how much is the budget, he tells his son, son is roaming in the market, watching videos, doing research, picking up the car, now Rochak is late, finding out the rate, Jagga has become a detective, okay after seeing everything from everywhere.  Finally he comes up with something and tells it to Papa ji. If he understands the thing then Papa ji is the producer of the film, so who will be the hero and who will be the heroine, he will decide only then, okay, so he brings his cutting type to make it. Make him a hero, okay then that is what father said, on what basis was his property taken last, what was the thought process, all those things have changed, especially by taking special offers in the city, Gurgaon, Secretary Bigg Boss, then why this kind of product?  So earlier it was not there at their time, at the time of father, there was profit or daughter, so there is a lot of tow in it, anyway it is better not to take it, we wanted a credit movie, okay, so ready to move.  This mess is happening on three-four vigilances. Let me tell you, weather events with this region. The first result is that someone in the family is retiring, so now the bus will go to the government house and right now we are not even paying the fare. The second result is that  I have to get my child married, I have to do it immediately, it is okay that it has to be done today, that means it has to be done within six months. The third reason is that some people are also afraid that they might not get it done, so these are the three Reliances. How much are these results?  Justified or you have to see that if Malvankar suction has come then it's better to tackle new technology. If power steering car was coming then power steering was bought. If your Android phone was to come then old Nokia one bought it then when technology was coming.  If there is a shift then that is for the new and better than why should I go for the world in thinking that miss a friend but will be raided for your child but your money is also different once the whole and then that but in that  Capital Appreciation did not come and started going down in the set and took the old car as its center. You are fine that I am not going to pay the tax money, I want us now, so you see how much depression there is and the third thing is women please guest.  Do n't make appearances. Those who are mothers and wives are okay when the property is taken. Please involve yourself. It's okay and we go to the last moment and Zakir did not enjoy it. So if women are in this world from the beginning then they will know. Kitchens are becoming smaller everywhere in the market, this effect is affecting many women, especially the older women, the old question means it is a little bigger, which they did not like. Agree with them, a lot of time of their life has been spent in the kitchen and they  It seems that in the coming life too, it will always be the case that a particular size data is not coming up. The van and the property were very expensive that if the women of the district become happy, then I will not say anything that by using technology and using modular kitchen. Subscribe and use technology that there is a chimney and by using all that there is a lot of requirement of kitchen things can we save special edition that when Bigg Boss element is there then include women from the beginning as much as men whenever they are going to see the property then they see their  Going with a friend, going alone, doctors meaning going with the wife so that she also gets some tiredness, wife is not like that, she made the movie and started watching the final cut and you have been watching the movie for one and a half years.  Mantra: This movie is being made for so many days and he said, it is not fun, your movie will flop, it is very sad, so involve him from the beginning, your wife, mother, mother, wife, whoever is okay and ultimately if all your money.  No, and someone else's money also has to be involved. According to him, whoever the father can be most likely, please keep him involved from the beginning and tell him what choice of rally stick you have. What is better, what should Abhay and should be? Not more at least. There are many layers of [ __ ] Saver. Now this is the size of the rooms. Now this is the size of the bathroom. Now this is the size of the kitchen. You will come like this and also these  What are the rates and buying a property is like potatoes and onions * Don't think that this is the size and this rate, just go for the quality part of the staff wife, in this I told some things which help people to get a high-end job.  Fry and if this practice is being done in their house then it is auspicious that they are coming with anything and father does not like it, father does not do it even if wife does, wife does not beat me and or all three of them say that it is out of your budget.  It happens and then you are roaming for the next four months to six months and you see that the rates have increased by 1214 percent which if the property is worth crores translates into 12 14 lakhs and 12 14 lakhs then your  It is not easy to save because to mix the income from Rs 12-14 lakh in one year, the income required is Rs 28 lakh, so this is Rs 2830, but the shortfall is Rs 2.5 lakh, so if your savings are for 21 years, then one and a half times that amount, the property will be sold in four months.  We were doing as they say to the children, our hope was lost in roaming around, if we had kept a handkerchief somewhere, we could have taken a breath somewhere, then it is up to you to see the thing. How many people have been identified by this? Please write in the comment section, thank you.