Actually, the topic I want to cover in today's webinar is old money concept and difficult hard acid solid waste is created over a period of time, so this topic was in English, I am telling you all in Hindi so that we can selfishly  Going towards the property I don't know consultation for many people R Rahman tortoise the end I see patterns end selfishness substances how is the notice were that  That I am the property, will I take it after 70-80 years? Will the concept of spinners be available in the 70-80 years? If no one can buy those letters, then no matter how many likes one gives, if the chapter is killed in 20, 30, 40 years, then the news will finally be there.  The public is not able to take the property, the public is not at fault, now we have illegal construction, now such projects and acid, all the witches will last, whose money is  Yours, the very nice and big buildings that I built in this New York from scratch are still standing, now they cannot be built by breaking kilometers, so this ghost started haunting those things, even at that time, very tall and very nice buildings were built that the idea was that they were old.  It was not broken because of hoagie, it has gone a little because people had to extract more juice, so this is this technology developed new to India which is my in construction that is in her intense penance to know what is the meaning of  Banga hard acid to buy it is that acid family but it is because of that which no one can buy in future or in that you are hot looking for me also visit returns you are not looking for everything that how much does it mean to me in one year how much in 2 years Because in this matter, people will get into this plot of Deendayal in Sona worth Rs. 50,000, 40,000, 55000, it will increase by Rs. 10000. 20,000 will increase. I want to tell you that family people do not do like this and this is not the case with people of any family, that is, they will be rich by family, coolness, respect, profit, rest of which is taken out by the state, I request in the word that people towards waste oil, Samsung S10 attitude is plenty.  I am telling you the record of these real estate and astrology. Everybody gets it for the first time. I felt that I will explain to you how to put money in.  One Project and Vansh's Investment Revolt Status Very Thank You Celebrate Life in the Country If Unit of Wealth Forever Product and You Celebrate and Third Voice Urdu Endorsement Will Have Three Times Nobody Gets Lucky People Gets Trapped in the Patta Tele He First I Trapped  So there is 327 in the second one, this is a set, so I wanted to explain it as an example. Share  Market's original shades of back bag are if that or HTC Evo ₹ 40 playlist many years ago, then someone who sold it when it became ₹ 100, sold it, how is it TV five times, I earned a lot of money, you  What would he have put that money into somewhere else? Now that the child, something must have happened, then he put some of that money there and somewhere else. If instead he stayed in HDFC, it is tasty, speed is low, 1617, time is and events are adjusted.  If you do then Hunter Tong Returns and Last Strowman on this, that journey there, how his play in the first match of the war, if there is some dating, then this is you have a multibagger stocks and you have a brot wala shop and you have some ownership very good business in the morning brother I returned for soldiers service Anushka, I blog in People Today, have built a revenue and if someone gets ID, then write a piece, you guys identify, not lock Pimple.  Contact Side Comment and Purpose and Timepass 2 That this relationship of his is giving him solace for four days, perhaps he has to show something to his wife's parents that I am buying and send or he has to prove himself that he is not getting permission in this job. Or maybe if you get money from your parents to play, you want to play the game. Took your property, do n't even look at it and will keep it sitting. Took the stock, got the money for work on it. Pressed the button, campaign, character, fun.  Where will it come from to buy and sell? Go to the tehsil and get photographs taken every six months, only then can you sell or buy again? I have earned so much money, I have earned so much money. Now is anyone able to earn money in Delhi?  The rates are the same, you can buy by selling and whatever was to be had, its infrastructure and it is completely mature, it seems fine in Gurgaon, buy pot in Gurgaon that you first app, the rates increased in 456 sector, then go.  For citizen sector, Allah etc., the rates have increased there, Parmar has taken it in Mar and then given it to his own, how are you taking it and also earning money, Ravan is jealous but what is the ultimate result, if Sushant Lok had been kept somewhere and monetized it.  If you would have done this work of buying brokerage, selling brokerage, cost request of your registry again and again, then it is the same bill for you too, but why is it good to give money every time, take money, receive money?  It seems and some point of time, if in the middle the Salakar is ahead and read them for the excel lot, you look at the deaf and dumb for the commercial, then this one is put on recording now, so I am not taking the names of the builders but they are the builders from this.  The one who had promised to make the commercial for 4 years, made it and gave it to me and made it well, when nothing is working, now you do what has to be done, it must have been when the money returns were increasing so much that the road went astray, so here in the plant, this is also a thing.  This way  People are going to enjoy what you yourself can enjoy, yours can stop it, well maybe someone in the family has taken that thing, those who are eating the bread of Bangalore in Lutyens Delhi had given it to the messages, neither did any generation in the banker's house.  Bought and some generation reduced it by selling it and the next generation is enjoying it then if there is selfishness in it then it can sell the fruits at any time and then go away. You have to see this. You have to see how it is in the properties. I am today.  properties  I will tell you the clear properties and how much element is there in it, the percentage, the old money concept, hard acid to bike and brother friend, properties will not come again, I will be telling and because of that the monthly premium will start coming, if the same thing.  You see, there are such places in Delhi, there are such places in Mumbai, there are such places in Kolkata, okay call, do no harm any of your bones, there is a place by Esplanade, there is a place by five feet, there is a place by five feet  But what is the name of Subhash Chandra Bose's elder brother, what is his need and what is it, okay, that is his one role, okay, there is Ghr 101 name, the name of the Englishman was the person, School, Kolkata and Spring, a lesson, which snatched away Kolkata is  Not Notification More You Know Comment Communist Party Was Then Still Means This Kind Of Matter Appropriation No Much About Kolkata Real State Is Ok Settings Or Without Matic That Is Absolutely Taxing Of Your River And Posh  If there is an area, then even if he takes you, the whole family can come and eat his bread, you also come into this family of color cutting, now what is the mistake, he is sitting in Delhi with money worth eight ten crores, now it has increased but  That saree itself is big given interview money is not your out or other comfort and will use which is too much hand bose road is like bust is bust that is ok so what is happening in New Delhi you have a property paper property but expensive butt saree  If it is expensive then it will have  It has become very expensive, it was of level level, it has become normal, it is less online, unknown income will never give that when others are subtle, you know who celebrate and get into the overall place, where are the medium ones and those who talk very deep, people will feel confused. And it will be like Simon type, I am an organization again, there would be 2 star income, there would be one yagnik in your life, there would be one less and nottingham earn income, which you would go and get a job while working hard.  You do this by removing work and earning money and the corporation can be done in many ways, it can be done by yourself, it can be through investment, it can be through inheritance, it can be through inheritance, if father or grandfather bought a property, if a thing is bought and it increases in value, then you are not doing it at a pro-time.  There should be growth in your life but on less if there is one place and that place is not that good then you can never do a rich film for half batana wether you identify with that for everybody  Will type ID and his widow not identified with new note. On type I will come to know. Write ID to Admin. It is ok. Classic example of Delhi, Punjabi, 500 yards of 150 yards, 250 Shalimar Chowkiyan. She is entitled to your Rs 10 crore, ok there.  But man is talking about metro, he has great pleasure from metro, if you are a woman and your government should waive off less fees for women, then transform that she is on this thing. Bante is also happy that the water is coming free, when did the electricity get free, we are suitable for minutes, normally, is there any person living in a house worth Rs. 8-10 crores, he has to make pizza himself, he has to buy more, why should he think like this now or even in Rs. 3 crores? Jaiswal, I am saying that those of you who have reached that level in Unlearning Kamal, if you join the Morning Aman Pack 3 CR, your next generation will grow by networking with them. Understand how many of the few people were defined by this thing that the middle class has attacked us from the back and even today we are middle class, this rate has increased but our thinking is not very accepted, now you ask about metro metro, it is cost but Gandhiji is not on the point.  I would do it because my chest is beautiful, I would rather buy something from the property, invest it somewhere else, do something else, this is a big danger, my heart will break and I should not leave Delhi because my parents say.  Hey friend, what is the warm problem? Art is selling properties worth Rs. 10 crores in Delhi. The patient feels that he will take me in many currencies, I will not reach him, he will not be able to make it, what happened, take him away, what do I know, you are saying this on top of that.  That April will live in one flat and others will live in one, we will have a shop, we will take account of each other, I have lost my control, why should I give it to her, daughter-in-law, wow, this is also fine for Namaste per ton and I am in Rs. 3 crores.  I will buy this flat on the site, I will claim to live separately in 30 days, then I will get court time and he will buy something else somewhere, this is my son who is going to mess with me, then you will believe that those who do not speak the truth directly to the son's face have this mind.  What is really going on, tell the truth, isn't this what I think Hanuman is, it is not my job to have any opinion, the one who left your neighbor 40 years old and went away, has settled with someone else, okay, but the reason is that he is  And that's because of you  You can tell the parents that you can please give him a bicycle Munakka Understand this site and this side is changing, they are changing just like me and this change will be so big time, then real estate will be available, thousands of apartments will be bought and sold by these 500 people in Delhi. Buying a house is a related business, she tries to match it with her tax of Rs 50 lakhs, she falls short with this amount, these transactions are nothing, you have to understand that once again you are giving money to the same darling.  Where you live, because of that growth of your next generation, even when you go out, whether you are living in a house worth Rs 8-10 crore in Delhi or in a builder floor worth Rs 5 crore-4 crore, as soon as you go to the mountains, he is eating from Bhature Reddy but That part is where they are coming from, I hope you know how many channels are there on YouTube, it is good to watch but ultimately what is that is what do you like Share now don't stick to the properties of Gurgaon Bring it to Delhi, it doesn't fill the stomach of two people for ₹ 5000, it is full of colors and it is fun, if you go in good bags, then like you want to understand how do you want there, will to be counted, meaning welcome, it will only give you disease.  Let's see time settles down and children keep updating one now your program will be seen because till father gives tomatoes and on that page women are pregnant 3d six years GP add then big 1025  Vikram slept in 1617 A.D. Road like mine, what do you say about the salary, 50,000 on you, one profit, 1.5 lakh, 2 lakh, the man is staying with us, identified as ok, I am not Sean Sharma, ji Namkeen Sharma ji, Namkeen chapter is all that.  Day breath will break, my old audience is fine, sleep related issues, I will be coming projects and products which will be mixing.  Unsafe Boiler History Damni Dry Skin Spend a crore, spend two crores or even if there are 4 crores and 5 crores, then feel Raees, it's good to do it full, it's a joke, they can stop the recording and it's ok, ok ji