Hello friends welcome to money mite series video number one today our topic is left and properties in la la land I have seen many people buying properties which are torn properties and spider-man positive like what is that  Aamir Khan's song from the movie Qayamat Tak was Juhi Chawla's song like 'Gazab ka hai din dekho'. Just look at the mountain and have a good property. Just let us live comfortably and it will be a lot of fun. Many people like this, they enjoy a lot in their office.  If the nurses go to the school to buy this type of property, I feel like buying it, I have a head device in it, I call it freezing money, 25 35 lakhs, many cottages in the world are cottage specific, in the market, you don't buy it.  If anyone is wondering about this then please contact me, today I will explain to you very well why you should not take this, this business model does not work, you will never go there and it will be on rent for the whole year.  Rent will come, this is not happening in the real world, the boy will have to pay Rs 1015,20000, what will he use or misuse, you have no idea, legal issues happen, law and order issues also happen, I have happened to many people.  I share the experiences which I get only from people, so this one which I have put in the mindset series, I have not put it in the related record, it is a wrong finding set that such a property of ours should be on a mountain in India.  This is a very beautiful country, there are many different places here, Pandey is very far away, you do not need to get stuck in one place, there is no need to take only one place, you can go to different places in Himachal, you can go to Uttarakhand, you can go to Skin.  And they can be silenced. Even in NDA Goa, people had a lot of ideas. There is no use in buying all these properties like this. Those who want to live in your five star hotel, need different places, do not freeze that money, spend that money somewhere.  Waste good place from where you  Keep it well, the income that will be generated from those rentals is Rs. 2 to 2.5 lakhs in 35 years only to visit a temple, why do you have to go to the same place, when you go there, who will cook for you, who will clean for you, you will have a boy in advance, this model does not work, this  But I wo n't give much explanation about that holiday, I can't say anything to those who have already thought about it, it is difficult to sell you and many people type fast to sell me because that's when I came to know that this was a trend.  and train  My money minded video 'Dhan', very few people have seen it, those people who have seen that train one, many people are playing games, you people are leaving it, I request you, if you are watching this one, then after this  You, money minded, will see and understand what is going on in my account, so you will be very pained about this second cheesy inheritance properties, what is happening in inheritance properties, I am seeing that as soon as the inheritance property comes, it is  There is a lot of hurry in locating the place, either it is all set up or it is found in the old vehicle of Spirit or daughter's Meet Depending on text, it is in a very hurry, it will not go back to the departed souls and will not take it back, you have found it, have some patience.  Give me peace, it is fine only if you can't find it anywhere, its validation is a good way to check, I also made a video, we are salary property first rough, you see it, it is in one of my real estate series, you can also get advice from someone.  Check is a very good way to repair an item and sell it, so those who are in this situation can connect with me. Sometimes what happens is that property is also gifted by the parents. It is not that they give vegetables only through inheritance. Some parents are there even today.  This is the one who gives his car property even while living, you take it, what do you have to do with it, if he gives you death, then there should be no hurry in that too, take it out quickly, put it on a plate. 80 lakhs this  Withdraw it in Rs. 65, you should not be in such a hurry, my experience is that people do it very quickly, there is financial loss in it because there is no love feeling in it, that hard earned money is someone else's check, he had invested only 10-12 lakhs, it was hard earned money, it was ₹  If a Rs 1 note has been appreciated, then that soul also gets hurt when you remove any of its belongings like I have seen in jewellery. Mother in law was the only mother who can cure mother o mother illness.  When she gives the tree, she had brought it from Sikkim somewhere, 24 carat S carat from South India for sour, that she gave it to her daughter-in-law, she gave it to someone else, she was not at all like that, 526 So look at 500 grams.  Let's go to the shop now brother, design this one for him, those jewelers are all very fast, here you will get 3904 rupees from madam, there is no problem, just do this one and send it to the designer.  11 grams are not going, nor are your earnings going, so don't do this thing with the purity that is on the board. You are so fond of doing something new because this cycle gets attracted again which takes away your breath of your mother's time.  Time's or your teeth's enjoyment Grandma Shuaib Grandma Mother-in-law, if you have shown your grandmother alive, train slot is the havoc of back-breaking brothers, then this is the mindset, this is the real estate and this is the truth that I destroy one.  The mindset is that it is not my work, I don't care about it, money is money, it has been earned, it has come as a gift, its value is the same, it is okay, but we treat it differently, this is a wrong mindset, so this is this.  I will keep bringing videos like this in the Mindset series and I want to place an order for this one before ending the video, so that those who are my subscribers, then the request is for everyone to watch the video, do not subscribe. Subscribe, I have a lot of questions, all the Koeri castes are of different levels, so please tell me if I am subscribed to your channel, then enter in itna Bumrah, is there anything of 7 minutes, can you share something with you in a minute?  I will send it to you free of cost on WhatsApp or when I come, I will ask you to call me. It was related that you covered me and see what you have seen in the inspector in the decision page.  If there is clarity, then he is a friendly neighborhood fighter type of man, if you add a little to something, then just ask, am I doing this, is it okay, if according to you, I will tell you, maybe I will give a diamond to your beat system.  So you may agree with me or may be I am like devil's advocate, please check this and check that also. If you have done it to them then your connection will increase.  I have told that because so many people are connecting with me, I have studied a little about Twitter and have some people's experience, so this is an offer for everyone, so my request is that as soon as you watch the video, watch the forward like this. If you have not subscribed yet, then please subscribe.  Take it and the series of my mark sheet is going on or the video has been done. Leave your children who are above 15 years of age and show us this very good match will be set. They will gradually develop their time in the series. It's  28th 19 Video I have a lot of content, so by the time this series reaches 30 videos, there will be a good pattern in it. It is not that the child should be of covers only, its name should be of any system, because the money is put in front.  If you are money minded in life, then you should be right, then you tell your children that brother, this is our paint chain, subscribe to it and you listen to it and do you have any questions because I am there for the children who are mine.  Subscribers will increase, thousands of prizes will be given, then I will also give a separate prize for the children, but they will be subscribers, do them somewhere, so my request is that you increase the subscribers, like this video, if you have taken these last properties, you were thinking of this. If you like one, I will get 11 feedbacks from that person that yes, this is the one, then I will like it, and if you like this one, then I will like 50 of them, then I will like one every day for the next four-five days.  I will make a video on real estate mind set, so I don't know about related, which one to buy or not to buy, I will first fix the mindset of you on real estate so that you are never stuck on it and you know which properties should be bought and how.  So Real Estate Pargana, the person who is beautiful is mine, I want that. We have spent 45 days on Real Estate with Hi Mindset related to Real Estate. So give me 50 likes in this video, I will post it again tomorrow evening.  I will give another video and will keep posting it, thanks.