Hello friends, today's topic is Bank Properties for AirBnB, the system of AirBnB and in this way, it is fine for short term growth, he is a big financial influencer, now I am very happy that he may be influenced by watching my videos from commercial.  Or I may be misunderstanding that he has taken that flat, so he has recently made a video saying, 'Dude, take this flat and steal it in an airplane' and he means like a tourist.  Places are like Goa, after hearing this it seems that this is logical, so I want to give this knowledge to them also through this video and I want to give knowledge to all the other people also because I claim real estate, you have given it.  Number Van Real Estate Work because of clarity What work does it do from inside It requires a lot of hard work On the surface it looks very good The number one danger in buying airplane properties, flats and societies is that the system is very good but Chadha has given it furnishing  Someone has come to eat and it is good, but think of this, you live in a society somewhere in India and someone is coming next to you, someone is going, someone is coming, will you allow or will you allow money?  You had taken the flat for yourself, you had taken it for investment and you have given it to the tenant. That tenant lives with his family, husband, wife, two children, girls, boys and some people are going. What security and we all are going to open?  Let's say that normal people will also live in the ultimate society. Is there such a society being built where there are 500 flats and all the investors have taken them and all those people come there, this never happens, so it sounds good.  It is looking good to me too, I also want something like this to happen, I am also looking for something like this, there is no flaw in the business model but there is a problem in the execution, so people buy it thinking that we will make it happen brother. Those old uncles are aunty type, they are nosy, they don't even give proper vaccination to your talent. In Malik Society, I am telling you about Pan India, this is the talent that has brought Aadhaar PAN to your talent, who will stay there every day, who will get the job there. He also does something or the other, there is a rattling noise, do you know that your tenant did that, that too, keeping that tenant also means an effort, someone came here for two days, for five days, what does this mean?  Is it possible? Think for yourself, a property in isolation in a place where movement and movement is free and other people are not affected. These cities are possible but look at the local rules and losses there. Do they come under commercial limits? Do you have to pay GST here?  Is this allowed here? Is it allowed in commercial residential? PG was opened in Gurgaon by the public, the government seals it and goes away, what comes under it?  It is very easy to say that this program has given me the platform, go go go private limited, what could be wrong that now you have suggested that I am also on YouTube, I am not subscribed that much yet, maybe tomorrow I too.  I too know the history that I too have properties, I tell you, brother, what is Airbnb JNV, I have decorated it so well, here is my photo and here is the link, this is the payment, you come and go, keep yours, two boys have kept the food prepared. give me  Ideas come to me, I also tried to execute them, share mine too, I have not released this challenge that I am telling, that is why I am telling you that the decision is there, but before taking it, you are here, don't make this mess.  Check out the thing because where I live and where you live, you probably wouldn't want this in your neighborhood because they have some vulgar language or the like which doesn't suit me very much but still message drive. To do this, one has to say many times that with great devotion and love in place of Guru Tattva, this hourly system will not start, maybe because this is not your aim scientifically but you have kept everyone small and big in mind.  Take his name, it's fine, brother, what game is he playing, I do n't know, what are you saying? Then tell me, no, I will install CCTV, then I will check, I will Jagga Jasoos, brother, you have to see for how much time.  Energy, then you have to pay tax, you also have to pay commercial, then you have to keep a small person, then you have to keep food, then you have to keep cleanliness, but you also have to keep a check and then God forbid, you have to know how tourist places are.  How come there is a boy, a girl, she has come, something has happened, oh it's happened, let's go, then you are roaming around, do n't know where things are, so look at this risk revolution, this is the problem in this, when you are a  Let's think from the angle, dates same one income, real estate 360 degree perspective by break slamming mouth pe meaning of people, doing this with confidence, brother, I am number van, because number tu, the day you tell me, I will stop saying van because  Someone is not understanding like me, a spurt of AK tells me, someone has a 360 degree perspective, right brother, it is not spent somewhere, it feels good to hear because I am saying this, I have focused so much on this.  I have done research and tried it myself because it was a very popular topic in my consultation. Nice etc. who have made a lot of portfolio in one city and have done a lot, we also thought that now let's take it to the next city. Take Nainital, take Mashhad, take Goa, take Shimla, I mean, how many more places like this are built, they all come in the beginning but then there is some government regulatory authority, some law and order authority.  If he is the brother of a local lady with a society lawn, then the game will be played only in the residential area, otherwise X-A hotels are built because this is a hotel, we came here for two days and it is practical that Indians still do not want to go out and cook food at home. Psychology is that the woman says that if you want me to come there and get it done, then stay in your house. Why did I vote? This Indian was the same, it is not a great success. When the woman here goes for a walk with her husband, she says, I  too comfortably  I should live and have the same time, I have to make my own tea, wash the utensils myself, I have to cook my own food, we Indians do this less in ourselves, when we go to a foreign country, I am telling India to save money, then this is why it is like this.  Lest you buy a flat in a place where this program is so stressful, somebody needs you commentail ki bhaiya, these aspects are also there, think for yourself and ask your wife whether she would like to stay in a nice hotel or a  We will definitely save money in AirBnB and it will be nice but I will not cook the food but she will cook roti, we will get atha-mata there, we will get this, we will find it cheaper or we will have to walk from there to eat somewhere, half a kilometer, two or three kilometers away.  At some local spot or some such mean place because there is no mall next to the residential place, if you are normally fine then your wife will say, Holi, your outing, you stay at home with me, if that is to reduce mine too.  So I come for 4 days, it is not a fact, so go and stay in a good hotel. Good comments, you message this thing, it seems that it saves money, great cost and is not very successful in India, the price is definitely being done, I will also try it. I wanted to, I tried my best but till now it is not working, tomorrow the government will make a regulation on this, some will come or some small apartments or any other thing will come in isolation, this is a good service, it is the best to say the least.  The big thing is that brother, then the movement got tagged as commercial and if 18% GST is added, then there is no saving, because the person I am now, if I am going somewhere, what does it matter to me, if I take only ₹ for the day. I am giving 5000, it has nothing to do with how much tax is there, how much is GST, how much will go to it, how much is its profit, how much is its margin, I look at this, for ₹ 5000 I am getting this here, in Punch I am getting this here  Which one is more worth it, I am just seeing where I and my family are enjoying, so it was very important to bring this aspect, what happens sometimes is that sometimes people say no, then message to others. Why are you speaking, you have to take an example, brother, because if one thing goes wrong and it causes harm, then what is wrong in bringing another perspective, I am not criticizing the person, it is very good that what is the reason for such a live, isn't this thought, man?  Why am I saying 'our' in my mind, I am from Haryana, it is fine for me, so I am singular, it is fine in my mind, it also came to my mind and I tried it, we are trying it, now we are trying that YouTube.  If they are there, then they are also feeling very uneasy that brother, this is okay, do you want to do something else with him, if this doesn't work then he will do it, so where you live yourself, you can do it, Azad 2 days ago, I too.  I stay in the office there  It is not practical, so don't waste your money in another city, the money is fine, there will be different property management companies, the rentals will be different, but I will keep making videos in the future, there are different channels, if you have missed this, join that too.  Projects and opportunities are available, here I tell the intellectual things, I tell the template and concept, whatever I told is pan India available, applicable, there I tell the real time expectations. And one below I have a real estate information group, if you want real estate education then you can join it, thank you very much, no one is giving anything, neither school nor college, nor university, nor YouTube, nor for free, nor with money.  No one does real estate education. What needs to be done? Hey brother, the ticket price is the most expensive, it means that marriage does not cost that much, it does not happen in the higher education of the child, it does not happen in anything, every person including Mukesh Ambani ji.  Personal biggest expense is to buy a house, if you don't want to gain knowledge then I will leave it, thank you.