Hello friends, today's topic is Investing in Tourist Places, Investing in Tourist Countries, if you do please do not in Western Plus and Retention, you know I have peeled ribbons for commercials, sometimes Bigg Boss to share the mode setting so that even after going there, you can do commercials.  Ne but me also residential and stay yourself is not a solution you pick up every tourist place ok catch four parties Shimla Nainital Mussoorie face is the circuit of temples and pujas. The first one is of pilgrimage. Catch this one. You can catch any city which is in their base like Dehradun. Before climbing the mountains, it is better to catch Udaipur in the middle.  Aap Bhoot India ko gaya koi conscious kar lo bar real estate darshan do extremely well and goals for information only plus never having any interest in living there that never ever want to settle  In A Tourist Place Wife Bum Nutritious And Will Keep Coming 2015 Tennis Fifteen Years Back So That You Had Some Different Charm But There You Toe This Place Gather Maccha Hua Brother Is The Depend He Training And Construction Encroachment And Previous Compete Which Did John living there goes and does the cords, whatever system you have, water and electricity infrastructure, there is a big burden on it, no matter how much the government earns.  To do good also, that thing cannot be achieved to that level and then that vibrancy and that one Air Force heals the injury of that city. So do you agree with this or not? Please write in the comment section which tourist. Bapu, write down the place where you would like to go and settle down, because in the tourist place where you want to settle down, most likely you were one of such tourists, such a tourist is a different thing and staying at a bar is a different thing, there is a lot of difference between the two things. Is gas agree with this and note you tell me according to me meanwhile central good place where ever you are so that you can keep going and keep visiting it in one playlist his wife if you have nothing to do with it then you have to kill that something if you  At some place, whether you have made your living through tourism or converted it into a business, then many people have to go to places of happiness and peace to earn money and they are going accordingly.  The message for those people is that because of dieting change your deed, you people do not need to follow me and here I have a very similar system, what is this kind of system, he always travels in me. Also, in this medical facility, all the manpower there, like those who are on med toe leave and of this level, you will never get a good or cheap one because it generates a lot of employment for those kind of people in the city.  When Every day I search in real estate, you guys must be seeing how many topics I was giving to B. Emphasis on topics is fine and he should do research on all the micro levels and after going and observing and making notes, it is not so at that level. Look at the article on Google, is there any article written like this anywhere, if you can find it anywhere except this video, then tell me the link, yes, this thing has been written from the angle that there  whichever one  In a normal city, you people fly in and you have interaction, all of them will come at hair cost and even the best ones will not come because whoever is good will be a good cook, he will cook it in your house because his equipment goes there.  If you keep yearning for its values, then by all accounts your cost of living will keep increasing, this is a fact, all the good resources including everything are supported through government tax and money.  It is coming from there, so the people there, it is not that if the bread is ours from there, as I said earlier, then what happens ultimately, what is the system like in this, that the people who earn bread from here, they come there, people like that come and  The rest of the people, who were the original authors who wanted to live happily in peace, are also made drivers, this is a pattern, so when this phenomenon is muting the play, which I have felt very well and seen, then why do you want to go into it, Hello friends?  Are Only to release this thing only got upset please posting please check this people posting be reduced from which took place in all tourist places tree why did I how do you know that the whole system there runs on it a for example places like now tourist place  In separate quota system, if you get down at the railway station, then this system will not rise directly, if there, then the update system will not rise like here. If she does a lot of things, then the money she earns and the profits she travels there, she earns money from Bigg Boss volume and that thing becomes more of a question that no one wants to buy her ad use to live on her own. Please but Sara.  The game becomes a rental only, so if you have some ideas that you can earn money in this way, go from here done by all means but do not go to live yourself, this is the message not for Indians but  If you want to make that town in terms of its potential for tourism and Tuesday property and all the things that you had an ancestral mansion, you had 12 rooms and toilets, then you hired someone, there is such a system on this screen and  It lasts but you will have issues while being yourself. How did you like the video? Share it with people. Thank you.