Hello friends, this is a sensitive topic, it is an important topic, you have to see it and share it in the society, it may benefit many people in the society, we will discuss a lot after this, except this case, these things should not happen, how can you protect yourself in the society.  If there is any benefit, then I think I will give tips as well, points will also be there, understand them well and see, let's start applying. Let's start with the details of this case which have come, which are the details of the email which the mother has sent.  It is written in her details that she is a CA by the name Anna, she used to work in Pune in one of the firms which is linked with Navi She joined in March this year only and 20th July she died due to work related stress. Very exact details.  It is not clear what happened but his entire story is written that there was a lot of work, there was work on Saturday and Sunday, he was made to work day and night, he was given a lot of tasks and at an event there was an office party.  Even in type I commented to the girl that now this is your boss, he is a very hard task master and he used to talk in a sending tone when she was used to asking when will she do such work, then it was said in such a way that we too When her parents went from Kerala to Pune for her convocation, they did not get time even that day. It was on sixth seventh of July and she  Was having at the same time she came to know that there was a construction somewhere in the heart, the doctor said that it is all fine, gave some anti acid or something, she was sleeping late, eating late and she was exhausted and that mother has written that she was told  The mother told him once or twice that he should do it comfortably. It was also written that the mother did not even have time to change her clothes. She used to come and she used to just go to Kolappalur.  I will do it very well, you guys stay with me, recently one more news has come, NEET topper of 2017, this is also a sad suicide and another one has come, so we will discuss what is happening, why is it happening.  One way is to start by saying that they have published their English in the newspaper by saying 'We take highest this English' and unfortunately now the issue is that in two-four- five days people will forget the people of Kolkata.  Thankfully, we are not forgetting that something is going on there, it has not been resolved, it was a new crime, it was different, but we have one mind, now I will tell you these seven points only after feeling sad and will not leave it to helplessness, nor will I leave it to helplessness. Hopeless Nis pe chhodunga from my side because I am in this domain I feel I have an expertise on true things if you watch my channel that's why I have to put it on Life Sutras Because it's about life I'm the only one who calls out things and again at some risk I will again call out my Guruji, I do this by creating even more noise in Gurugram whose Prime Minister glorifies sleeping less and working more.  Glorify Hey, you will make it political everywhere. Yes to Modi ji, the culture of our country is like this. It is also written in that email that mother herself has written that she thought that the princess and  Hard work leads to success. Narayan Murthy ji comes and works for 70 hours. Nobody calls out. That too, I was the first one to call out. You gave shares worth 300 crores and 400 crores to your grandson. You set your children for 70 hours.  Work, he does n't call out people, he is a clever man of one generation, after that, that Ola guy, I do n't know, work for 140 hours, that Nilesh Shah Kotak Mahindra guy.  Kotak somewhere in it and which one in Machal Fund, that circle, that 84 hours is fine, there are queues one after the other, if you see then Kangana Nath's work should be done, Narayan Murthy should work to push China back, mother should work for Bharti. Mother India is a mother, so Mother India will never tell her children to make their life better to increase her glory. Brothers and sisters, it is not our job. Do n't see this only in corporate. Toxic of corporate.  Do n't even look at the culture, I would like to tell you and explain to you very clearly that it is so simple that we are only four months old, I am not the spokesperson of any EI, nor am I going to defend anyone here, the culture is what it is, so is it. I will call out, tell you everything, this video should be shared on Lincoln, you guys, just crying will do nothing, doing four tweets will do nothing, do a complete analysis, otherwise what did you do in the corporate, you left only one and all.  Who is responsible here, I am going to tell you one by one, I am going to explain further to you people, here is a very important issue, people do not call out, when they do this work in excess, let's start with the seven points which I am going to tell you.  His first point will sound very harsh after listening to it, but listen, parents, no, parents, so poor parents, you forget this case, I will not do this by singling out the parents of any one case, but I will do it in general.  I want to tell you that one year your child starts on this career path, the mother should definitely move with the child, be it a boy or a girl, so that in the initial months she left the child in the PG, when is she coming, when is she going, what is she eating?  I don't know anything, showing concern over the phone does n't help, she is your child, she is a girl, she belongs to her husband, there is no need to do that, now, this is the time that you help the child. Settle down somewhere he goes Get your room Spend the money Parents should spend money from their own pockets So that the child is comfortable His surroundings are comfortable His cute is this and then You can monitor what is happening Let me tell you one thing  If we take the example of this child, she was a topper in school, a topper in college and then got CA and that NEET person too, look at the All India Rank and that.  The Physics guy has made one very superficial, what is above that, we should do it like this, look, he is good for speaking, the knowledge he has made is fine, I don't want to put him down, who is the Physics guy, he also speaks the name.  Okay, in the middle, he is our very big Alak Alak Pandey, I think, okay, so you listen carefully, burn out is happening a lot, children are getting burnt out even before they get the job, they are getting stressed out and then there  I am not taking you  I do it very well and tell you carefully, these incompetent children will not do this, these scoundrel back benchers will not do this much, that is also a blessing, if your child is not that much, because if your child is a very achiever, then you have something tight from inside.  The screw or he has tightened it himself and it is the same that I topped school, I topped college, I passed CA early, so no one should say anything to me even on the job, fighter or you have to see, this is a glass of water.  this is enough  It is full and it is filled, due to the social conditioning of the society, now this child has become 24 years old, the child comes to the market, he is filled with this water, this is his stress and if it is filled completely, then it will feel good, now when  When a child comes, it is the job of the parents to recognize them, this is because there are a lot of newbies sitting in the market and the corporate people are sitting with this much, saying that if you come to the job, they will put in this much, now with this much, it has spilled over, isn't it breaking?  When the point has come, it has been spilled, they will say that this much was put in, we give you a tip, brother, how did it happen in so much time, everyone is putting in, no one is monitoring who has filled it till this point, that is an English saying, isn't it?  If you broke the camel's back, please also reveal it to the one who put the straw. I am a Navayi here. I am neither their friend nor a spokesperson. As much as I have to humiliate anyone, I always do the same to the employed people and I am ahead.  I will tell you the pointer, this video is going to be very free, it is time to become someone who keeps reducing it, father, father, else do not let the mother fill you, the world will come, parents will come again, the world will come again, parents, you should have a system, those who do not have a system, the whole world. Nothing will be achieved by blaming the world, the rider is responsible for his own people, the government has decided not to discuss it in the Parliament because there is no discussion on religion, Nation One, this sloganeering and this nonsense will continue, this will not lead to vote bank.  It is found that 11000 children are committing suicide in private jobs but 2700 are committing suicide in government PSUs and 2500 employees in other government departments are committing work related suicides. Nobody is committing suicide. This is not a vote bank. Who forms the government from 152 Haj is a big issue.  If it happens then it will be posted linkedinsign.com is not putting hopeless, don't depend on government and  Anybody else what you have to do, I am telling about the role of the parents, I have already told the role of the parents, so what are you doing, if the child is going somewhere, where does he work, how does he do it, rent the room, do everything, set it up, hostel.  Children also put it in the water like this, leave it, it will be done and in filling this water, now I do not talk about the particular case but it comes from my observation that parents are very responsible in giving stress to their children.  Here the parents give so much stress that you can't imagine that the stress of the parents also plays a big role, so let's move to the next point. Second point, I have to do seven points. Parents have to be very very careful. You can't like children in school.  If you send it then you can't see the response of the school people. You have to check out the environment. You have to check out everything about the ecosystem and how much you have given the child.  Go ahead, that has been made, okay second point is very important is about work don't I am always bored, I have at least many videos, I made a video why you should not do well at your job, there are 10 lakh views, it didn't come like this  So many comments Why You Should Not Do Well in Your Job is a very strong video of mine and I have done it very well and I had explained it very well but I will tell you again today.  The cost of repetition is not more than 60-70 rupees. You should not pay more than Rs. 60-70 on the job. The more work you do, the more you will give. The less time you do, the sooner you will give. Not only praise, there is nothing here, there was one old picture, maybe two. Wet land or you can type it in the famous Balraj Sani rickshaw scene of YouTube3, you can type it somewhere on Google3, there is a hand held cut as they run and a guy is sitting behind them.  And there is another one who is racing with him and he is saying, I will give more money, I will give more money and faster, he is running away saying 'ji ji bau, ji ji bau ji' and like this, he is running away, 'ji bau ji ji bau', see that scene.  Work is going on here, you will get something else, more incentives and exposure and this and appraisal and this and this and this and this and this, Bhauji ji Bhauji ji Bhauji ji, the matter is over, the matter is over, that you are not that, that, you have to understand.  That whatever supervisors they have appointed here, they will keep them to suck blood like they used to do in old movies and not to kill like this, that is an old movie, I think it is by doing Kranti and its Manoj Kumar is sitting like this in the ship. And in that some hunter is killing and they are singing songs by doing this and that and they are steering the ship with their hands, it is a sailing ship like this and hunters are following them, they have just changed.  Now the work is being done while sitting on the computer and from behind the supervisor is hitting me, the hunter is hitting me, not the actual one, he is hitting me mentally, the mental hunter is hitting me, see you have to release if you are in a man ring plant, please remove mari0 from late now.  Now do it on weekends because there is a schedule there because the machine is developed there, where this laptop is developed, no matter how much you suck the blood, this is also one that one you select career is fine. Yes, there is less money in manufacturing or there is more money here, there is more growth, then here see what else is happening because of laptop, even memes were made that in Bangalore someone is standing and eating on the road side and then there too.  The laptop is open, a scene is being shown, someone is going on a motorcycle, a girl is sitting behind it, as if the boy is driving it and he has the laptop open, this is how they have done it and we are taking pride.  Because thanks to people like Narayan Murthy, I saw Narayan Murthy ji like this, make fun of him or call him that, call him trolling, you should not do this to an elderly person, anyone's Sudha Murthy ji has gone to Rajya Sabha, it is okay, your children.  Our eyes are set, by doing like this, we give knowledge to others and we celebrate them too, we should not celebrate Narayan Murthy ji and people like him, even people like R PM.  At the cost of what ever I am saying very openly, I sleep for two hours, three hours, I do not take leave, I have not taken a single day leave, brother, in a country like this will not happen next Prime Minister, listen, countrymen, oh you are not a devotee of Rahul Gandhi.  Do not vote for Rahul Gandhi, although Rahul Gandhi ji never talks about this kind of work and that balance, but brother, some married people tell me, Americans are smarter, otherwise this would be the condition of all these bachelor CMs.  Bachelor PM Bachelor, keep doing less of this, keep working, no one belongs to the family, that one is not there, you know, my channel talks so much about the family, that the family never lets go like this, when the only person living nearby gets messed up, there is no one to check.  The third point which I will tell you is a very important point. Look, if the video is long then you have to listen. There are seven points which will change your life. Even in your car or in the traffic, you get stuck. Listen to the complete video. Notes.  Will open up, I am telling all the employed people the third thing, do not celebrate when you get a job or promotion at a job, understand a very big thing, a deep thing, I will tell you a secret, at the end I will tell the secret, then remember that no one has told you about the job.  Such a big lesson, but I will tell you, keep it till the end. Do not celebrate, do not celebrate this thing because you have to take freedom from the job, understand this. Do not think about yourself. Career Don't think about your career and don't go to these parties of yours This thing Those parties are the worst stress especially for junior This thing That senior will take some liquor, feed you and will check how much more juice you have because two packs  PK, if you are crying too much or doing too much in front of him, then he will see a little and he will not complain, he will not complain about you. PK takes out the internal details of the family.  How much can we bear, how much are we helpless, how much is the system, just excuse us, if not from him, then what will happen to us, what will happen, even after becoming out more, you will go up, if something happens at some time, then tell me brother, listen, this is how it is on the job.  So I gave you time, why don't you party? I have a stomach ache, my mother has a stomach ache, the child has a pain in someone else's, my mind is disturbed, whatever it is, I have to go, no, you never come.  It doesn't come again, not like this, what did I say about career?  I don't want to make you, I will keep telling you further, you will become more rich and wealthy, listen to me, just because you are just following your peers, when your attitude comes, take some time, I will tell you the most important thing, then let's go to the next thing which was told.  It doesn't happen that in the beginning you went and bought a car, bought expensive phones, bought clothes, wasted a lot of your money, then you got trapped and I am telling the youngsters, then what should you do? What should be done? Buy a small house. One BHK and two BHK are crazy. Where do so many people come from? Take money from parents, sacrifice money for your marriage, find your right partner quickly, boy or girl, only then you will get freedom. Home  You will have to do a job for seven to 10 years, but you do n't get stuck doing all this work, after that you go to 3435 and buy a house, but that is a big house, buy some house, if you don't have the resources in that city.  If it is expensive to buy, then buy it in some other city from where your rental can be subsidized. When you do not have the issue of food and clothes, in India the government is giving ration to all the poor, there is no issue of food and clothes. You have bought the third house.  If you do this someday, you will realize that you have to work hard in the job, brother, I have bought a house, the roof has come up easily, the loan gets paid off in seven years, you can pick up the annual report of any bank. Low average loan year is 7 to 8 years only, these are useless tricks that you take a loan for 152 years but it gets repaid and that's it, but no one will tell this, nor will financial influence tell because it does not suit anyone, what is the reason from the youngster?  In other things, make them consume or withdraw money. Real estate people do not need to do their advertising, the public is already taking what they want. Shani Hai, their goods are being sold, real estate is in the barn, they don't have to come and influence like that, do you want to influence the rest of the people or not, don't take it like this, otherwise there will be a separate video on rental on that, this is the most important.  The sixth point is important for girls and I have always been saying that girls should always earn money, they should earn money, but that dozen.  Mean They Should Do These Chakki Grinding Jobs If You Are A CA You Can Do Something On Your Own Also Nahi Mere Ko Naukri Pe Exposure Lena Tha Mere Ko Uspe The Fact Is There Is A System Out There To Fail Our Girls Are Psycho People Are Ade Sexual  Dysfunctional people will never give such unrealistic tasks to boys because that person will come, smoke cigarettes, drink alcohol and be sycophantic.  He will do it, the girl doesn't do all the nonsense work, he will set her up, see, see, see, people are leaving you, see, you will be able to do it with you, you will be able to do it with the girls, it has always been like this in India.  They have to prove that even today there is a Mohana Skan leader. Mohana is the one who caught the flight of Tejas. Since when has she become a fighter pilot? Even today we are celebrating the first fighter pilot. Hey brother, ladies in India. Before becoming a fighter pilot, she had become a fighter pilot in Pakistan, so don't celebrate so much, it is fine, she is flying, it is a good thing, it doesn't mean there is any shortcoming among girls, if the girl is not inferior to the girls then let us know if we will celebrate the first in 2024 also. Must go first in everything First in everything First in everything What is so great females are capable of doing everything what man does plus they can  Produce baby so they are really better sex why should pressure be put on them to prove we are setting up our daughter for fellers that this should not happen meaning it is like it is new mother-in-law, she says daughter-in-law has come, no food  I will let you cook it, if the vegetable is not good then tell me, do n't come to the kitchen, don't show your talent anywhere, it is like a ragging system, do n't fail so that it gets broken and then tell me, see how it is.  Taadi si hai main to saas bha ka bhi dekha hoon na it is setting up for failure is the classic example don't let your girls and daughters get nahi tujhe yeh struggle karna mein bataunga can you manage stress and one my follow up videos will come because  If not alone, it will become very big. After this, I am telling you a secret and understand it, the secret is that job is slavery unfortunately. You know there was slavery among human beings, it existed in the Western world also and the slave knew that I am a slave. Here we, the people in employment do not know that there is a slave, that is the unfortunately, there was no slave, people did not do anything, it took it.  One man to come from South Africa and tell people or not, we are all slaves, we will do some non-cooperation, we will do something, we want freedom, then we want that complete sovereignty, we want this  And consciousness has to be awakened among the people and then they get freedom on 15 August 1947. There is a struggle, I want to become a freedom fighter, I want to awaken that consciousness, I am awakening the employed people that brother, this is slavery, the first thing is to celebrate it. Don't do it, the day you get a job, sweets should not be distributed in the house, you should know that it is a compulsion, you should do nothing, you should be relieved, the day you leave the job forever. No, not all people can leave, not all people can be free, this is an individual fight, beyond which people like me will come and guide you and tell you, whatever number of years you have to do slavery, you have to do it for 25 years, you have to do it for 30 years too. You should know that this is slavery, master.  If you are not master of your time, then you get burnt out more. Like us, we work for 15, 16, 17 hours. I am not glorifying it because there is no target and some days I am not in the mood, brother.  Don't do anything. Some day, if you feel like doing it, you do it. Now I do n't want to make a video because there are emotions from inside, I have to push harder, I have made no such target that you have to make only this much, you have to do only this much, don't do it, don't do it, relax.  We will relax, we have to do it in the evening, we have to do it in the middle, the body and soul are tired, we went to sleep, the body and soul are tired, we can rotate anything, but on the job, you cannot do it on the job, it is written in this email, it was written in it that buses  It was like when IPL  When matches or something came, they would postpone their meetings because they were enjoying themselves and then as soon as it was over, yes, yes, come on, come and the other employee of yours is waiting, she is a girl, she has some IPL.  Do n't look at it, she would have finished her work and gone to her home but you have taken everyone's time, so my biggest demand from this and it should be for everyone is that we should go to work only when there is work and there will be payment.  The employee will know the status of the employee and the status of the boss will be known to him that how much work should not be done, then unnecessary work should not be done, you do not call the driver and make him wait, if his meter is down, you say brother.  If you have got the car and the money, he will take it separately for waiting, then why will it not be included in this, I tell you because the people and the special parents who have been conditioned by the society, the previous generation have settled us.  If you want to have a job, then what does he do? He takes all your time by giving you some salary and says 30 hours, but he takes all your Saturdays and Sundays and the culture becomes such that you cannot open your mouth, no one can do such a job.  It is said that indigo cultivation was done during the time of the British and they used to come on horses and whip them and used to cultivate indigo and you had no choice, double the rent, triple the demand, that is the business model of these people. That basically they will under pay an employee to get more work out and there they will take pay from their clients on per diem basis or will take money on project basis and that is the profit. These are nothing but sweat shops which are open for textile in Bangladesh. These are sweat shops or you have nothing in your job, it is a different matter that sweat is not coming out because these people have air conditioned the environment.  Environment is air condition, sweat is not coming out from inside, it is becoming a waste of mind and people can't take it. Seventh very important point, I will tell everyone what to do now. I told you first, reduce the work, you have to decide yourself.  The boss has developed a habit of getting the work done quickly and he will get you caught more and more, he will get you caught more and more, there is no freedom here, you are the bull of Kolu, he will add more, he will keep rotating you to pour oil on you.  I have to do it at pace because you know that I have to make some career, no, I want freedom, when you don't want to become a VP at 45, 48, you do n't even want a career, you should do it like this in the first place, first you have to see everyone, there are some profiles.  Narcissist is the profile of cheap useless bastards. Name and shame them. Name and shame them. Don't take things lying down. Make your friendship with a good lawyer and he will say no, no, we will do it like this, do it like that.  If it will happen like this, it will happen like that, then you people will have to do this thing, name and shame, you people will have to do name and shame, you will have to do it on social media, if not in any other way, but if you do it like this, then our next yes, this is the problem. Some Bhagat Singh is needed for freedom. It's okay. Everyone loves Bhagat Singh. Shaheede Azam Bhagat Singh is respected by everyone, but no one wants to become his own, nor does he want to make his own child. He wants to become his neighbor's child. Here I am, now I am out of the system of employment but I am standing here, ready to support everyone, to give mental support, to prepare, and if you have talent, because those who are actually not worth anything, that employee is the one who survives.  Gonna give datchi or you don't put up with this thing You'll have to do this There's no alternative but to call out that I'll just surprise and  Be very very clear in it that I will call out all true nonsense happening in our lives do not take any nonsense just don't do and in Parliament if someone listens to my MP etc. videos many times then please bring private member bill no more  If you bring it, when will you bring it? Private Member's Bill had come earlier too, but in Parliament, is there still time for so many things, brother there.  Have to be no working ass should be absolutely fixed and after that, this slavery of the British has gone but of the English clients because their time is behind, we do it later too. Brother, do you move the office time back or is it not true that the British are there?  Now he is awake so now the work for his report will be done the next day. Let him wake up. Let him see the mails. Let him ask for that. Why do you have to go on the same day brother? On the same day.  Why do you have to go at 10 o'clock in the night at 11 o'clock because now work is going on there, it is day now, this is slavery and what else, we have become free but the citizens who have joined the job are still free.  There is slavery of their white people because we have to do it because our boss has to do it because we have to do it people have to just take a chill pill no one is going to die of hunger take your money to get a bed inside the house No, I don't have the money to install AC inside the house, it will work somehow, make your own house, spread a sheet in the house for six months, but make your own house the day I told you, the day youngsters will have their own houses in their own names brother, no one will press you.  This is a fact of life that you can show your eyes like this, I have food, clothes and a house too, what is the problem right now, I do n't have a house, how will I go to my father's house, I can't go to my mother, I will look like that. Struggle, take home somehow, there is pride within the elders, Pune Bangalore, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Delhi, Mumbai, this is what is happening, this is the same stress, this is what is happening in Roberts Ganj, have you ever heard of stress in Mirzapur, a different story is going on in Supaul.  Have you ever heard of stress in Arrah? Have you heard of stress in Ballia? I will tell you the secret of why corporates come to big cities. Why is there stress here and how is this system? This video may be long, it is its own.  I have a complete 15 minute video on what the game is and if we understand that game then we will get out of slavery. We will call the shots. The public will call the shots. The employees will call the shots. You have to keep your HR tight which  Day you get extra work just write a mail to HR I have I am still working this is to notify you that I am still working and clear when job is available Cut, ask how many hours will be worked, will there be extra work, will you get paid for it, what will be the use of extra work in life, the company sucks you out like this, if your performance is not there, people put PIPC in it, they put it in the review like this, they will remove you in two minutes. And then at the end, when they go, they will say, give me the laptop, what else was yours, give me the card, give me this, give me that, the next person says, you gave me so much stress, please take this back, he says no, this is yours.  keep a permanent pass  Permanent emotional damage, emotional trauma that they left you worthless and in this also people also have something of their own like where is the job, where are they going up and down, where are they getting stuck in traffic, what is there to eat and drink. They don't take a whole call and my request is to return the child to the youngsters when ever you are in this situation it is becoming over burdening your parents Call them, tell them and if they are not worth anything then accept some help because a lot of parents are failing their kids, that is also a fact, there are people like us, we will raise our voice, nothing happens, no one is dying of hunger, nothing happens  There is no need to worry, the country is not that poor now, no job is that sexy, your boss is also a servant, you are a slave, he is a big slave, a slave dynasty is going on in a way.  No one is king here, there is nothing, this target forgets unreasonable targets, tell me if you have seen any tree which will keep on growing, if it keeps on growing then it will reach the moon, tree does not move, nor does it grow after one stage. So this growth is also like this, tell him where will the growth come from, if India is growing at 7 per cent, then how will your company continue to grow at 70 per cent?  When the stage comes, she doesn't cry, brother, she has to tell the company that the number should not decrease, this is enough, now I want the number of subscribers to increase, let it increase to 10 crores, 50 crores, go to 20 crores, then what will happen next? Still, they stop watching now. Acharya Prashant ji has 5 crore subscribers, he also gets only 3 lakh views on one video, his work is fine, everyone's work is done, there is no such person who has a lot, he has a lot.  What is happening is that the one who is sitting with less is enough to survive, brothers and sisters, and one more thing, I will tell you that we are also very judgmental when they go on the hard route like this, yes, this one is hard and after struggling, they die, it is okay, so we call it a big one.  They are there, but if someone has made covers of this settee, take it like this, then let us look down on it. Brother, people are earning lakhs by making covers of these settees and they are the only ones who are wise enough to at least go. Kolappan or not, should I sell you 150 or 100 by this evening? What is the margin? Sometimes he will sell anything, sometimes he will do anything and we shame him that he shows himself like this, someone does it like this, someone does it like that, brother, see who.  The man is doing his survival skills and his mental health. I had made a video on mental health earlier also, it had gone viral and now it has become popular that brother, the middle class is not talking about it and whenever that  This is how they become then we are like oh how did this happen to us, this issue of yours has come to your doorstep, religion has not come under threat, it has come so much in UP, the people of UP keep doing all the work, they are in danger.  But here the threat to the middle class is this inflation, this aspirational illusion, this social conditioning, this fear of losing jobs and being left behind in the race, this overachieving, overthinking, running after targets.  Do n't have the ability to say because his mother has written in the mail that she had this thing no, can't say no, oh no, there is a big sentence in you, you just do n't have to do, no, if you don't want to say, then don't do it, don't finish it, it seems.  It means that you will be fired from the job, no one can fire you from the job, the process of selection for the job is someone's and the decision to fire is someone's, keep your lawyer friends, once you know how, otherwise we will become like that stereo type, this is how we got it done.  The sooner you get it, the better, the sooner you have freedom. It seems that they will call out, then it will be like this when we fought with the British, when the whole of India started becoming freedom fighters and when it came to light after the mirror trials in 1945 that Brother, now even this army is not under control, the Britishers then they went away, they waited till that by the time, the last one by whom they were controlling, neither the day these supervisors, these middle level managers When we raise our eyes, the people above will tell us that the people below are not listening to us now, why are we lagging behind our brother, why are you doing such things for someone else's glory, what is your vision? How long will you work for And's vision [ __ ] his vision What is the vision of your life Have your own agenda Other wise you will be fooling Some big agenda Have your own story Have your  Own Vision Have your own story life and after that, just like if someone does personal work, then my subscribers who are connected to me are connected to me, it is not happening that if I joined someone else's channel, then my people here are left behind.  The owner of this channel is no one else, I am also the owner of this channel, I have to open my five, open 10 of mine, whatever is mine is with me only, but does this happen in the job? You were a very good employee, very good. You used to satisfy the customers, there was a lot of interaction, your name was there, as soon as you left the job, all your goodwill remained with that company, all the numbers remained there, all the clients remained there, all the people remained there, you just moved on to something else. And who has done this? All your hard work of three, four, five years is gone with you, nothing, I got promotion, got more money, here again the same mill grinds, you give me blood, I will give you freedom, freedom is not achieved by blood.  A new boss has come, a new job, give me blood, I will give you freedom, no one gives you freedom, for freedom you will have to change your mind set, there are people like me, come in handy, now I am here, this is such a touching thing, so I  While trying to sell any of my things, I myself get distracted that no, today I will not speak, but the fact is that if you want to join any webinar, if it is not available in Infosys, then you should join this on a journey.  I am on a journey, I am taking people towards freedom and that freedom of the country also came in many years, so freedom does not come with a pinch like a job, what should I do, this is a big question Guruji, what should I do?  But it is not an easy question because social conditioning will be like this, it has left you worthless. You are the product of such an education system that you are destined to become nobody's servant.  Nothing else can happen, they are just becoming servants in the production factory. If a car is ready then all you have to do is sit and drive it by giving the keys to someone. It cannot fly because it is a ready made car, so the product that is being made.  So how can we leave that aside and leave our nature? Everyone is being mass produced like this, take them, suck them, they deserve it and the industry tells the industry that the education system produces people who are not.  Apple force, which one is Apple force, tell me, you have to suck the people and say that it is not Apple force, it is not good, it is not good, so these people from education system and industry ca n't get together and organize a meeting of them, brother, what do you want?  I want it like this, oh hello, make it like this, for how long will you stick to Haldi Ghati 1576, if there is no need here, then no, they ask in UPSC, ok, so read everything, delay is no harm.  In knowing everything, learn everything, this is the problem, the parents of the entire country are messed up, teachers, education system are all these but they are never going to change, the Indian education system has to remain ruined like this, so we cannot cry for it, no one will change it.  He will change, your child has gone after studies and has gone to work, what does he have to do with it now, what does he have to do with it, there too you will have to be a little domineering from within, just like in the olden times, our fields are our food.  We have our buffaloes, our milk, we have everything, we produce a little from within, people are so scared, today the poor of India are not as scared as the middle class of India is scared. Learn something from your made.  Please for God's sake, I request you with folded hands, learn something from your maid, madam, you are not ill-mannered like this, we are also respected, we will not come to work from tomorrow, amazing, amazing, you can speak your  The employee also respects us. We will not come to work tomorrow because he knows that I will leave him here and catch him there. You can also be like this, there is demand, you are just afraid or not, this one is very Big Four, this is Big This, this is Small This.  This is the Big Four and in this cycle of all this, you can easily attack anyone's job and in reality there is no need to leave, be domineering, let them only take out, be very clear.  With Rules and Regulations HR Law Labor Law Your Rights Talk about it Talk about it And don't keep getting crushed like this People have given me company now I am yours too If no one will keep me, then no one will keep you too Come on, we will drown  Sanam, you also come along, you have this attitude, otherwise no one will mess with you. This video is to guide at individual level, all my friends. Subscriber No, not everyone will understand what I say, not everyone will agree with me, but those who will, nobody will trouble you that is what is required and if every buddy can become like this the culture will change but if you can still change this toxic culture and  All You Can Still Be That Person Who Dozens Take Nonsense Even If You Do n't Want to Be a Freedom Fighter for Everyone It Is  Ok but be for yourself, at least do that for yourself, that should be passion from within, so I hope today you are taking some take away from within and you can share this video with others because there will be someone like that.  If it becomes difficult to get from the zone, then before leaving, the video will be given as a hope that after seeing Salman Khan's picture in The Bhang and a little bit of Pushpa 2, watch it in December, otherwise till then.  Pushpa should start from the forest and the attitude should be simple. Apun Jhukega, Apun Jhukega Saal, Apun will not bend, no matter what you wish, Pushpa's attitude is more like this. Sir, I have kept my job. Sir, now the office is going on. How will Guruji start 1 million from youtube0? Get us posted on your channel, we will work directly only then brother, this is how you make your own platform, make your own brand, make your own vision of a life.  Other wise keep working for some bigger others just like profit because if you don't have anything then tell me there is nothing for you then come here, has the report been made, has the presentation been done, will this one be finished then the next one is needed by the morning, the client needs it and he should go. Sir, we were not slaves like this, Indians, we have many sexy traits, these old ones have many traits, these slave-like ones, sir, now they are big in speaking.  Patriotism and slavery are the traits, that slavery is gone, the British have gone, democracy has come but it is within our DNA, no mouth opening, no mouth opening, for some community, some places, some states, it is easy and I understand I belong to a place where  Opening one's mouth is easier, it may run some way, I don't know and some way, it is not easy, but now the country is free. This has to be told again and again, The country is free, There is law, Here is democracy, Here is freedom of speech, Nobody can exploit you without your free will, So don't get exploited like this, Call out, Call out, Call out, Tell people, Tell that you are suffering, Tell your bossily  Now if this case happens, you will catch him by the tail, say yes, we will catch him by the tail, this is how it will be and tell me one more time, no, your name will become famous a little. We will have to do our I hope you all must have awakened some passion from within, then please write in the comment section and the least I can request of you is to share it with your friends, colleagues in your office, this thing on Lincoln's profile.  And Talk About It Don't Keep Quiet Just Because This Issue Will End In 10 Days You Don't Let It End You Don't Let It End You Call Out  Have to do it everywhere, do not take any nonsense, at any time. If asked, if you can do the work in two days, then ask for a deadline of 5 days and tell him, it will happen like this, no, the pace is not that much, tell me, only this much can be done in this time.  It is said that the salary should be given in such a way that the money should be on the hourly basis, the money should be according to the effort, if you want it quickly, then brother, if the service is immediate, then the rate of Tatkal should be different and its rate should be different, here everyone gets Tatkal.  I have to travel in three ways, first I have to travel and the money is given by the general category or this is of the employers and Narayan Murthy ji will speak as if he will, narrate stories for 70 hours, 84 hours and he will be idolized by his wife who gives him all this.  Idolizing him, he will be sent to Rajya Sabha, like the king, so are the people. Like the channel.