Half is that your is no one to cover calculating network and have enough balance seat approach to life is very good good contact every point of time of day ok brother sir how much is your weight if you don't know your daughter then you can sometime  Don't reduce it and if it is very less then you should not know about this relationship. If my comment then I ask you brother, how much is the weight then how many.  And pure and V plus minus Pandey ji, Pandey ji can be up and down, I have given the answer question in the office, yes, how much is your weight, does everyone know, fake, those who don't know, write it, okay, that's many people.  Who knows where it is 10 minutes, people know that I don't know and if you don't know Mala then you stood on the weighing machine in a study and found out how much time will it take, I will find out now ok bye  I miss you too, what is the vote bank balance, that too you have a rough idea, it is Rs 5 lakh 2025, otherwise you will find out, you will take it, I will tell you better, tell me this also, okay, tell me this too, but let's go-  Let's go and ask what is a network problem, there are many people in the list, there is network in the list, I and you two don't know network, she writes an EP, those who don't know network, then I will tell them to everyone, okay  Ok network, people should also subscribe to the channel. If you don't know then how can you not know? It is from the network that you turn on data in life - thief liability piece. You have a house worth Rs. 1 crore on Jio net. There is a pending loan of Rs. 25 lakh on it.  So what do you have to do with your 75 lakh existing polytechnics? All your accidents have to be elevated and all the loans you have taken should be done on your network. So if you have  There is a credit card loan up to Rs 5 lakh, there is a personal loan of Rs 10 lakh, there is a home loan of Rs 25 lakh, Rs 5 lakh is given by a friend, lakh is given by father, Rs 1 lakh is given by someone, we will make all the notes for this, if you add that Rs.  I gave 5,000,000 rupees to the world and that's it - now all the edits you are sitting with, you have affordable housing, you have a flight, you have a slot, I have to do it, now you have not even spent that money in it.  If you have one then don't comment to him that I want to buy a house worth three crores and I have given him Rs 20 lakhs, so I have given him 1.3 rupees, it will be a little tough to crush it, if you have done this then it will be his directly.  Can do 6 minimum, if it is 1.35 mg then you will fry plus point zero, now you will not do 135 because if you delay in payment in 5 years and 1 minute the features will increase, it will be one and a half.  So you will use it 50 times and the money you have given has now come. You have basically understood how many shares you have in your mutual funds, how many fixed deposits, how many types of gold vows, what is the age, now whenever you are in MS Word packing. So there are some acids which we have given you money, there are acids which are going down and there are some acids which are not giving you money. It is very important to understand that I will cover the topic of inheritance, for that knowledge will be very important, this is not the knowledge.  Sometimes parents sell the form on their table so that the office will be very important so burn it, you have to find out that if in this I have made one if from my late I am saying that dollar millionaire is absolutely I will make you by spending 1.34 crores  If you want to do this, then you will have your own leg in it and you live in it. If there is a network type message of Tile, then it is not going to be handed over to that also, hence it is very important that when you live in a house which  Set according to your status Thakur, don't live in extreme poverty but by increasing my liability by taking very hot non, I came to Shapoorji worthy of taking and I went away Shobha you that I had to impress someone, in the process of impressing people, our  If this is not a super hit of Dollar Millionaire, then the network I am talking about has to make one million dollars, then I will get this net versus 1.1 million dollars. In this, many people say, move your house, then if the house itself is worth three crores, then you will get it.  Wally Leela should be removed, there are some benefits but if you take it home with your muscle power then you can admit it, you can subscribe, stay support base is fine when you absolutely hate it, first find yourself and make yourself happy and say yes, my house is worth one crore.  In this term, I will do something else worth crores, then I will go there, you can shoot whatever you want, okay, we will not argue about this, okay, you say a lot of edits, not for your home, but for work, I tell you to do it.  Because first hit it once and be happy, it's okay and after that we will see and discuss over tea, but if you bought a very expensive watch in that, then you will see that someone has taken the car, now he is the beneficiary of it, then as soon as his time comes out, fifteen percent.  I will do it, he will come to know on his own and if I don't file it with me in crores, then if I sell it today, it will be sold for 6820 cents and next year it will be further reduced by 10 cents, then you will start understanding it yourself.  What should I buy? If you buy a cake, then if you can buy a Creta with an egg, a big champion, then you will not go for the Fortuner because I told you that I am going to tell you a big thing that if you buy a Fortuner for 25 lakhs and share it, then you will get 30 lakhs.  If you buy Lite on road price or Kota Innova Crysta then you will get effect and mode of discount of Rs 25 lakhs which is good for Rs 25, you will not have to earn Rs 50 lakhs. People, Celebrities and  Gol Motherboard Places from Shubham Singh Rajput Panchsheel If you don't understand properly, you were thinking that you have earned a lot of money, you were earning 2 crores, how much more in this test, you see that, if you buy a car then it is worth 50 lakhs to earn.  You want ₹ 1. If you think that I was earning so much, a car worth 50 lakhs, you don't get the perspective of small things like that Anita Sunita of you people, but most of the poetic things, I did not understand on my own.  If you get into the trap of returns, then here also you make the mistake of saying that if the record can save you then you can buy a bigger one. Hey, this is a big one in taxes and how much will it cost to maintain it and what is the matter, it is giving you income.  If you earn money on your reputation then that is use views 219 you should also wear food worth 25000 if your personality or money is ours it is not like vestige they are Europe and money in up grading and just like you people  And with little money and time request pending, she will not even spend the money passport friends 360 104 to update herself angry the next day, but if kept drinking for ₹ 15 for a minute, she will also get upset stomach, she looks so NAAC Report You Should Always Know Any Dispute Guru At Least Nominal GDP Which Country's Votes Will Have to Be Done, Otherwise Urine Behind to GDP Country  Seven percent average of aa bhi to win porn apni sari hai that address be slow hai bat gaye g definition passport nominal GDP 12 cents then you if your network has 1212 percent true no you have invested your money in the wrong place Sara if your not mine  If he is paying, then how will you all know that this is a flight worth Rs. 1.5 crore of mine and the delegation thing 10 months ago will be Rs. 140 on top of that, then the network is not able to keep track of it. You and the network will start doing calculations only then you will come to know that this is the square of my second father's balance. The company's balance sheet is there, its profits are seen, its income is seen, the acids are seen, the reductions are seen when in different ways.  Searches for detergent, enter salary and accounts, then you are a chartered accountant but do not put any balance in your life, suffer from heart disease while working for a company, do not give up your job, it is not even necessary.  If your God is that you are an old man in an institution and any person expires, then it is smart best to remember that even if you leave, no one on the set is concerned and this system is organized in tantra and mantra.  Have to run for Voter ID and apply as much money as you can get, but the rest is spent with full force. What will people say about the price of the village and you see, you stop doing some makra, their mothers and daughters are there, but go out and do something else of your own.  take a lot  The details are not filled, time passes, the system will be very happy, the pain of you people will go away, to whom you have spent your life, for a small car on a daily basis, for this you should walk in front of that name that I have become this.  I got promotion, I got BPL VPN jet, for fooling all this, you get a letter of appreciation, for making him the biggest fool because you can't pay me, right, your work is good, I answered the questions, my work is not good, I get a salary, that's your daughter.  you juice  Taking a stone, ₹500, taking a lotus, lots of question papers, nothing will happen, they will be cut, at that time your self-esteem will be booted, but when you will have a bigger picture, then this old age Twitter will beat you today with any 506 roll in India.  You do an interview and ask about their well-being, ninety-five percent out of 50 will use their battery, their pinpoint, their leg, their relatives used them, their  Hurt on the body and children never use it and do not be afraid of being used by children sometimes. Children have to be used only because it increases the network of the family. Your English, first of all, become a family millionaire, which is the alarm, after the family, I became a couple.  Become millionaire after couple, individual mini urban, where after that stress to your children, grow rich look like this, like like this, first catch it in target because if you add then you understand.  Are you friends of Chittor asked a question, now you have to answer a question, friend, I can earn five percent return on the established crore easily, if there is something can I want on this ₹ 15, 5.5 on St. Martin and planets can take care of.  You can earn five percent of the city, we will earn five percent of the city, write the president of seven crores, write down the big children, all the twenty five percent in Moga. Not 20%, out of the seven crores, passport Sandeep is speaking, I am speaking near seven crores, the percentage has shrunk 235 likes this free life, his, her time, Singh's very best arrangement, Hindu Undivided Family, sister's name, child's name, this work copy should be made a texture patient. So that they will become different sinners, but let me tell you boldly that you can earn five percent. Now you have to understand that if many people have given it to me, now I can give it to you friends. If with you, you can earn crores of rupees.  I have a property worth 65 crores and a table worth two crores. Ad pieces, ideas, funds, shares, gold, all these things will come international, so I could tax two crores, the actress did it and I did 5 crores. What's in the property? Okay, from Rs 9000.  You understand, I am right that if these ads are worth Rs. 2 crores, if I want to earn a clear five percent return, then I should earn Rs. 35 lakhs on my total portfolio. Please tell me, do I have these ads worth Rs. 2 crores? I have an added toe worth two crores. Repeat, can I earn 10 cent return on this? Birbal 1015, tell me yes or no and before deciding on the average, I have passed all the S's on the phone at Rs. 2 crores. You people can earn under your control, I have discussed this topic yes ok juice ad is ok so I earned ten percent less on two crores then brothers and sisters I think the total is 20 lakhs 35  Naksha total, how much can I earn on seven crores, 35 lakhs, 20 lakhs, how many soft coins, up to 15 lakhs, I have to earn on real estate, so I have to earn on my real estate, brothers, sisters, how much ₹  How many fasts of 1500000 years is worth 5 crores, that is 15 lakhs flow on the bus of 5 crores, ironing is happy return and free portion is said on twitter and I related posts this  No Meaning of This Is Saying on Real Estate Portfolio or Searching for Internal President Possible A Possible People S Possible It Is Possible It's Very Nice Very Nice I'll tell you all this game I understand Rog do this much and why can't I do this  Wherever you are, I will tell you if it's okay brother, you can get all the angry birds increment done by doing some oil medical research with your toe tail, today you have reached oil sitting on three  But many of you, how come I know, you are sitting at 10, but he is sitting at 14, taking loan from this seven committee's network, that is not his thing, okay, so if you carefully, what was this second of my shunning, forget the most shocked me.  Told me to double together, if I met Rs 7 crore at 5 per cent in one day one year, then what is the percentage return in the file, I have to fold my body and t4 portion return is 44%. I took 44% from the base created by me which is very easy, the things I tell you in practice will only tell you better returns but I am telling you by cutting it completely, so at 43-44 cents, this is seven crores by earning myself.  Will you give me a partial End Jokes of Witch earned 80 crores, he had to earn me 50% of the oil, he has to earn, now he has understood that it takes the life of the old family to cross the first road.  You will add hearty good wishes, you will not send sense to the children in schools. If your white self teaches the children, she can introduce 48 Bapu, if she studies full time from head to head and if she becomes a teacher in the school, then I will tell you separately in 40.  On to the topic i.e. if I want to earn 6% on leave, next thing then I want to earn 50% in seven years, brothers and sisters, I told you that calculation, I saved ₹ 500 that it fell. If today I earn ₹ 5000 per hour, I am finding it difficult, then what if after a year I earn per hour in only three newspapers, then after giving notice, the kind of yagya will be divided by 15, which I have just calculated earlier.  But 250 brother, you had told me that how easy it is to earn crores with the factory, I want to tell you, it was a bit fun to hear this, then make it MLA or if you understand, then write it like this, so if  I understood what I wanted to say that tweet to power, weakness, that SMS is very difficult, if you understand this then you tell me, but we understand this, why don't we explain it in business because you have to buy I want you to buy, anybody wants to.  Above this monk, you can say that this whole game is telling you that you should leave earning money behind, leave your life behind, leave your life and do whatever you want, do whatever you want when you go into the present and do as per your wish.  If you do then you will earn points quickly Raees, because even if you have time, you have become a time millionaire, it is very easy to become one, stop wasting your time, start earning money, take prescriptions, you will have to do something in anger, if you get time, we will come out.  There is nothing to be done that we are the only ones to avoid, this is to fold toxic people and Twitter has to connect with intel districts, do not waste your time, time is tight, you have to add to Delhi, you have to do book and people, only then you are interesting.  Will become because you will add rally in yourself and stop doing them, only then people will star you that what will he do to a man, these friends, his girlfriend left him and someone else's wife left him, your gift does not keep on happening, it should be given to you Ganesh.  You can but you ca n't live that life. I will do this block headquarter next Sunday Guardian and get it set. It will be more part pending. Next9 Jeevan Vayavya Life Hacks is the trouble you have and how to do it in that separate chapter.  It will be a completely different thing, that's fine but this message is telling you how did you like it, now tell me this thing, how many of you have seen that movie Vinadu Tarak Prayog Winner DiCaprio who was the titular hero, his use is Stephanie Swift and I  If it is then in the Senate then write the scene like this Admin of you have seen Noda Chapter, this information is of quality and I have written it in my chest 2012 Difficult.  As much as I watch, only those who have seen it will be able to understand. If I call them a pimple, those who have not seen it will not be able to understand that so many people have watched it please and those who have not seen it, that today's film should be watched tomorrow or the day after tomorrow. I watch the movie, make notes, look at useful things, okay.  So all that in the movie, that brother does 50 things which he doesn't do in actual. Who is he? You are fine by typing this but in life definitely that work factor is not there in reality instead of saying how to do it, I do all the work. she liked it  All the sticks and besides that, 50 years of Magh ki Chauth, don't give me anything, I want to make something out of you, you will not be able to reach anywhere in life, you have to become it, and by the way, I promise that you will become it, you will not become it, if you don't become it, you will  And if you become a big loser, then your work is done, from August you became an actress, you see, till you became something, what will happen by becoming, the journey will end by becoming, now ca n't you become something further, that you are one thing. want to become  So what are you coming to read, say in Solaji on 21st, that Don's song, Main Hua Tha, Kuch Bhi Ban Jaye, Tu Aap Bhi Bhi Set Nahi Sakta Dunga, Chapter Life, Life Into You, Do Not Think That I Will Become This Government Servant, Then I Add  It felt like this, then I became DC, then I became Commissioner, then another posting came, I was eligible, I did not get my Patthar district, I just got one of Gadkari ji, that was going on.  I am also running on YouTube and said that the MLA is not happy because he is of the position of the ruling party. I am not happy with him because I have not lined up. The one who became a minister did nothing because he got the department. The one who got the department is because of him.  Tied in Doge Fest for 3 minutes, it's like that because Tej sits down, she does everything and goes to practice. These people who dedicate their lives for practice, this is also nothing. When will we be happy?  Questions will remain till why we don't want to tell anything, the characters have understood, please, the meaning has been understood, Addison and I have been able to explain it, and Hair Tasty, and how many people have I been able to explain it, like A Good Care of Not Getting Any Big Sensitivities, okay?  How many people have I been able to explain to you that till you become something, today we would like to make you something, only then people would ask that today is this question or that ward why am I the question till date no one He doesn't answer, now I log in, if you are asking me, I will put eight ghosts in the middle, my name is friends, my name is there, so now you will not speak, I am mike, answer and this is my job to go to the online store, but I am in the name of God.  If I have 50 taxes, then am I 50?  The sign may not be petrol but it is good. In reply, I am the body. If you move your hand in the body, is it a messenger? Is it God? If a hand is cut or someone else's hand is checked? Is it a human being? If you retire, it changes. That is not the answer to the question of I.  If someone does this for 10,000 years, I will not be surprised. The candidate for the post of Sapkota will do it. Okay, today there is something else but you are needed. You can answer now. Hi, I  If two after six goes straight then it's okay, if I am a father, then tomorrow you are a grandfather, then there will be changes. Okay, if I am a housewife, then tomorrow I started working, so the change is that you are the same, then it is okay, then a lot.  This is a deep question, if you are enjoying then you can understand, ok now people think that it is free to know, there is a brother on YouTube, so I should put that one too, doctor will not understand, people will nickel chop beer right notice  One of the things in this is that it is the energy which is getting exchanged, it is not in the record and people are angry in the recording. If you want to hear it on this tweet, then you can add 1.5 hours to it. They think that they are telling the time, I have mixed all the time.  Do it because that thing which was going on in your mind only for 10 minutes that you had to do professor also from your mind when you because you are on 25th Paytm you have one, what processor did you think?  You also have retention. You thought that if I talk, then after getting the training information, the deep thing that is said is not known to many Indian people in between. You have written many times, make an 18 minute video, make the content 5 minutes, hey that contact age.  You are only 18 years old if you want to take action then because what people do is that it feels good to listen to something, it feels good to like it. Like me. If you have those diseases today, send me a text and I will tell you. It is not good to listen to it, how much it unites you in life.  are you were  Most important, Ramdev ji does Kapalbharti and I watch it on TV, otherwise if I don't, something good will happen by watching him, I don't do this and after watching him, he does Ramdev ji, it is okay, once according to what is said now.  That's what happens by doing, nothing happens and this thing that I told you has to be boarded in time, I told you about the class of driver, I told you about the aircraft that gives you time, I told you and I told you that if you take even a penny of action, then you see that  i that  Time is going towards the court and many people will say, I will not let you live in a miserly manner. I am going to take you towards freedom, when you are going towards 7.4, magic on Twitter, calculations have been done by economists and Dubai Jerry.  There is no very accurate group time, the contact is in US, in India. If we apply Purchasing Power Education, then we will only need to go till the landing, our work will be done in 5 minutes in Excel, but still I have clearly clarified the location.  What do you do with Android phones? Ours is the purchasing party, NDA, which deals with the dollar there, the square top LED gets erased in America, you will get these powerful buildings, do you know what it is, so if she was saying she was a millionaire.  If the work can be done well, then it can be done even better here. I have succeeded in convincing you people. Okay, then you first come and create your own brand. Every person should have his own friends. Okay, but the software is recording.