Hello friends, today's topic is the calculation of real estate returns. People are making mistakes in the calculation of real estate returns and they do not make the same mistake in it. Some have mutual funds. I understand how if you have invested in a property and in 4 years  Its position will be formed in 4 years and every year its price increases by 10-10%, then people will ask how much return has been made, then it has become 40% return every year, 10 big in 4 years.  If 10-10% is big then it becomes 40. If you compound it a lot then it becomes 40%. It is okay if your payment plan is 2030 like many products have been launched then you have to pay 20 in 2 months and 30 when the structure is ready.  Give me another 50 in two and a half years, when the position is achieved, give me 50 at the very end, then give me more if you ever invested, 50 20.  And 30 is also 50 and whatever 20% you invested, you did not give anything for these two years. When you calculate it in Excel, you will get much higher returns. You have to apply this formula in mutual fund and what is the difference in it, read it carefully.  If you understand this thing then your awareness will increase a lot. Please share this video with people and discuss it on the group which is made up of your stocks group. What about other things if I am mutual?  I want to buy a fund, it is okay, so if I want to invest one crore in a mutual fund over four years, it is okay, so this is the time, the provision where in debt, the mutual fund manager will say that my number is of ₹ 100, so your new fixed is this ₹  Rs 100 will remain new for 4 years. You invest your money in 20-50 rupees, out of which you are giving the last 50 at the end of four years, so the market market sometimes.  Sometimes the cover will be 100, sometimes it will be 95, cover will be 100, 35 will be 150, they will not catch you a new one, real statement, this price is ur mutual fund returns and stock market because of no stock market person and immune mutual fund person, there you can say, I bought a share of a company.  Got hold of any lion from Let's Got hold of Asian Paints Any company of HDFC I will put in shares and should stick to price only What is happening in my market  It does n't concern me but my price will remain the same. Same thing is happening in real estate. If the price in real estate is increasing in the market, in the bull market it was ₹ 10,000 per foot and it became 12, 14, 18, till the position is yours.  10 There is no escalation in what has happened to you. Calculated like this. There is no use in calculating absolute returns where you are SIP in mutual fund every month.  As per the requirement, it is explained to him that the cost is averaged, but if the transit market is like this, then not at ₹ 100, your average app will also do 140 workouts, 130 workouts, I am also fine, it is an average app.  The returns that will be made will be reduced accordingly. This thing is not mentioned. Another thing is that you can use leverage in real estate. If you have your own money, then you have ₹ 10 lakh and the rest is if you loan it to him.  You cannot make a loan in a mutual fund, it is like this, you do it here, you do it there, it is a simple thing, brother, when I take an Emmy, I have put a gun on Ganpati, I have to go every day to put a gun on you.  You have to go to the gym every day, who goes to the gym, you drink it every month, you stop it, you break it, because all four things are possible, it is possible to stop it, it is possible to reduce it, it is also possible to quit, if your  Actually, I do n't want to tell anywhere in this video whether this is good or that is good, both things have to be done and something more punchy has to be done, I am saying that invest in antique furniture also, antique paintings which you can depend on.  Depending on how much money you have, how much portfolio size you want to diversify there are 60 70 different investment things including  Normally People Are Not Counting This Crypto Currency Thing In Date There's More Than That Real Things Are Okay So What You Need To Do It When You Factor In Your Investment For Real Estate Understand This Understand Long Times And  If your mind for yourself, many people from mutual funds say that you have to buy a house after 20 years, then what do you say today?  Sipa, then you will have that much money, then buy it. Hey, when you have to buy a house, even after playing this game, a house can be bought even today because the one from whom the rental will come, has taken the adjustment from the house, is it mutual in the rental?  Can't put it in the fund. How to computerize this shift? Either you are Vijay or nonveg. I am talking about statistics. I do n't do wiring making and we don't understand those things. It's okay, so theirs.  You have to keep the considerations very well that you have to put it in Excel. How much was taken? 10% increase can be a 100% increase on your amount because you have invested 10% only, so you are getting 10 on 10, that 10 which is increasing.  The price of total property is increasing. You have not given the price of total property. If you have given only 10, then here you are in absolute. In the sense, you are creating more wealth because you have leveraged it because you have to give the money, now if you invest the money you have earned or take a loan or mix and match, then it will come in the returns that if I am giving interest, now the interest which is  You see, you also get income tax rebate, so if your lat interstate is 7.5 and both husband and wife are working, then it is possible that your actual interstate can work out.  If I have taken rebate of my interest of two lakh rupees, then there is rollover in that also, I will tell you the details of how to take it in the video. If you want, how we can utilize it, I will be  Making video on date, you have to share this one with all your people and for calculations please there are enough formulas of Microsoft Excel, if there are no formulas of Microsoft Excel, then Google it and you will get many great apps. If you can join them then C.  your real  Returns because only they mess with the returns and Intel in another way. They give only two percent to the rental lead. They never take the responsibility of paying the rent as well. In 10 years, it doubles in 9 years. If in 30 years you have Took a property and the property also started at 2%, although right now the property is starting at 3-4, but even if I took two, my brother, it became 4% in 8 years and doubled in 16 and then doubled in 32 years. If you calculate then two is four, four is eight, eight is 16, 16 is 32 and there is a practical example of this, if you are a DDA MIG flat which was taken for two and a half lakhs 30-35 years ago in Janakpuri.  Okay, so his annual rent comes to Rs 4 lakh, which is around Rs 33,000 per month. Okay, so he is giving you 200% rental hill. Inflation and money because you cannot grow the economy in isolation. If the economy is growing, money is growing, mutual funds are growing in stocks, then brother real estate will also be expensive because the economy which is growing is real to make the economy cry. State is needed, people will go to office, they will go to school, population will increase, factories will increase or physical will increase, they have taken a house and money has come, they have taken another house for their children, then if that wealth comes then that  The demand will be more than that. This does not cover the aspects. Everyone thinks that wealth will be created in the stock market in isolation. That's it and real estate will be left behind. It is never left behind. Is real estate a gain? It is wrong to make this comparison with the stock market.  Or this comparison with the stock market and real estate is not wrong. Both are important. In one you get a loan, in one you get leverage, in the other you don't get it, so one is easy to buy and one is easy to sell.  It is difficult to buy, it is difficult to sell, but the value of a thing increases because of the thing which is difficult to acquire. You also have to understand that no one has become rich in the stock market. Even if you get 200% return off, your 3 lakh becomes only ₹ 9 lakh. No one has become a tycoon in 6 lakh, no one's life has changed. Various, you bought a house and that ₹ 1 crore may be worth 1 crore 40.  If I went then he gave only 40% return, he got late even in 4-5 years and if you can't reduce 40 lakhs in 4 years then you can't save it. You have to see this calculation also because if 40 lakhs increase then I will buy it. Because to buy the increased amount of Rs 40 lakh, I will have to spend Rs 65 lakh because my remaining 25 years will go to tax. If you want to see it this way, can you reduce the extra Rs 65 lakh in 4 years, then you have to see it this way. What do you have to build first? Warren Buffett also talks a lot about warranty. He also built his house in 1958. Okay, then that house is running for him, after that it is the same. Never Love, so to be free from troubles, you will have to build it first.  Page people all in the air without making base I hope I was able to become part of alternative thought process. How did you guys write and share in the comment section with your reaction? Thank you very much.