Hello friends, today's topic may be a bit tough for some people but India needs to discuss this also because in bringing such topics, I use the messages of i-tech Lord of Satisfaction and say that a little conviction is also required on the back.  The topic may be different but still I have brought a unique topic. Please like it even if you agree with this or not. If you agree then definitely write Giri Vijay Giri.  So that is also the topic to write, can they stop doing this one thing and why do they do it, I will tell and if they do top, what will be the benefits, I will tell and if you do n't want to do the rest and want to keep going, then you guys tell me, this is the era of social media. We keep sending things like this on WhatsApp and add them to our group. I will tell you two-three things to the society. What can I tell you by agreeing that we keep sending so many messages saying 'Happy World' and we are doing a lot of velvet.  Everyone has thousands of contacts. They send it blindly out of tiredness. Now listen to it completely. Don't get angry so soon. Happy Diwali. Okay, before that, Happy Dussehra, after that, Happy Gurpurva. Are you sending a happy group to your Sardarji friend or is he? Even if I am sending it, I understand that people want to become secular, what is BSP and how much security is there, I don't understand, from 29 the clock is doing a happy group among themselves, it's okay, two people are together. Why will I be happy with you? Why what has happened to those who do it? I am making a comeback for national integration but I am also talking about practical LTTE. In India, late is not a single day when there are no two festivals. Astrologer I know Ganesh Chaturthi. Meena started counting from Mahashivratri till the end, there are a lot of them, you people also know 50 button astrologers, I know 730 and they are slowly going to discover Chhath Puja.  This is also being done. You are not from Bihar and are not even doing puja. You are not even from Syria. You don't know much. You got the message and you also forwarded it. Do you know how many messages are sent and who makes all this? Designer type people don't create this data, all the companies are doing it. One, you are sending a good morning message. You want to connect with someone by sending a good morning message. I will tell you how much energy you are wasting in the next session of your life. Whom you cannot call and wish special Percentage notice Voice messages Waste oil You must have parts People whom you can call and wish happy birthday Someone in a group wished happy birthday to Amit Suppose it is okay, then there are 5089 200 people in the group and  There is a need to wish Happy Birthday Amit to those who are not friends in that group, she is also forced to do this, she gets upset that I have to do this, why are you doing it brother? If reminded, if you are friends with him, then send him a private message or call him on the phone, but message on message: Happy New Year, before that there was Happy Christmas, then Happy Lohri, Happy Makar Sankranti, Happy Republic Day, dozens and what to do now people are empty.  While sitting, I am telling that can we not give this message to each other that ₹ 5000 Preventive Health Care Education under section STD Tax rebate is available in preventive health care, which in the video we got so many test matches done, we all will get the rebate, we will get the benefit of 17 ₹ 100, these taxes can be sent through this, can we send this message that to get the Acharya report, 10 percent which is basic You pay more rent than salary, it can be less than the taxable income. Ca n't you send such a message? Ca n't the message contain something useful or something of value? Is this just right?  Because you do not have anything to calibrate, if you want to connect with that person, then you will get only these messages in which zero is spread, many people will tell me your voice of forward videos Rolls Royce that my purse is always for validation, I get it done Not being able to do it, failing is a different thing, it is possible but the intention is to add, at least it is beyond there, good morning. Controversy is a nice city because the relationships that are built on this nice city are built only on Namaste Pari Pauna Relationship series is mine, it's okay, I will touch these things in that also, reading is artificial on the contrary, they have no time, time is wasted, are you that?  Uncle-Aunty, Uncle-Father and the one who gives this message to the six partners, perhaps in order to give you some kind of message, don't send it, don't send it, maybe to some person. Go among 500 messages between him for work, this above, he has to go away to the forest, then that guilt feeling that you wished him good morning but he did not wish good morning, sent good morning to a friend every day, you did not send it to me even once, one of you  Forwarded Happy people, then nowadays it is also specialized below, it is a pic art, there are such apps by separating them, put it in it, you can also write your name below that Happy This From.  But for what Jasbir, this will end then or we will keep doing it Indian, you do this for no, it is an invasion of privacy, sending a message is of no benefit to him at all, it is better than this, send this message to someone.  After logging in, see how to apply, maybe there is some value in it, maybe there is some value in it of one percent that he is someone's child and he has children, Katju Education admissions are happening here, that you  Send this dishonor now, you can see it, but till the Good Morning message, we did not have the concept of Good Morning in India because in India, everyone in these good foreign countries does not see the sun on the day when it snows. They say good morning to you.  Good morning, good morning to you, if their morning message was not good then we would say good and say good. Hey India, everything is good. If we would have greeted you like that, then we would have thought about this. How much do you people do? What are you travelling? Read these messages. Happy Makar Sankranti festival. Why do you celebrate Makar Sankranti? Do you know that Basant Panchami is coming? Now people mean something. Keep things like torch light old 730, we have festivals, I know there are two for every day, meaning, start sending, do Happy Karva Chauth too, okay, do everything.  Friend, it's okay, then Happy Buddha Purnima Vikram, then the one who has to do it will do it, I feel that there are many people who do Happy Good Friday too, who do not have the knowledge that it is Good Friday, the knowledge will make Dhal too, Happy Good Coincidence, I don't know which one.  Someone will do it in Happy Muharram. It is okay that people have knowledge, those who do not have knowledge, then spread some knowledge in these things. This notice has its own lineage, that group is on that.  These are the things of intimacy, there is no need to distribute them to everyone in such a super specialty. You can share your well-sung patriotic song on Republic Day, if only so many things are shared blindly that someone has made it and someone has given it.  Everyone is worried about anything in it because due to this we create so much noise that a lot of our life goes unappreciated. They say that if we made this 6 minute to 1 minute video then it is our life.  From the natural well, you have to see that there was an attempt to express and then after that it was made by the human being that he has no value in your life from angry people and it is important to avoid them from relatives, those who snatch money from you, you will write with a cannon.  But those who do not believe in you that we are so attached to the world, will keep you will release that time is only that I too will add some such things in your relationship from the early stage of life. Add value and invest and get interest from ten-fifteen-twenty people like this. You will see a strong defense of Union License to Kill. Practical information for the month will increase a lot. You will start seeing focus in life. You will start seeing space.  You will know everything, I have done a little thing to show people's sentiments, how did you like it, please write this video, thank you very much.