Hello friends, today's topic is Choosing a Career for Girls Channel. This is the first topic in my children's cricket series and I have chosen to do this with girl children, so this video is for the girls of 18 to 25 years, who are our daughters.  Those who are there must watch it, their favorites must watch it and those who have sons must also watch it because the land has to come to you too, so everyone watch this video and share it, it is a very big topic, I am a regular in it.  I am going to give only these Buddha videos in this, so if you like the trailer, then I will make a short one on this later, I will do two-three videos on historically girls and ladies, which is the current time in the world, this is the first time.  In Terms of Quality In Terms of the Rights Activist and Fun Ka Loha Enter which situation is it? In our own country the practice of Sati was going on two hundred years ago. On the day of Adi, on the 35th Lord William Bentinck had polished it, so today the maximum number of rides are given to wardens and ladies. Even in India, the maximum number of rides given to the ladies in pet list is the maximum today. So, are our mothers, sisters and daughters the most rides today?  If it is acid then we will discuss these things today while taking to the topic how to prepare for the girl child day so first of all we will come  There was some old song, Yeh Mera Dulara, he will make the world famous, we are already the president of our country, the boy will do it, now the girls are making the name famous and my problem is the contacts who make the name famous. And I would like to give a few delete votes first. Am I a mature girl or daughter in Natho or am I an anti- man? In Hero, I see things as they are in Wipro. I do n't believe.  There is no need to waste so much time on the glass, as if the glass is half full or you have eaten more. See the thing as it is. It doesn't matter, the most important thing is that if you raise children of special girls, then you should  Don't tell them like this, ' Brother, especially mother, you are interested in something, yes, she will make bread, I will go'. This creates in the mind of the girl that her whole life depends only on her guru to get a job, if she doesn't get a job, then she will have to do it.  making rotis  If you have to make more bread, then it is a lowly job. Our entire society is engaged in making daughters equal to boys. There cannot be a defeatist and disorderly approach because daughters are here and sons are here and we, the daughters who are above,  They are busy in bringing them here, we felt that they are very influential, what should the society do, they have to bring the boys at par with the girls, only then this country will progress, only then there will be happiness and peace here, girls.  She has become a fighter pilot. The last male question in India has also been bridged. Now girls are doing everything. Plus, girls can also give birth to children and can go to Nepal, which is not possible through arrangements, so girls are above it.  Step to do this again and again a cooker no one should need to argue will settle topic should be and we on our and same thing you are happy girls how to get sucked girls In this, there are very big things in parenting also, I was that series on Netflix, Crowd, one of the series is the market in that, Sir, the Prime Minister of England, Steve Davis's limit, Pichopa, I don't do all these jobs, only the white, you too, Fateh, smart, that suitcase.  As she was opening her clothes, you can see that the rest of her husband's, I saw it and read it from inside, I liked it, I said that whatever God has given inside the girls is Venus.  They say that the element balances the world that if every man becomes everything, then that planet Shiva should leave peace, that means Sangh work will not work, there will be so much dirt, but we do not want to do this thing in college and ladies will go up in jobs in the cherished meter.  Those who present themselves like men are to be appreciated, that is, they have their own feminine issues, which is creativity, which brings coolness, that thing is disappearing from the society and the same thing is being transmitted.  There is a situation where girls start looking like boys, start speaking and become fit, then this can be a topic in itself, you must definitely do something related to this, I will leave this and after that, I am the first board for the job.  But women have to do 100 per cent job. I am not telling girls that they should not do job because in India, the number of girls who can do job at the age of middle to sixty years and can be happy is only 19.  If it is only twenty percent, then it is not eighty percent. This means that the growth that could have happened in GDP is not happening. Female participation in developed countries is 1550 percent of the work force, which means almost equal work. So let me give you a small example, let's say two.  There is only one wife who can match the shroud for one's child or another wife's match for one's child, and a magic specialist is the last one who is its specialist.  If this physics poly child comes to read the fidget and takes ₹ 4000 and this match is water, he comes to read this question and from this ₹ 4000 and this is a bank transaction, then net translation. Do you know, then many people say this.  Otherwise do n't give me the money, I will tell you, you increase mine, but if we did construction, there would have been a growth of Rs.8000 in GDP, then there is a home-made recipe which  The lady in the house works, if we ask her to be late even for Rs 20,000, she is running the entire house, eating, washing clothes, going to eat, sweeping, mopping utensils, ladies, I am a middle class family class audience, so how much work is there apart from that?  That is, if the price of that work is put inside 20 thousand, then there may be water retention but no husband will give, okay, so there is a strange button that ladies should come into the work force so that they can have kidney point and their  One should have courage so that if there is any opposition, the most important thing is that you have to do the job, so I will tell you some factors to choose girls' jobs for the job, I will tell you whether you have to use coffee or not, now I will tell you the effective ones.  Those who are very important who do not come in concentration are the 5th missing after the stability of players that this is very important, we are giving jobs to such our daughters by sucking them, they will come from here.  From here she will go, she has got this government job in which you have put troubles in her life and she is putting it in her own life. How to get married, so that she becomes happy first, her name will be proud, this is my daughter, officer, but daughter, very good things.  I have not made Kevada, but you have to see that it will be the last posting, that her husband will be doing two jobs, if someone is a house husband, then you have to marry him. The husband who works, his wife can roam with the one who does not work, but  They  I used to be afraid that I am a girl, she is roaming around, her husband does not do any work, this never happens with her, who will raise the children, when will the children be there, how many will be there, then you people, we speak as they speak in Haryanvi that day, Natwar delivery.  The period of that element is the mother of the friends' girls because it is clear, look, there is no way to become a boy, who is not made of girls and it is clear, to be very happy by becoming one because the responsibility is less in that also, it is okay, otherwise, if you serve there, that is okay.  so you that girl  That the mother will again have to stay with the girl because she does not have a husband and the girl is now somewhere else, so the father of the girls, we, the girls, do not run after making too much name because your lot is going to be ruined because of this.  It will be very strange to hear that I am giving a tablet to the people, he is telling what is going on in the society from above and I will tell the solution and idea in the next video. If people had understood this video properly, if they have become very judgmental, then many of them started coming like that.  so what nonsense do we understand  It is not coming, all boys and girls are equal, we will follow this approach, not only June, how is the audience, so I am, that is why I am telling the template, I am telling the points of discussion, are you telling the points of meeting, I am telling the points of thinking.  Have you ever wondered about these points, can you be happy with the fact that the girl was 18, she taught, passed the exam, got a job at 24, but everything  Our light is light, we have not got sleep, no, like this, so this is positive, please second, you want to see it in the job, it is against fighting, are many people trying to hurry up the children and get set somewhere, not the children, the receptionist is engaged in maintaining one.  There is no opposition to the job for ₹3000, the job is for 25000, it is okay, there is too much real estate inside, I myself feel that many girls are taking the job, their leaves are 25000, some 30,000.  Will he ever get a salary? Call me, I said, you have to buy this property, but tell me how much about it, when he knows, nothing happened, talk to our head, only he, you have no voice, he is late with Rs 15,000, any friends call.  After making the call, I tell my daughters, brother, find out about your product, is it not that Jatin has earned profit, he would be earning Rs 45,000, if you get some information about it.  If there is growth then in this society there are a lot of daughters next flight, give them the message 'Monday not stupid' that you guys don't like to do this, then if you have a daughter, don't put her in such a 'Monday', send her to a reception somewhere, I am Dignity.  I believe in labor in the end, neither am I a feminist nor am I based in Meerut Cantonment, I am telling that according to me, both are against the society which wants to try one gender over the other. Both of you are equal, you parents of girls will not be desperate for jobs, but this does not mean that the preparation for IAS exam is going on, it is advanced till this year and that too, it will be different, okay, there are many jobs.  They are unlimited at a particular level, so it is not that they are running after them, this will come in my second and third video, so the second thing in this is that running after all this, then peace will go to the centres, okay, this is a very  Big  All the people in the center are suffering after respect. They should get tickets for all this and because they need jobs at this time. The society told us that here you will become a wasteful person running after peace. If you get peace then you will get respect because there is a lot of peace.  It is not on the face of some people, it is on the face of some people, people like them and also respect them, then you have to go after peace, this should be a factor as to where peace is in which job and in that.  If there is learning and the skin is set then you can do such a thing that you can do 5 things and if you are pregnant then you use it for three days, then when the child is small then you are doing only one thing and after that when the child grows up.  Then you make 5 bites, this is the thing, I can make second third fourth videos depending on how the value of this video is received, so in this you have to remember that we do not have to run after respect, we have to make the girl free or  For others, it becomes a big thing, give the girl some kind of job, she can definitely do the job, whatever it is, but you have to see the element in it that if the girl has to get married, there will be problems like family in front, which is a prerequisite requirement of our society.  If it is there, then you will have to see these factors in it because most of the girls do jobs and are left out. Have you ever felt that I have seen this record for the last 25-30 years that one of the girls tops the picture and passes.  The percentage is much higher than the boys, so Shani is at the same level as the boys. What would have happened if it was a matter of getting a job, then the boys would have raised flags. What happens to the girls, the girl does not want I Hate You because the quota is not reached.  Can't live alone, can't do coaching and Lok Sabha, so it means that girls are inherently suited to do some things, if they are pregnant, then let me tell you first that she has become a fighter pilot.  So there is no doubt in equity, the issue is whether she is happy, is respect important in life or is happiness important, both are not found in actual or this is also not an effect and the last thing I would like to tell is that marriage is on time. Give that girl twenty-four to twenty-five years of age, people say no, you are not out yet, you will get some job now, how do you get married now that this boy is not going to read your daughter's book, what is the problem here?  If I tell you, here I will give a little canteen type approach about the parents of girls and the disclaimer is that my daughter is not the one that I know these other people, I have only come from heaven, okay, what is the problem of girls in this, the girl was G-30.  Will you do their job? No boy, he is the one with 1.5 lakh bird's feathers, someone told him this, some girl used to say this, this is my land, this is his job, I will marry the one with 25000 rupees, poor boy and he is worth 1.5 lakh in this.  He must be working or he is ready to marry someone who earns zero and he who earns thirty thousand. If you understand this then please tell me that you don't care about the girl and boy part, if you are doing associate day.  If you are crazy about this thing, please like it. If you have not subscribed the channel then please do more good videos. The people coming on this have a big problem. The girl of the society and what else is the girl, she starts doing good things.  Jaaye to lipon bolta hoon I don't thing solitaire means a hybrid vote choose collection girl starts doing good things 27 year old girl would be such a very well in the life is everyone ₹5 has become sleeping letter in corporate life Agri fresh arhar qualification very good and seasoned  In very well, now she wants a boy of 3 lakhs, her date does not become a millionaire, she finds a boy of Chetna's knowledge that 3 lakh boys are the first life, do you know who he is?  There are plots whose registration is done first, by the time you want it in the market, the sunlight is checked, which is a good flight, then there is the lion, by the time you have gone and then some of them are already booked.  There are people in front of me, which I am not talking about, all these people are doing it first with their children, if they get transferred, then even after seeing the tension, they get married and think that yes, he will do well because somewhere or the other.  Luck, when the same thing as untouchability comes,  If Dwarka Express is built, then it is worth Rs 10,000. The first seven thousand rupees will be spent. So the point is that when there will be clarity in life, Vicky is a thing, it will be rated, then other girls will miss the train. But what about marriage in this matter?  Marriage of everything will give happiness. Now people will take some topic very well in this whether children are everything. Okay, so such topics are going on, I do not believe in it because my channels and family are all about it.  Peace is in your house, peace is in your family, peace is in the chest below, you have created it by doing service and giving birth to children, rules below have nothing to do with you, you are getting respect by doing a job, this soil has nothing to do with it, the universe tells you children. Today we have created a role that if we want to have children then we should get married, that is the role of the society, take the role of thousands of years, like marriage is a poor old institution then the children below said to have children, the society said if we have to get married then we should have children. This is how I want my children to get married.  I go along with the fun and marriages are not my own or those mistresses do not come. It is a big factor in asking her what job the girl is doing, marriages break up. I am a marital counselor, I am telling the things only after closing my shop, to which the doctor himself said that brother, do not get diseases.  The benefit of having a love affair is look after, these are the diseases and I am saying brother, may your marriage be good, may your daughter's marriage be good, it is okay, so her career will have to be chosen carefully, otherwise the whole family will try to make that girl's job.  Mother-in-law, mother-in-law, mother-in-law, father-in- law and happiness will not come to anyone and such a person will not get a job for Rs. 1 lakh because daddy because power is in the market because how many are getting jobs for Rs. 15 lakhs. It is okay in India so girls are included in this. What should I do, what is the thing for happiness, if you like it here that you are connected, then please comment to me and tell me, please make three-four more on this, I will open my heart and share whatever you want on this.  I have data usage point, I join and do counseling by taking money. I will also tell you for free on the tube. If you like this video and subscribe and I get good feedback, then I am like this. I have suppressed all the information I have about what is happening in the market, exactly what should be done, how it should be done, I promise I will share it in three videos 15 15  I will make two or three more videos of 20 minutes each and out of them I will also make them for the housewives who are married, what should they do, what should they do, what is an ideal setup, what is a good balance, where the money should be seen, I am missing this so much.  One thing we should know is that we want money, we have a job, that's why we don't know how to earn money, so we know that to earn money by doing a job, we play a job, that's why we don't know how to get involved, so remember this, actually job is not important.  Girl  It is important for a girl to have an earning base so that she does not have to depend on her husband, her life does not become frustrating, her self-esteem remains high, her individuality and dependents remain intact, this is the requirement of the girl 's parents.  If you believe in this then you have to click on it, I will make a video, this request is that you listen to this entire video with an open mind or I will get fit.  Thank you