Hello friends, today's topic is that our ladies and oil mothers are choosing the wrong career and half of them are not using their career at all and I will explain this phenomenon, I will tell you how historical you can tell in the comment section. Write a very important topic, who is married, who has a daughter, who is married, who has a daughter or who is going to lose it, okay then it is all the districts, no one is left, okay so everyone  This is a very important topic for me. Let me tell you what mistake is happening and the mistake is in the statement which I am also going to tell. Man and woman are equal, boy and girl are equal, man and woman are equal, okay, now in this statement you Before people become fearful and think that I am going to talk about MCB, I am going to talk very deeply, okay, this is something that needs to be talked about, what I need to talk about, no one was doing it, okay, then this is the problem.  The problem lies in this very thing that our daughters are less than our intersection. This problem lies in this that all the boys and girls are equal, all boys and girls are not equal. Man and woman are not equal. Man and woman are different, they are different. People are dying in the pursuit of equal.  She is not equal, she is different, I am not at all, which one is better for you, if you want to hear it from my mouth then I will tell you that women are better because they can do all the other things. Man can do plus, can give birth to children, can bring life, can take the world forward and can take this universe forward, then women are better, if you want to be heard or you want to remain in the cycle of better and equal but.  I will speak still want to be arrested to my stand of state man and woman and different videos. If we understand this properly then only this problem will be solved because this problem came because of this. Now you understand that we have asked that men and women are equal, then the fathers of girls have their own style and Hanuman that now we have been brought up like a boy, will he make them famous like a boy or will they open up an affair?  What is going on, I am saying this, if the press was doing the right career selection, then it is okay, then in our childhood class, I see that one person with me was an intelligent girl, who was more intelligent than me, where are the marks which were higher in the films.  He checked Facebook.  I have seen that till now nothing was available on live-in, if I had reached somewhere then maybe I would have got it. I put it in during the research time, first I did it with myself and then I did it with many people that these girls of ours used to eat and get tops. Our girls who are always famous, this news breaking news, till date only 10th results have been declared, girls have again defeated the boys, 12th results have been declared, girls have quartz percentage but no further transfer, champion wants girls to eat 18 block ice is out of it that if there is a job after coming at 18 then there are 18 and you understand that shift of 832 people, why is there not 1640 shift, why is there not 2030 because the first thing is that every girl is right to do the job and if  So what is the purpose of telling openly today, because I am Virender Sehwag, like in cricket, it is okay that the semi of this group is fear not worry, surprise was.  Looking and White Well, it's okay, so friends, earn ₹ 90 for ₹ 300, it's okay in Multan, so listen carefully, if you feel bad, I am telling the society that girls are mostly given jobs, there should be some kind of marriage and there is no expense in the marriage.  Be it a satellite, astrologer's marking, which family counselor will come, percentage value investment, festival, 36 things, if these things are fine, then I am telling you this after thinking very carefully to ask for something like this.  How am I saying that girls used to do such jobs, we even got them installed, you see, you know your work, that is, the boys have to get it done, don't get it monitored, and that first one is from a high society, I have even heard people saying this by mouth.  I am telling you, it is not my words that girls who work have a flaw in their complexion, their complexion becomes lighter, Govind's height increases, I have heard that Cheer Girl Kunwar King and Satisfied 254 End  Muzaffarnagar Shared I don't know, I don't believe in these things, I do n't know, but I have heard this not once but many times, so the push is novel, even to show for food, so when the job is the man, it sucks like this.  He is doing that if he wants to show me, then his sustainability is not there, that is and the time print is there, Noor Jahan, you are running in the circle of equal, you have made girls chartered accountants, now some such work is done in chartered accountants.  Those who are brothers between man to man, transaction of money, liquor party at night, bonhomie business, this does not work for girls, can they become a chartered accountant, a girl can become a fighter pilot, she is made up, can fly a fighter plane, she is a very good pilot.  They raise questions better than boys, sustainability and the career, it is not the capability, they will reach the moon and they will become smart and even ad, that's when it is not a subject.  So the first thing is that it is a right but there is no one to tell them how to do the job. The second thing is that they do the jobs much better than the girls. The society is concerned about the men because if they don't do it or if they do it then it is theirs who do it.  Without them, they do not get as much living space in the city as the women who work below them. I believe that the situation is especially bad in the government. We think that if a woman gets a government job, she will take child care leave and maternity leave.  She will go on her own time, will not work, will become sister type and that means her attitude should be visible and she will not even be able to bowl, she will be able to dance and that means these kind of people have misconceptions, women are crying a lot, even government women, tell me if you are a government woman then resignation.  You don't get a man from this man's world. Even today, you call and do shots. You don't get any girl from that nation. Well, you can't call without the man's consent, that's why now you will say, you are 11.  What video is he making? Spreading this in the court, I was the first to tell you, you can also watch my old videos, I am for all women, running, I am not a single word, running and working are different things because it's hearing can happen.  In Various Places By the Person Who Wants Every Day aFemale 210 Money and What Little but Not for Profit Okay that's where I'm going to go but  Jobs and receptionist who is the lowest minded repeated nothing in which she and others will have to do more if they do n't feel like their family Interesting and property effect What product do you have tell me how much don't know ok carpet area nothing  Didn't know talk to me rs.15000 salary everywhere rs.15000 do n't eat anything and all very happy thinking helps girls press this video if you like it like this This vote is going on, you are liking it very much, you have given me a medium sized small job, don't worry, I am worth Rs. 25000, fix it and later release them and research bill. Catch up to you 2535 people that this is no tooth.  Career This is No Career 259 Career Gonda District Jobs You are Winstead Stupidly and He is Showing Diarrhea Job Engaged for Marriage This Society I  I am feeding bitterness, saliva and Neem laddus, I know that Anil's laddus are not eaten, I am giving a hint, I am also giving a solution that in the NDA solution, there is a little more space for you then it is candy amber webinar action also in a big  Things Also: I am helping the teachers a lot. Well, I personally feel that 99.90 cents of the teachers who teach in primary schools are women.  The desire to get very heavy passes makes an illiterate literate, a child who doesn't know anything about A for Apple B for Ball, teaching him pieces, then it feels like depression, interrogation, food and geometry, coordinate geometry tree, teaching all this is very difficult.  Educated child is easy, picture is summer and the most money is those who are in dog or illness while those in nursery are those who earn more money because patience is not there in WhatsApp reply testing madam i.  An upside down toilet madam ad purpose ever go not just in the class and in KG and first to see how the teacher handles you, one child of her own is not under control, she can control 30 children, 40 children, she has to be under control Anveshi Award Salary Cigarette Society  Who will increase the salary of those like us, the school fees are so high, there was no salary for the teachers, till the time no one asked about the money, everyone asked the builders, have you invested money?  Your payment plan was bad, your son is not well, you did not tell me when you did not plant the tide, people have big minds there and you pay Rs 12000 14016 on your child's fees, till 2018 you don't even ask what you are getting, I remember that teacher.  If the job done is not good then from where will the society progress because when the teacher's wings are sugar then the teacher will become a teacher out of compulsion and the teacher will teach out of compulsion and then the teachers and ladies will become teachers. Ladies move away from the free teachers to tell Venus and Moon related work according to astrology. Venus and Moon related are related to women. Nowadays, this Amazon app has come and things come to the house by pressing a button, but there was a time when you ladies were those.  So listen, there is nothing to be shy about, undergarments were very private, everyone knows that undergarments are also a man's thing. Selling this makes me laugh, I don't even know how to laugh, or women can see some things, that means under garments and I am telling you wrong, so you tell me friend, now tell me that ladies' lipsticks are polished, they are ladies' own very own.  This is the work that is dedicated to the Ladies of the Ladies Point. There is such a big idiot in this world that by coloring something pink and sending it at a cost of 20 cents, saying  Ladies item is modern, sometimes it applies to every thing, paint the shoes, pick a color on any thing, what kind of pin is it, the thing can be sold 20% more expensive to you, rice is fine for the girl students, words, vehicles, some viewers, women have more hearts. I am telling you that from inside I feel that something is wrong with them, that the woman who works is crying, then she does not get support from religion, her aarti is not performed outside and she always feels guilty.  It is said that see, your children become INS Time, Newton becomes Newton, don't know whether they become Chacha Chaudhary, if you stay at home and you go out, then there is a compromise, there are many issues, not in one video.  All can be done, you can also understand, okay, career has to be chosen properly for sustainability, a 22 year old woman, this year's woman, 24, 25 year old woman can work till 75 years, 50 years.  You can have a career or work in which you can have 5, 10, 15 years, even if you remove the child, it would still be 35 to 40 years, but I am not thinking of a suitable option, now in the beginning I was thinking of deleting the marriage and delaying the child for another 35 years.  If you sit in the house of builders, then you are not married or have children or something else like this, there must be something wrong in life, then this video will tell you which friends and to what extent it has touched you, please hit me.  You will tell me whether you would like to discuss this more openly because I will tell only whatever my audience wants. The bundle of knowledge should be opened only to the extent where there is a buyer or an appreciative listener, so I would like to know through this video. If yes, then I want to tell such a career to the ladies, my mothers, sisters, daughters and to ma'am I did not whistle and said, I am also a doctor and understand this mechanism for  It is very important for her to earn wealth in the future because being dependent on her husband's money is not going to make even an industrialist do such aarti in life. If you do a job, the husband will say that she doesn't do any favors and if you don't do it, she will say.  Do it okay, the leaves have their own attitude, in the form, father has to give a gift to mother, he has to give a gift to his sister's child, he has to give something to sister and brother's child, then when you have to ask for money from your husband and he asks, okay.  For this, I don't give solution to my mother. And I feel like submitting. Your wife will buy something for your brother's child. It is also a fact that your brother's men are listening. Okay, I mean your brother-in-law or Women's hearts themselves beat for all these things for their brother-in-law's child and they come to support the man while maintaining a relationship. Men are busy in their own world. Okay, so it is very important for a woman to work, earning money is very important but she  There is no sustainability in career, that's why they leave it, some leave it in the beginning itself, due to hormones, some leave it after reaching the child stage, some do not get further support and the reason is that where they want to make progress in their career, they leave it. You have a small child, you are making breastfeeding videos on YouTube in Bhopal, it has become a career, where are you, what are you doing, you are selling children's toys, you are selling some dolls of girls, you are selling suits and sarees.  you lipstick nail polish  The franchise of the heroine, who is earning money for herself in the circle of ladies in her kitty party circle and is having fun and is not taking any stress. This woman who wants to be equal to man, brother, man's world is Ruthless.  The market that is there was earlier cut with a sword, now it is cut with other things, only the blood of Kamdhenu is visible, do the Computer World Bank, you will not say, we are equal to humans, then do 41 in your life, then a little bit. Then they will be sitting at home. On this, the choice is between being equal to the man and sitting at home, it means that the result is better than the office, then it is not that leave the man, give all this, think about it and don't know what they do, they are ignorant, they are rapid.  They have a mission, they have power, they have power to play all these games, now you will enter into women's world, there will be no worldly balance, women should be kept as good as a toka, everything is like cotton, fennel is coming, some paintings are all New clothes are coming for the children, okay, so pay attention to all those things, you guys should talk about the song somewhere, everything is equal, you are demotivating brother, at 18, she works in India and majority of the ill employed Biloba are at teacher level.  I did not even call the teacher very low, you also put him at a low level, so whatever is below the middle level, if I ask the women here of improvements and lower middle class, who  Women whose husbands earn less than Rs 3 lakh, how many women work, do n't even pay five percent that I feel like sitting at home and writing a cheque, watching Netflix, husband gone to office, children to school.  Gone, the broom and mop melted, then a phone call and then Netflix, just show me a little fugitives in the evening, I am chatting with both the sides, I am also telling you that there is compulsion on both the sides. Okay, so this is a man who can play chess from both sides and understands the total picture, because when he starts getting taste in it, then start crying, oh my mother-in-law did not support me, oh this.  My husband was monitoring me, I was flagging, I had done double at that time, it is important, I did that, I did B Tech, I did it, then there is nothing else, now do it, why do you start getting taste, right?  Brother, if you want to earn money then  The bush comes out, okay, I hope I should increase the number of subscribers because I get more blood in my mind and talk like this, so that people feel more like this, if he is doing it like this, then I should do diplomacy, tell me all these things in practice quality.  If you want please tell me practical teams, then write P and Diplomacy OK, then that will not be able to be done by me, then the things themselves, when I too have changed, then what should I do, Main Ji Ke Kya Karoon Song  Isn't it Hmm Pipalkhut changed but if you want such videos with practice quality then please write in the comment section. Leave it in your respective family groups. It's definitely okay. Many more sit empty 50 55 60 Brother, what will we do now in childhood 35 Loot the wealth from the year, it is okay, no one will say because he will make the syllabus of the house bigger, food, worry about the children, that is why many people have kept worrying about the children, like this.  And fast time is okay, it is okay to gossip at the right hour, then down below, watching these saas-bahu serials, all that, we have made a program, so I don't want the Indian ladies to sell suits and work for their lives, do they grind towards you?  May you get freedom from job, may your family life and married life become very good and your husband has to be given tea in the evening about the diseases that are going to come in 2015 because he will breathe a little longer in his job if you give him your all.  I will take that poor guy's age will be 60 years, so what is your problem in this thing, maybe you can start some good business and he will leave his grinding job and join you and those husband and wife who do sour work.  There is no greater happiness in their life than this. Today I will tell you the biggest happiness at the end of the video. Even if you watch it then tell me that we have found out the secret. Okay, the secret is found at the end of the video that men and women work together.  They are husband and wife, they are very happy in life, but they keep their work in this situation. Please write in the comment section. Thank you, love.