Hello friends, let's take the family series forward. The previous study was appreciated very well, so today I have brought another new case study. This is a case study from my consultation. Two brothers were fighting over a property dispute and how they came to this end. Should Think 132nd So I have come up with that thing, based on my consultation, have started with the tablet, in a way, I am kicking my own stomach, special ok people hotspot on time  You get bored of doing the same consultation again and again and you think that by giving it to the society, it will be beneficial for someone, definitely share it, you can apply it in your home also, you can advertise this tablet and tell it to the people, first of all.  Cheez mere pas to bhai aaye hai hai and with their wives and families and a great our property dispute has been going on for the fourth year and your name has been heard aap bada clip aapke ki call kar de to aap humara dekh hai what can you do His fennel property was about twenty 20 rupees, which was found to be in his own land, so subscribe to it. Agriculture Agriculture land of his was such that it was situated on the fort road. He used to read that one, that one was of salt water and that one was of fresh water. Subscribe It was a holiday, there are different types of properties in the city Subscribe, you can think of Total Subscribe, this is my house, mine is that, it was going on like this, quite old me  If the consultation fee is ok then that sounds fine to you because even for 15 CR, go to court, pay this fee to the customers, give this fee, I said that the film will be released now but what doesn't happen will attain this, ok so I paid the fee.  If you tell them that it is in a good condition then they will be agreeable. Now I said that this problem can happen in 30 seconds. Now if the fans get sour pimple then there will be no medicine office because many times people feel that  Not that much money, so long, even one flight, land, water, disputes. Whatever you say in real life or edit question comes, it is necessary that the machine was used only once in life. Stretchy work was going on, then a person would be called with a razor.  For the consultant, I will tell the mechanic that it is okay, brother, this form is gone, fix it, now it is okay, then how much money will you take, I will keep Rs 5,000, it is okay with you friend, I don't know the machine.  When will it be okay to do it, then it's a little late and if everything is fine then A brought some, that big one, so this guy took some and the machine like Maracas started running, he says ₹ 5000 for this thing to taunt me.  Have the strength to hit a hammer, ₹ 10 is there, how much is left ₹ 4900 ₹ 90, where is the time to hit in the morning, then end, don't feel, how much time do you take in that, what is your problem, what is the result, you should see this.  I have given a full and interesting memoir, do n't think about how much time has been taken, it becomes a computer, computer also gives solution, if you write secondary for 5 seconds, then the software of that is in the garden, its value will be reduced, if you are giving the solution quickly, then this  Note also feeling episodes coming back to 10th study so they have two brothers, one elder and one younger then they are written if any two brothers are ready to come to someone to do their result then towards the relation of fifty percent battery. I explained it to him in a very simple way. I told him that the one who is the elder brother will separate all the properties of different types into two parts and make two piles and if the younger brother selects, the elder brother will say that this is a house and this is a shop.  One farm here, this shop here, this house, by doing this, he will make two cattle and after making the dairy, it is possible that he will have to pay 10 lakh cash in this dairy, he will have to curse this dairy owner to make it equal, so whatever the figure is.  tell me and the younger one It's something like if two of your children are fighting over chocolate, how will it happen if you halve it? One brother will select a Shivling chocolate and the other will select a little bit of chocolate. In this, who will get the poverty of Noida? Tell me if you like the solution.  If you understand, please like. You tell me that if it is the elder brother who is doing the division, then he is using his mind and doing the weight himself. Neither can A-pose devices make this face very big, then this. Make a small flat because the selection is there, now even after this, whether they are left with it or not, then for the problem, all the properties that are subscribed, find them out separately by appointment, do the same and you can make your note.  Do it and you do yours, then its porn and many different things are needed, there is no problem in that, if the younger one feels that he should be patient and has to select the other one, then there is no problem in that, then here it happens like this.  you are the system  The second thing that can be adopted is this and it can be extremely simple where people are located in such a place, both of us do not have to live, both are tuned to internet using dam and most objects, one is my second solution which is the second template that I am giving to you people.  It is mine, it is a mixi juicer, juicer tablet, what is there in it, look at you, you have a pomegranate in your house, okay and you have one and a half seasonal because it is derived from Adi seasonal, okay one and a half  Pomegranate is seasonal, you have it, it is fine and there is a dad, there is some danger, if you buy a small pineapple like this, then you do not understand how to cut it, how to value it, it is okay, what will be the value of pineapple, what will be the value of pomegranate, what will be the weight of useful orange rally. How will you calculate the weight? So, these are three or four fruits, take them out, put them in the mixer, make juice out of it, the whole juice is now ready, how much sugar is added to it or not?  The pineapple was pitted, you can take it out and dip it in both the glasses, otherwise it should mean that the scheme, whatever money you get, by paying fee, you make it your SS, then decorate the second one, now decorate the third tablet, when two stacks have been formed, that is, the maker has  It is made and made and then you have selected it, what can happen even after that, just like there were Diwali crackers, once they burst, it is okay, the one who sits and hides the Diwali crackers is the one. In childhood, you must have seen that you take so many pomegranates, I am my diamonds, friends, relax, after that you two brothers can play with each other again, my wife has a crush on him, so you give me that day and you take this of mine and this.  It is also possible that she will give money to me, because I am telling this, then Kamat ji said that Anil Ambani ji is Mukesh Ambani ji's house, so whoever buys a tablet worth crores like this is fine, Mukesh-Neeta does it for crores.  Ambani had to keep the school, there was a doubt of being relaxed, in his affair, sometimes emotions also come which go along with the loss, then you will have to face it again, it is not like this if someone has a wife or someone else, your heart is also beating that. I have to take only the one from my family and if your heart beats, then you will have to sacrifice time. See, the situation is favorable where there is no pollution. Okay, now many people are asking me if I will give it, then I did it there, so what if there are three.  There will be treatment for sugar also but that video will be long okay then template and whatever thing vansh ghar out how things work in life you can sell for that used attack related activities then two people's zenith two people are more Told them the template in Ka, there are many tablets and OK too but the problem comes from me financially, I will tell my contacts, I will explain to people, take pimples, mother, okay, whatever knowledge I bring. My message remains, leave work in real life to academic, ok, I have to eat servi servi, this is the difference between teacher and guru, teacher union has to teach religion, did not understand, worker in real life, guru will not do this, whatever the guru tells, that is the existence, winner, this.  Like it and don't mean that can't be told how bad it is Ghrit that subscribe to the channel video of his koi agar aapki life try it if you understand the video then you just  By forwarding it, you have to do it on the Play Store. By doing this, it creates a problem when someone like red chilli comes, when someone is physical, brother and gets home, how to do that, that house will become a separate study, what is my appointment date?  I liked this, whatever is the patience, this pimples are real people, subscribe, if you understand, then like, this kind of me, different, subscribe, my hatred, and if you become rich, then the thing of the channel, I will make you rich and  The happy-happy- rich will be happy after becoming rich, those people will id that's why I come into the network in your life. In the video.