Hello friends, welcome to my set series video number-11, I am revising this old money series. This audience has seen the first 10 videos. If you have not seen then it is a request to watch these 10 videos. There are different assets in it. Classes and trends have been discussed and in this video I am taking that series forward. Show this body to your children. There are two children of 14, 15, 20 years old anywhere.  In any school, money is not taught in college, relationship with is taught, that is a different thing, I have a separate series for that, but money is not taught at all, there are two very important things in life, money and happiness are the most important things and on these things only.  I want to set it very low, so by increasing the number of videos in this series, we will discuss at home that this is ours - this is how these Indians are with money, why is there hypocracy in our country, what was said when we said that money is not everything. 2000 years ago, there was a lot of emphasis on Vikram because the country was a golden bird. We and many others just said that we cannot relate it to its value. I would like to ask you, do you hear or say this thing that money?  Everything is not done, I would like to know from all of you in the comment section, whether everything is done, honey, are everything, are relationships everything, is a job everything?  Honor and dishonor are everything, everything has its own significance, similarly, money also has its own significance, so this is about Hippocracy, which I did my research on, so I will talk about this only after our Modern India Grandfather, why did you sip in it, I relied on it.  Reminiscence of Bollywood had a big role Reasons and Poochega But one has to sing in a very old age You did not break the silver wall A heart full of love broke A rich man's daughter married a poor man  If you leave it, then it means you are rich, it is always portrayed on the bed side. The songs that we have made are the songs that are derogatory about money, when you will hate money so much because of money, the thing that you will hate, that thing has never come, father is big.  Na Bhaiya Sabse Bada Rupaiya, Mahmood ji's song is that this money should be taken away from our loved ones. Amitabh Bachchan ji said, but the people whom we sang were not willing to earn money in their life and did not leave the money, rest of us all heard the song by singing it.  Give and 4th pillar of water will be time, there is a little bit of five villages that it has changed, but the insult of money, the insult of money, Aarti is performed on one side of Lakshmi ji, on the other side, watch the songs, money makes money, you die on money.  I will shower you with money, meaning it is not something that gives you respect and then you have completed that, first you take the Jaguar and then love as much as you want, meaning if we  We will think like this and put the relationships in this way to show that money is being bought, first of all and in this way, then we can never get enough money, so we have to leave this sticky recipe to our society that how to earn money.  But the second thing that needs to be discussed more is that in our country, I have to become this, I have to become that, I have to make a name, then more focus is being given to it and when there was a government system, that job was allowed, then we could not leave aside worrying about that thing. in jobs for today  I have to live with this, the one doing the job is a servant, he is not very great, do the job as per your wish, if you are good in life and you know that you are good, then you will not do anyone else's job, this is absolutely me.  I am not saying that you should leave your jobs or your children should stop working. I am not at all serious about that, everything has its own time but I am talking about changing one thing so that it can be thrown away from one's life.  Take out the money or whatever belongs to Lakshmi ji.  Aarti is performed and puja is done. There is a line in it, Everything becomes possible, if the mind does not panic, then it is Jha Lakshmi ji, everything becomes possible, and the mind does not panic, then this is the Times of Corbett and this is the charity we are presenting in our hands. In this, the mind is also worried and is not seeing anything possible, then it should be known and along with that, it should be known that Lakshmi ji is not worshiped alone, Saraswati ji, who is the goddess of Vikram and knowledge, is with her and Ganesh ji.  that patience  If Prince and Good Luck are their symbols, if they are cleared, then we will teach the elements of these three in our life, only then we will have Lakshmi ji's Aa Woman and a very big hypocrisy, so we have to remove it. When I start this series further, she will be very interested.  In this way, I will tell you things that due to the lack of money and the thoughts that come in between these two mines behind the money joining us, how we become deprived and it is we who deprive ourselves of big money.  It is not that difficult to turn on the person who donates even one rupee from earning money, it is not that difficult to kill the world but the reaction of the world is very difficult, so my money minded will be given on the relation part of the waste. My video was the first one to revise this.  But take the video of the series, it is of this number, those who have not seen the category yet, there is a request to them, please watch it, you will enjoy more than the Netflix series, there are short videos and the request is that those who are between 15, 20 and 25 years of age.  Share this video with those who are starting their life Tell them to subscribe China Something is from Milk Good Will Come Trophy Director Promise and Started a Co I will be Care Conducting Webinar for those who are related to chilli I  I will write it will be freed slave in a basically this which I will give only one topic and I will explain it to them and I want as many  Youngsters, they must join because by 3540 45, your trophy and their different ways will be born. Those who are children can listen to these things with a little open mind, I will discuss these things only on this IDS and you people can connect with them on my WhatsApp.  But and that I want to attend Yes Baby Naraz Side 153 Free of Cost How did you like this video, please give feedback. Thanks If you have not subscribed the channel, then subscribe and will Press the notification, if you like this then please forward the video to your loved ones and request them too. Thank you very much for subscribing to the channel.