Jhaal ok 9 m to cover my favorite topic sycophancy in job's wedding we sycophancy a psychopath in english ok so sycophancy me hamara ladli we have this entry skillful ok admit comes from a very long fast gulaami it is not fair me speak very angry  Can it be okay, there is someone in front of us who can teach us the Taylor thing. Okay, so is sycophancy a bad thing and is it a good thing for us?  One should not judge anything so quickly. We normally say that sycophancy is bad. I am not telling you that sycophancy is bad. The first thing to do is that you have to see that sycophancy is nothing but investment. You have to understand that whenever sycophancy is  If you like such investment week, then this vinegar pride is very much, I ask myself to be well-known and respected, so I am trying to speak from this period, so while awakening Guru K. I am trying to teach a thing, not for road knowledge in a perspective, it is absolutely original, like Gangotri comes from somewhere, it is the same, it is okay and that when I do not speak in every era, you saw, every time I speak, buying is not original, it is okay, it is You have to understand that some people invest in Bitcoin, some cannot, some people understand it, some people don't, many have earned money, it is vaginal medicine, many will earn, many have cheated.  Individual stars are investments. If you do n't do it while investing in Bitcoin, then don't do it. It is in your hands. Does investing in Bitcoin make me feel bad or is it bad to invest in Bitcoin? You are not so hungry that you spend your time sycophant in someone.  Basic you have to invest is nothing but time, so if I have to sycophant my boss then I should invest my time and salvation in it, then what problem are you facing if you  Don't do anything to the side, now I am currently wasting money, so like Bitcoin, I can also benefit, maybe that is the thing that can be done, so when I invested in Bitcoin and my Bitcoin increased, then you do not have any problem. If I could have been sycophantic then I would have given my time and I am investing it which is my free time, whatever time I have, this is my motion in this, if you invest my energy then I will get it, then I invested and if I don't get it, then I am a fool.  This way  Now my open question, are you a part of the society, are you troubled by the BSP, now it is telling me who will beat it, share market is like mutual fund investment, market is the subject of school, so if you take different lectures on it, then today I would play sycophancy, brother, what? How is this national, then you will put it in investment products like this, when you learn things like this, then things are always remembered, you understand, your eyes open, this is what I said in the initial  Hit the dialogue, how many people liked it, then tell me a little bit. If you liked it, it is okay to write ID or drink. If you liked explaining it like this, then please write because the more you write, the more energy the person will tell, otherwise tell it in the form of weather.  I can tell you but because I don't have a script, my knowledge has to come from within. How much of it will depend on your life, if not then it is okay, has anyone ever seen this thing? Brothers and sisters, we can do a lot of sycophancy.  love come  It has been very good sycophancy from you people and we will understand how is the edition of investment, while it is good and bad, now we will talk about sycophancy. We have explained normally that if one is made friends with the boss, then she goes with the boss in the Quiet India contest and Many hands have problems which either they are unable to do or do not know how to do or the boss does not even accept them. He used to do it. I am a lot, I want your hello, I want your flowers, your gift, yours.  The same energy and that declared by you, I don't want it, I don't want it, then you will be relieved that your doubts are not going away. Okay, so this is an investment. You have got some special returns in the boss of this investment. This is just a low set and a heavy cost of personal.  Time with family and was not permanent job quick permanent companies appointment see the service and it's very low return I spent my time with boss after 5 pm having cigarette or bread drinking tea I am saying hello, I am drinking alcohol, I am calling her at home, I am going to her house, these four are thinking that something good will happen to me, I will get a promotion, something better will happen to me, it seems like there is no guarantee and they will question Prithvi. What does it mean, it has been accomplished, now it's just that, that's the cost of time from personal growth. If that time had been spent on personal growth, you would have gone higher than many others. There are many people who are left who are group one and These were group B and C. This group also wanted seats for itself and wanted to remain in the group for the whole life. For 25 years, Button's growth profile was like this, why did he have time to see the children, teach them, explain them, and guide them? Idea will remove the SIM more than your child, will remain in his chaudharah in A group that I am very good and Aso remained in tension and has been growing in his department, service but cannot take home in the closed ongoing system, Mansabdari system Mughals.  At that time, there was a system that you used to be declared a Mansabdar, you got money, you got to study till the time you completed your studies, but your words could not take the next tension to anyone else, we worldly people, today whatever you did,  You worked for 30-40 years, you got your salary, if you mixed the money after getting it, then it was given to someone else, then this is Mansabdari system, you are the employee of Cabinet Secretary of India, when your child becomes IAS. SDM will be given that belt after seeing the exam of Joint Secretary Father Has Been Executed that I am the solution on this, he has to take the entrance test of UPSC but if you are a lawyer then you are Ram Jethmalani then your son can reach that level in 70 cities.  You can choose a job as a Chartered Accountant. Such people should not indulge in sycophancy. What if I do business with you and keep my customers happy?  That is sycophancy, this is also sycophancy, I am sitting in the shop and a customer came Panshikar, you are looking so good, madam, what will you take, this is sycophancy, your wife said her and you together, what is beautiful to her, then this.  Everything is sycophancy in which you are trying to give a good feeling to the next person by spreading your time, money, emotions and energy. He understands that you don't.  Visit a painted window You should sycophant your mother, you should be very nice, and the son was buying a car, I heard that he is taking the design, but why is he taking the design, man, I mean beat.  Honda City will remain only then, father, father sometimes calls, so subscribe now that to sycophant, the relationship and the best is better than father, which is father's, still we get it, we also take the breath, mother-in-law and father-in-law.  Nowadays, why are you not giving such sycophancy, if you remain in attitude, then I press you with the thought that I am deep in me and I am and he is, what do you say to your boss when you do it, remember this when you get a job.  If you do it, it is not charity, you are a servant, the day it is released and many people are laughing, Barricade Entertainment, Kabir is not having any, can make it that join all the way Netflix spoon button take a stand up comedy bhi 11 hai maths, all this is in some mode on  So, you cannot talk about your mother-in-law and father-in-law by sycophating and yes, it is clear that mother-in-law is mother-in-law, there is a difference between both of them, so mother-in-law, you are a good Ratna Chhabra.  etc. Last time it was so much fun, it felt very good, then it would not have been created inside you, which would have been made by your husband and would have been taken away, then you can be so sycophantic, you can act like yourself, tell me, what is the bad thing that you can say this? That you can keep them in such a good place that you said that it was to be done in a flat and your wife's name would be any name, take any name Neha Rajni, it is okay, any one, I am also taking it in her name.  So a little salvation on top of that  If you want, yes son, how much do you want, can I give? You all know, improve it, you will get it without interest and if you return it, then happy birthday, stop being insulting in front of Sharma, stop sycophancy of Bose, this country is not going to give anything and all the others.  People do jobs, finish it very much, put your energy in emotions of relationship, because of which Tiger can become stronger and come, no one can do that, that animal is the tallest in the jungle, Giraffe is the fastest running animal in the jungle.  Worry is the biggest animal of Jugal, the fattest, strong and sour big animal is the elephant but the lion is Shivraj. Share why king lion king on this earth, if I am a king then whatever I say, I am a king, fix your relationship from behind and you have become a tiger, I am your boss. Says that it is okay to tell about his relations, then there is a very special density in sycophancy, Babbar Sher, it was fun, very good, so you have to strengthen your relationship, even then you will come to know so much, your wife works, shares with you, loves you.  They give it at this time, they give love to your parents when they do it because they sycophant you, no one is giving you the land for free, even your parents and in-laws will not give you a job, you will have to do Namaste, you will have to do it, you will have to do it, you should do it.  You should not care, it is okay that you do it to the boss and do not do it to the athlete too. By sycophating the children, your child is 15 years old, his sycophancy is nothing but investment.  Why Information Hair Without Affection Time Not Able To Invest In Devency How Come A Tiger By doing all this your questions will be finished No family time Five Okay remove that Now I will cover the next topic in which I got employed  That I will tell only in what I will talk. Tell me how you liked it. Brigade Top Daily.