Hello friends, today's topic is teasing zoo, do you guys enjoy it or not, original video, original content, stay connected till the end, it is very good content, and sometimes what happens is suicide, connect D dot and you want to give a message to your audience and  There was a question from a subscriber regarding the making of this video. I will tell you that question. The question was that I have a package of 40 lakhs. Let the girl's family see it, okay?  If you don't have a house, if you don't have a house, then they are not happy. They say that the package of 40 lakhs is a house, I will buy it later, and why is this kind of greed, why are the girls like this, why do they want a house, and you know I can.  B in Financial Asset 40 Like I am so educated, this is my qualification, so I want to answer on this, listen carefully, the bird will lay its eggs only with the one who has loved the nest, whether it feels bad or whether it feels good.  Sexiest, what interpretation of non-sex is your package of 40 lakhs? Do you know that the date should be seen also? Groom up, this is your package of 40 lakhs. You are short of money. If you have not bought any house till now, in a good place, then that next guy.  How to ask because if he asks for your pay slip, asks for your salary statement, asks for bank statement, Form 16, then you will feel bad, you may have a lot of liability, your income may be only Rs 40 lakh.  It is possible that you have taken a huge loan from your parents, it is possible that your student loan has not been cleared, it is possible that you have invested Rs. 3 crores in your sister's wedding, it is possible that you are facing a loan of Rs. 1.5 crores. You are a ten-year-old girl.  Now my father is also assured that many boys are facing problems in this and it does happen and I also keep it sharp with this. Do I bat on behalf of the girls? No, am I not a friend of the boys, I am an astrologer, I am an astrologer, I show the light.  I am saying that this  It is happening and I will try to show the way that if he is doing this to you then you have no answer you can't say, marriage is also done through allotment letter because today no one will ever comment, brother of Tel.  Your job can be a security, your house is a security, without a house, without a debt asset, nothing, a salary of 40 lakhs, where is it going, oh I show debt demat.  Give 1.5 crore shares. You have done. You have one crore portfolio of mutual funds. You have got oil and plan. And brother, you will have to answer in marriage. Earlier, boys were not in the habit of answering, but now they are asked, you can also ask him.  What will a girl do? Will she get a job after marriage? How much money will she earn? What will she reduce in the house? What will she bring to the table? What will she be in every country? If you don't get the answer then don't marry her. Do you have any need? Do ask questions to someone else. The biggest thing is that until the nest is ready, the teasing is going on like a zoo. Now in India, it has just started. The job of the boys' sons is not guaranteed. Earlier, whatever marriages used to happen, they used to take place while watching the family. Earlier, that is, 70 years ago, when the boy was 20 years old, perhaps the girl was 15, 16, 18 years old, then just brother, how many fields do they have, how much land is this, how much is this and father?  And all, get married, okay, there was a time, that time is not coming back exactly but the liability and balance sheet of the boy is being checked and according to me there is nothing wrong in it but no one stops you from asking him for counter.  So you ask, you tell me that we need working, you ask, because what happens is that sometimes we are not asked, she used to say, she is a girl, what will she do, we will be left alone to sweep and mop the utensils in the house, so you Rakhi people, the boy will do the job.  If you have given the house, now there are so many packs of Netflix and all that too, one has to watch it, one has to consume the content, then you have to marry such a person, then you see, if she is such a person, don't marry anybody, let the 25000 rupees be less than the committee. Marry the one who will do it and say that you will have to do a lot of girl's, boy's girl's combo, I am telling you that this thing has now started taking the form of a disease in the society, this thing is certain, thoughts, I am so bullet on. Real estate because marriages will not happen without this condition and who am I to promote it or call it anti this is what is happening. Girls have made their list. Boys have made your list. If your boy has so many qualities.  You are rich, job is good, everyone is giving you house also, make your list in the beginning say brother and people are not talking in the beginning, I would like to make a video, this is the basis of life, bread, clothes, house, the last trade is India first.  Home Ownership in  It was not considered so necessary because normally things were available on rent. Now the rents will also start increasing and Kovind has changed the rents. During Kovind's rule, all the people who left the city and went to their cities were those who did not have their own houses. Food is almost the same everywhere. There is not much difference in cost of living. The only difference is in food and drink. The only difference is in rent and property. The only difference is in property and rent. So people who did not have their own house had to move.  So now the girl's They have got the clarity that brother, she is our girl, so we will go to the one who has the house and people are stopping her from taking it, some are taking it happily, you can also say in this that you come like this.  Half will be in the girl's name, half will be given to you, or the girl will give, the other half will be given by the boy. Do any system, do not spend money in marriage, do any system, create date, date, date, nest is important at this time because in the times to come, there is a lot of churning, there is a lot of job churning.  is and  There is a lot of uncertainty, leaving one place and going to another place. Thirdly, in all this instability, one thing is that the clock is stable and once your home is somehow established, then the couple does not even struggle, the marriage goes well, this is also a fact whether  That discount is for BHK, it is 75 lakhs to 60 lakhs, I am talking about big city rates, if I am talking about small cities, cars are 40 lakhs, 35-40 lakhs, wherever you work, they are  So you will have to take the bird, you will have to take the nest, the bird will not take the nest, the bird will not be found, turn 30, turn 35, start crying, now take so many words, they are greedy, they are greedy, they are greedy like this, they are greedy here, they are greedy, yes yes. Now tell me what to do, you tell me, now he is greedy, you earn, then now you are being cheated a lot because when the barn was being milked, a boy was born and he is the biggest in India. What was the meaning of a boy for a boy? Being born a boy is the biggest achievement. The brother has become our son and I come from Haryana. You will see the audience now in Haryana, being a boy is like an extremely, it's like it means a silver medal.  Taking gold is a child, now look at the Commonwealth, Haryana has taken the maximum number of medals, so there is some power in Haryana, it is okay, all its sons have got gold medals, all of them have won, good rest, next status six is ​​next higher than that, meaning Punjab.  The one who was next to him took only punches, you also take punches, but here in my house, play out this thing, thoughts, same, know this fact, boy, girl's boy, girl's boy, I tell people again and again, boy and girl are not equal.  It is a boy and a girl, it is not equal, it is not possible and there is no need to do it, a boy and a girl are different, so if you are a boy and someone has a girl, then there is a different thing, there is no equality, but the point is that brother, that system is needed and any man is a matter of demand and supply.  It's the boys who throw tantrums first.  Do you know how common the dowry system was in India? Now take that reverse dowry system of yours or whatever you want, take the demand supply, the girls will be more educated and more sophisticated and the boys are not that much or that ratio is coming you.  The number of feticides that took place in the society, especially in North India, in comparison, those born in the early 90s and what business was run here because that sex ratio  The government itself used to call her time as 700 and her time as 800. Actually it was only 500 at 7:30. So she is having shortcomings. She is not a daughter. She is not a daughter. So brother, in the greed of daughters, in the greed of sons. Sorry, she has many daughters.  If it has been done, then somewhere above, it is the one who is doing it, not everyone, I am painting here, everyone should get angry, I am giving a message, give a message. Boys are like this and everyone did like this, you know everything and that is the time, this turning takes place in the society, it should have been known that what was happening 25 years ago in 1992, is happening in 93. So those girls who are four to five years younger than you normally marry, so now they are missing girls, they are missing girls from 9495 96 97 98 99, so here when the girl is this  Then the girl will say that it is a simple matter of giving a house, now if you want to get it then do it, if you don't want to get married then don't cry, why do you ask for this, do this, earn like this, then if you want to do it then do it, but people don't like talking like this in the society, it is a problem.  What is this, what I told you about making a nest by spending less money in a wedding because an expenditure of Rs 50 lakhs in a marriage is a very common expenditure, if you add it to a party, it is a very very common expenditure, it does not mean much. Is this ok? So can it be saved? Can it be stopped from 50 to 8:10? And those 40 lakh children, can some of those couples be seen and taken towards their nest? In this way the question is yes.  And put in 'Idea is Good'. If you like this Idea is Good then please write 'History Good' in the comment section. Thank you.