Hello friends, today I am sitting outside and saw a bird and a monkey. So, let me tell you a story from which you will definitely learn in your life and you will enjoy. The story of the bird and the monkey. There was a place in the forest where the bird and the monkey lived on the same tree.  So both of them used to do their own work, the monkey used to do his own thing, the bird used to do his own thing, then the bird went to his country and slowly made a nest in his house, then when the rainy season came, he was in it.  The monkey was a monk and the birds used to enter their nests along with their small birds and eggs. Only when the time of turmeric came, the monkey used to roam around and the bird used to go, now they were neighbors so it was like Jaunpur.  Live nearby, so the bird thought of giving knowledge to the monkey. Okay, the bird told the monkey that if it rains, then the British will soon come and if winter comes, then it will remain cold.  Seeing him speaking, I am such a small bird, this bird is sitting down here, I am such a small bird, look, I have made my house, I live comfortably and peacefully, God will give you two hands and legs and there is much more. Songs I Don't Make Your Own Small Home Shopping To Protect Yourself The monkey got so angry when the monkey saw this small bird, it has no status, I don't have much knowledge, this monkey  Picked her up and broke her courage. Now the poor girl has gone down the stairs crying. You don't have to hire a butler to settle your nest again. You are breaking the monkeys and not giving advice. These monkeys in your life can be in your family.  It may be in the office that he is the one who will never do anything but after seeing your example, he can mess up your life, let me explain it to you a little, now you understand, never ever give.  Knowledge related to tailings and pimples, I have done this in shares, how is my portfolio, my mutual fund is like this, you immediately come roaming around the country, I share my money here, here he saves it, you don't buy a car, you do something  And the cost for such expenses is also very high. You will face conflicts in your life from your closest relatives and friends. Those in living life are the ones in love life. Rumors in life are not like you, so you are doing something like a bird and doing something for yourself. They are like monkeys from here.  From there, here, here, the pudding is fine, the vaccine does not go behind, which is Patna, the monkey has to do his duty, he is doing it, the moral of the story is that the bird does not have to give knowledge to the monkey, you do not need to tell him what to do, as much as he  It is okay to be scared when he is dying in the winter or he is getting wet in the rain, then there is no need to tell you. Make the monkeys in your life laugh because whenever you give a device to someone and he is in such a situation.  provides energy from This reduces your white a little, one life of life, this is our slightly deeper video, this is okay, this is a deeper video, it suddenly came and was sitting here, sister, make it for the higher audience, come on our own daily basis, we are but a little life.  -Reduce force because there is jealousy and Jessica Rabbit, it is not necessary to directly attack when the human being who is a monkey, example of the previous attraction, will not break, will not harm you physically but their  If it will be in the insensitive way, then if you are sharing knowledge with your boss or you are sharing knowledge in the office that I should do it like this, then you don't know that your excise duty will be charged along with you and at what level people will start climbing their fingers and  Lips cry and this is very important in this. Send it to consultants like us that if you give us the knowledge then who will buy it from us? Sell the knowledge to the buyer who will always respect you. Someone needs a letter monkey.  Approach officially professionally that maybe now he wants to sleep peacefully, then give him knowledge and professional and even at that time, while giving knowledge, you do not need to give it to me, there is never a need to do it to me, what are the struggles of your life.  What was the design? What were the goals? What was the calculation? But can't be replicated by anyone else. Question: Giving it to a cell phone professional. What do I like about living like? What is good about others?  Definition will change so whenever knowledge is given on professional, that person is put at the center and best advice is given to him accordingly. Short note that Divyanshu Bandar Identified Top Bandar Military Life Which Have Encountered and Have Encountered Bandar In  Your life is this, you will write in the comment section, if this issue is a bank account, then please write the color yes, one contentment and the third is fine, please write because  The one who turns out to be the original man and tells me these things, then one is on my left back, am I thinking that this happens to me, my partner, or to my acquaintances, to whom I give consultation, this happens to their partner. Because you are so many viewers, if this thing happens to you too, then you have to give feedback because it is a crowd sourcing thing, knowledge is also a crowd sourcing thing, am I the only one who is seeing this happening in life or  You have also seen that this happens even in a week and very subtle, so do n't do it literally, no one has broken my declaration, breaking the nest is a matter for it, it is a matter for your energy score, quality of life force, if someone has reduced it. Just because you told him something, please write in the comment section how did you like the video, please do tell. Thank you, A.