Hello friends, today's topic is Losing Career for Girl Child Part 21. I have already stored its part one. If you have not seen it and are watching it first, then I will put its link above, you can watch it first. If you want to watch that video.  After you have watched that video, then you can see this, I will start the video from where I ended that video, I had told that the money spent is more important for the girls than the job, which should be long term sustainable, girls.  The biggest mistake one is making in one's career is not checking sustainability and the aspiration is too high to hold any job, so in today's video I will touch upon a mindset and tell three focal points which are apps Period of Girls Channel.  You should keep it and I will send you two to three papers. First of all, there is a problem in the mind-set. I have seen that the boy has periods and the boy has not got a job. He is a very weak boy.  I am not able to find a job, it is okay to fill the orders, I have very little knowledge about North India, South India, but I see boys in North India, they are full of confidence, they will be 24, 25, 26, 27 years old, I wish, there is a sense of ownership of experience.  It is a matter of we will see, the one who has a house, he has your job, he has a pension, he has a little capital worth crores of fifty-sixty years, he is confident, he is a boy like that.  The best thing I am telling you is that despite not having a job, marriage is taking place even if there is no financial work and on the other side I am seeing the girls' parents and girls, they are feeling very stressed. So the main reason for this is that the girl does not have a sense of ownership. They feel that we just need to get the girl a job worth Rs 20,30,40 lakh and show her a prototype as if it is made or any new product is made.  While making the DRDO app, first of all they make a living by saying that yes it is working, rest now you look at it further, then due to this, girls are mostly pushed into such careers which are not acceptable, not sustainable, government jobs.  But I will not contact you too much because how many are there in government jobs and how many are there and how many are girls in them, so I will touch on them a little later, so first of all it is very important to have this mind-set that you too love your daughter, do you like this?  not that he has anything  You can find a job anywhere, you feel that work is number one, number two is what I say again and again, city, city becomes important because the opposition to earning money is more in big cities, it is a gender neutral thing, there are same applications for girls too.  It is not that applicable for boys, living in a small town, sending a girl alone, leaving her on a salary of Rs 3000, leaving her with an entry of Rs 25, this note, how much does the office of bus time cost, which will take me  There was only ₹ 1 left, so I asked many trees, why are they doing this? There was a couple in Hisar, they had a daughter, she would do a job in Gurgaon, they had taken 3520 items and given it to them. The girl was giving ₹ 10-12 thousand in the application.  She was taking 4000 breads for food expenses, there was no money left, after paying petrol and mobile bills and visiting her every week, he used to take ration to her, used to get angry and whenever she went out,  I said that this is the girl who is starting trouble. Shakun region goes in the morning and told this. I thought that a girl who does a job, whose height increases by 2 inches in 350 marriage market and skin color becomes two remaining sliders. These were his own words, now someone thinks all these things are obscene, someone is saying these things through his mouth, I can choose a few people, so I am apologizing first because I want to talk from practical soil only.  to get motivation  I am going to give clarity about what is the situation in the society and the market, so you do not have to expose your daughter to a job worth Rs 2530 thousand and ask some fool to do the hard work to see that our daughter does the job.  Please do n't make your daughter a person worth twenty five thirty thirty five thousand. Now I delete in Dignity of Labour. My audience is middle and upper middle class, I am somewhere lower middle class.  And get it done for the roadways, put it on Class-35 and if the father 's salary is free leg piece, it is Rs 2.5 lakh, this is ₹ 2, how much is the income of his husband-wife or the rent from somewhere else, that your Tubelight is the first.  If it is Rs 2.5 lakh then you should make the children talk to Mach 110. Please fold them a little and I will tell you what to do next, but do not make this one the biggest focus.  Need a letter from the parents on the girl's stomach, I will tell you the biggest focal point, the first point is the health, stamina, energy of a girl. Everyone knows about their daughter, she is of the attachment type, she has a little courage, set that up, the suspension of sperm will be the same, we will be under high pressure.  You put it after 245 years, then she gets married, has children, leaves the job till the upcoming test, then becomes a housewife, then she gets 20% of that in the office which I explained in the first video. Why would it be for ladies, be it 20% or 90%? Why is maximum participation not coming in this form of 2260? The work is not cheap, it is the only government job, the one on guest Bangaru seems to be a bit tainted, although there is a lot of trouble in that too. You have to write the application for the location and it takes 15-20 years of your life because you people have to understand that because of the pressure, he will leave the job because of your daughter's job.  If there is any such pressure then it may be one in one crore that he left his job of three lakh rupees for your daughter's job and after coming home he is doing some work and doing some work as his assistant.  It will be normal, all these people will keep doing their jobs, the daughter will remain separate and you will have to clearly tell the daughter about your old age. If you want her to be supported, then you should see that how to do it will be effective in your life. You cannot say like this.  now i married Now if she does, her in-laws should know or her husband should know, the reason for this is that every Sansa will say that she brings me and gives me the money. Should you check the money? This daughter-in-law, who does a job, does not give money to Sansa and you husband know another truth.  She does n't even give money to anyone, the same money remains, no, it is useful in buying some ads, embodied in English, but it is not that she is very much theirs. Make an estimate of the tight white Leo June girl who is earning money, how much salary is there and some money.  to earn Lady, how much money is going in, how much extra is being kept, I have to follow people and sell tickets, but to call people, how much is the sustainable basis, how much is coming, when will they get pension jobs, all are gone.  Right now there is no good job as it was before 2004, if you get pension then there are normal jobs, so you have to do cost-benefit analysis, you have to look at the health, the child's seminar.  You have to see whether you have to appoint him a job accordingly, secondly you have to see that the job is near the one on posting, he will go from here to there, from there to here Asif, then your old age is going to get spoiled if you put him in such a job.  If not, we will manage it somehow, let the boy do it, that cannot be managed, there are cracks in happy marriages, stress comes and children, who do we want to do this job, the girl should understand this for you, who are you trying to channel everyone because a lady?  There was a Meena once upon a time whose husband had done injustice to her regarding money, then the generation that came earlier thought that money is very important that we will earn money, your sorrows and pains will go away if you do some job.  Now the template has changed, there is no guarantee that she is earning money, so all the sorrows and pains of her life will be there. You have exchanged one set toe problem with another sector problem. You must see this.  Put the children in some table jobs. Here I would like to vote only for the people. There is a lot of competition in the group jobs. The chances of the child going are less. Try the group also just because you are also an officer on the group or you are an officer at that level.  If so, then it is not necessary that your child will have to start. Mother, the competition is less, the salary is good, there is stability. In Delhi, 30-35 years ago, if you are engaged in some department, you will get a permanent ministry. 50 ministries are a lot.  The post is similar to someone's, the one who started the plan, see the news paper terror in the comments, it doesn't seem to be complete because you have settled at the upper level and no one said that after preparing and starting for Group B, Papa, preparation for Group A.  For your book, but you kept on preparing, that is also wrong because if you look at the follow, then you have to prepare for IAS in Personal Part Time India. Ask 25 year old girls, what would they have done if they had prepared for IAS because speaking in question.  I think you also  Maybe you are waiting for a big party. If it is not a good party, then what will you say to that? You two, we should prepare for the competition. Girl, you are fooling her, I don't know, you don't do this, I will give you a girl.  You have to organize the marriage before today, I have already magically said that you should get the marriage done quickly and somewhere you will have to roast a little, isn't there a greed on the part of the girls, it is the greed of the girls to get a boy of this level. We are of this level, so these kind of boys think that we can get a girl elephant, this so much transaction has been aliased means everyone has become greedy for marriage these days, hey, tell me how I can get a very good look or a girl.  She married this person, she was at this level and married someone of this level, now he has become an IAS, some more officer became a good girl, her breath will last here, her husband is fully engaged to support her because in the note there is financial assistance for back.  To support the girl know what happens with the girl is here and get married to this kind of family from the country, the boy's house is very good, income is low, retailing is very good, he is retired, the boy has a very good salary, everything is what you want. You don't want this either, neither do you want a girl's job nor these people who are doing it will turn you in a minute, leave the job, we don't want your job, so you have to relax the girl's parents that if you want  He does not feel the pain of his daughter. For how long will the blood relations remain special to them? Why don't you cut this? If it is the queen's job to get the job done by queens, come on, if you want to get more done, then you will have to help. When you add, maybe this ad will be done. You will have to close one thing that there are two types of relationships, one is blood relationship and one is mental relationship, then there is a blood relationship with the in-laws, otherwise there is a mental relationship and the mind is fickle and every  Neeti soon starts thinking that only such family members should share because today there is only a teaspoon which was with the old friends who have passed away. On top of that, she was not so serious, she did not have that much ticket, she used to eat simply.  Preeti had handed over that even on food, she was not judgmental, she did not even have an entry and it was not possible to be very mental, but the lady who agrees with 6585 on this day has the strength, the journey to the mid-day mill.  Soda of the mill, talk about it and then she says that I will help you, I will not help you son, thank you, so here this daughter-in-law queen has begged either from her mother or from her mother or from her husband to get rid of that situation.  No one can help, this girl, initially it was a meeting full of excitement, martyrdom of comrades, a child is born, the front piece gets changed, many 180 degree lights go out, the father was feeling proud. When I got a job, something happened, that father has no role, no you play, that baby comes with such a lovely companion, now the work in our life increases a lot, you have to think this, girls and girl's parents and everyone has to think this.  There was a father who used to go to his job, used to stay from morning to evening, do something or the other and this was the hope, she used to stay busy at home and both of them used to do something or the other and after coming at night, they used to sleep after getting tired.  Now that task the girl should make both of them suffer. This point is a working wife because her husband is also working. Can the husband share? Maximum, the girl who has a full house should tell you this. The girls who work are working ladies, their children have to go to school, their children also have to work on something.  They are formed in life and they also want that if there is happiness in even one, then they have to do a job and they will get a house. Those who are less in balance, there is never a balance, sometimes this kind of formation happens in life, one always has to compromise.  And this girl is a working lady, unfortunately she has to compromise, she wants to please everyone, but ultimately everyone keeps cutting her off, the husband does not get hot bread while working, how can he do that, I do not have the pleasure of hot bread.  It was okay that the children also got a little compromise that if grandparents will not come then they will take the trust of the servant. Now you see the quality of the servant and how much trust issues there are.  You guys can sleep, you want to relax, so what can I say, keep the girls at home, don't work, don't do anything, I am not doing that at all, you will have to watch the first video, I have clearly said in it, you have to chant 100 percent.  Whether to do a job or not, that will be discussed later. There should be a capability to earn money. He should not be dependent on anyone. So, the first point is to know what are the energy levels of the child. If any of them are low, then you will have to decide which job to do. just above the neck  Karani below the neck, I will tell you the meaning of this, which job uses above here to earn money, what is mine, what is above this, my team, give the last, when young eyes and this Yagya element is more, then girls' job is sustainable. Look at this, if I start giving job examples, there are 500 jobs. Just think that I am the person who will give you the template, you should also cook all this and not be the one who fits the spoon. There are a lot of arguments in development, it is okay.  He is right, I am giving a hint that the job above here is sustainable, because when the body comes, a lot of work has to be done, this hand and this lower portion are used a lot, then he takes the tow on the girl because the physical  There are issues because when you become a mother, you may think that life is real, how can a girl be set up, if I tell you, then remove the word 'settles' from your site. A person gets set up once in life, when his entire program is over.  If not then I  These are the parents of Bachpan Prasad, you are settled and you are happy, you will remain in the same house in which you live, you will not have to go anywhere else, nothing else will change in your life, you are settled, your children will call you anytime, something will happen in their marital life. That you will have children, don't set any shatter that when you should not go to school, then think of dishonoring the girl when she gets married. Boys' people never do this towards their son. They have a sense of ownership. I want to bring awareness in the society about the rights of girl's family. Because you are giving up your sense of ownership, keeping the girl modern, why do you say that her husband will give her happiness, that husband will give her happiness by keeping the idea that he will be standing in front of her 12 years in age or may even be 12 years younger, what is he like?  It means that he does not know his happiness, what to do there, what should he do, the same company is legal, there is a legal edit for procreation on March and I, marriage is not a very complicated thing, so it is not that you have given birth to your daughter.  There is also Kanyadaan syndrome. I request all the mothers that they should not stay in Kanyadaan centers and do not mix and match in life. Some Indian people will also follow the rules till the girl is not adopted and when something happens then the American people will go away. Even if we do flash lights and likes, the biggest problem in Kunwar's life is that you put so much input into raising your children and worrying about them, it's like when the shoes ring at the age of 14 years and when they leave you  If you are needed in 27, 28, 30, 35 years, you will not be available and the second biggest thing I have added is that do not get the girls of your children married, if you do this early then they will have children soon, then you can help when you  Your Eggmascript Pi 6465 makes a lot of difference in the work you can do at sixty, which you cannot do at 65. As age increases, every 5 years makes a lot of difference. In 6570, it makes a lot of difference.  If it makes a difference, if your children get married during your time, then you can help them and do not indulge in this greed in marriage. Many times, you have to see this thing in order to get a job for your daughter, whether she should get a local job or not. Only then you have the work because you too cannot leave your set up and go away, that is why I repeatedly do this real estate and big city Jhalawar city, the main reason for this is that you will not be able to go from a small city and to cover the distance.  Support your daughter's job And you are the one who has to support your daughter's job because that daughter is yours and you are also responsible for keeping your daughter happy and you feel that she was giving money to me. Oh, that is the confidence of that girl. No, you have to help your girl in her self-esteem. When your spirit is good, if you will help, then mother-in-law and father-in-law will do VPN and if they also make their mind real, then he is listening in his life. We want to make it very clear.  But these days, girls also bleed more than boys.  It is okay, but just as boys do not leave their boys, similarly girls should not leave their daughters. In this, I have not told the very stressful things right now, I will tell them in my gender neutral topics, how to get a job with high income.  I will tell you about the skills. If you go straight to medium school then you will be successful in getting a job. People remain very confused that even if you don't do a job, what business will you do? The boy's parents still support him to some extent.  It is better for the parents of a single girl under-15 to give money so that she will live in that house, now she will earn money, then it is less that I have invested the money, it is a wrong thinking, yes, it is a wrong thinking, it is okay that the girl has given the money as your loan. Both the couples will repay the loan, there is no such thing, so you have to think a little bigger, only the girl's family has the information and I can connect with whoever wants to understand on high income skills, now in the next videos I will tell gender neutral.  The bottom line between boy and girl is that there is nothing different, a girl can do everything but you see where is the girl's happiness, it is the girl who has to establish a home, the boy cannot save the home, so if she has to establish a home then there.  We will study to make some compromise but that compromise should not be done in such a way that the skill of batting in the girl's income should come down. This girl should earn Rs. 500 from 25 to 75 years and five years less in that 50 years.  Wo n't earn Earned suits with different I've seen girls go like rockets and fizz out very quickly 2832 3233 Thank you, she does n't have a job They also start enjoying living in that house with the mic off Andrew  The story repeats again that she was his daughter's daughter, son, you must do it, I have to do it, but oh how could you not do it, you need a plant, you have to go from Delhi to Mumbai also by air, so you pray for a ticket, where can you reach quickly?  I will go so that I know which one I have to go, then where will I go, but I will take GPS, if I open Google, then this is the career. Parents of girls and girls are not putting much thought but have myopic vision. Extend this visit. Video should be bigger. But what I want to tell in this under live current is not told very openly in public life because the motions will say back some wrong words may come out, it has to be told like turtle but in this whole In the video I recorded her hi [ __ ] skills that she can nut for if you want to know thank you