That Hello friends, many people ask me, creative people click on you, people say I want to meet you, what do I do in this tree, I have been telling publicly and you are watching what I do, okay, this is also the main work of astrology, now like this  Teacher I do not when this is not in the slot, subjects which are knocked out in universities and vanity vans, still people are not curious, so today I am going to give you this example.  It is interesting and I am also going to ask questions from you guys. The end of the video is very short. Stay tuned till the end. A movie was released in 1978 and the name of the movie was Chhoti Si Baat. It is available on YouTube for the people of the new generation who have not seen it. Must watch it whenever.  If you get time, one small thing is Amol Palekar, Vidya Sinha ji is in that movie but Ashok Kumar ji has a role in it, it's okay, you understand me as Ashok Kumar ji, for his contribution in this movie, you will understand what he does.  There is another very lovely and good movie in that movie, it is a must watch, I have never requested such movies on YouTube till date, I am commenting on that movie, a small thing, the name of the movie is very good, I found it very good, now let me ask you.  Is S8 Content Creator that I have to create this content, now make me a premium subscriber for that, I want to create it for normal subscribers but you want these things, I want to ask, are you pacific?  You are traveling with such behavior that you feel like someone is using you and goes away in the relationship or you are very selfish or you are feeling uneasy in life, there are issues with communication skills, you are not enjoying it, your parents would have left you.  If the wife keeps it and leaves it, if there is a wife, then the husband listens to you, okay, he listened to you, and you are being listened to more, he listens to you, the sequence continues, okay, then if you want such things, then you want content.  If you are there, then I will make it very well and I will tell you. In your life, the mouth of the people gets closed. This or the Guru has been created in it. Whenever there is space, everything remains like this. You are the factors, what happened, what happened to that one, if you are like this.  We are traveling through the disease, it is a disease, okay, there is a solution to it, content and series can come on this, but you will have to write on this, you will have to write that India does bottoms on this, there is episode gender or some tips people, I will go in English then.  I am this sick person  I don't read it in Gyan style and tell it because they like it but if they are not able to relate then there will be deep videos, there will be very deep videos, I can say that for face order, there will be people of thinking, so if you come, I am such an audience, I am so  The voices have matured and those who are watching my old content know what this second and third after is, so those who know and want me to bring the content where you end up in relationships, this will happen.  The name of your series will be and this series is a job series, it is a family series, okay, it is a marital series but I want this relationship series in which I make you powerful from within. When you attract positivity, what happens sometimes, our personality, the activity of beauty.  Let's talk about these things - negative and positive. Positive- Positive-Positive- Third-Third- Positive. Subscribe to the channel. Appointed in Relationship, I am very excited but on appointment, how much do you people want this, in as many as four-five minutes I talked about these things, Mama, if you think that young but if you are thinking that I should go, then you will write Relationship, I will write Relationship and more people.  Relationship became interesting series. I know it is war but if there are intelligent people whose reason is above and they want to know about everything then I will definitely make videos like this. Suhag said some good things while drinking milk.  After listening to the man, if like and subscribe button comes out at night, then it will be a series of relationship, so I am requesting, otherwise I have not yet requested such a video in any video, please do so, please do like it here too, share it, Kashmir.  There is a point of different level that I know that they will understand this thing, it is beneficial for them, so I do not beg so much in that, okay, but in this one, I try from within myself that I  I want to make four-five videos, I will talk a little deeper, there will be complex things, but Shaurya will take relationships and you towards betterment, so you are the most requested, brothers and sisters, please write the relationship below and its inhabitants of it will be made and it is not well thank you.  you are missing oo