Hello friends, today we will discuss on a topic, its name is small town vs big city, okay, it will be a very interesting topic and you have to watch till the end, write the end in the comment section, how logical did you find it, you have to see a very interesting topic on small cities. More romantic size is done in different size, okay pollution is less, crime rate is good but weakness, good cyber crime rate is less, pollution is less, yes, not in big city, this is good, okay, this point is a big argument, yes yes, I agree, jobs are less.  This but here Shanti Bhi Ko all, go to some of my recent videos, you people will see them on the channel Panchkula Mohali Dehradun, there is a lot of shortage of this kind, that day every month to 10 people agreed with most awesome things for age hota hai na life.  I think this is all good but this part of life is very big things because what happens is we are ever praising any human being neither is the next person in this is all good but but after that butt  I am the one whose cap is the one, this one is the one, he has agreed with someone, that one is after the butt, through the people, if it is okay, then I am the one who discusses the opinion of the one who talks about the job and the one from small towns. I give logical points from my side.  Let me tell you sir, the big cities today were on the same stage twenty-five to thirty years ago as the small cities, now check, there was openness here too, Dhawan, there was a lot of openness in Delhi 40 years ago, it is fine in Delhi too, youth was there in Mumbai also.  Correct  There was openness. 25-30 years ago, villages were villages. Okay, so you have to see that the things that are there in small towns today will go through the same cycle as they have gone through big cities. Today they are good, so that's why they are good and second year old.  Already fine even during the day, this is right by the time you committee Tata is going bye, so it's and photo editing only and I don't know the knowledge on the cycle with improvement, tell me this, I am from Delhi.  Instead of talking about exams, the Prime Minister lives in Delhi, the President lives, all the judges live, all the MPs of our Supreme Court live, everything is there, the state government is there, everything is fine inside Delhi, these people also breathe here, they are not separate, no one is there.  No matter how much air pressure is applied, everyone has to go out. Okay, so aren't these people already doing anything in your opinion that has made a difference in pollution because they know how to burn lights in Punjab and Haryana.  Now the governments of Delhi and Punjab have also become good by the grace of God, so perhaps there can be some better coordination. Okay, but the burning of loot was just a matter of number. It becomes a pic news of a big city, so you are mine. Tell everyone, please Google New York. People consider New York to be a very good city. This is the fitting test city of the world. It stands out the most and stinks. Google it and see why it attracts you the most. You can increase the tracks on their road.  So this  Notwithstanding Jodhabai Buildings and Everything in Manhattan OLX, if I Google it, you will not go above that, everything is expensive, in Mumbai, see what happens to you in the rains. Similarly, in New York, there is so much rain, so many storms, so many songs, start lights too.  All the work is done by appointment country Mumbai Kenya and we are guide because people want to come give brother people want to come give know what happens in this dynasty you are in hotels in  3000 Testing 15122 Retired and Want to Settle So You Are Under True Stress Life Better Small Town's Wires Interaction with This Natural But You Have to Release That Small Town is Attractive Today But Family Tree Late So It Has Its Own Issues The Biggest Issue Children So Do a Job  We can't do that for the children, we are fine, we will have to go home and fix the economic cycle, this is true, like diet.  People who are working today and are under 34, have their lettuce in the fridge when they were looking for a job 20 years ago, but 30 years ago their period sent them to jail from a small town to a big city and you go.  Adopt it, we will stay here, now these people can't even eat this thing, the question is the next generation, his job is in a big city and if he has to buy his own house, he has to pay rent, he has to do something, for the first time a dog can buy a house because  The rates have become so high and to save some money on rent, parental support is very important. Secondly, many people mess up their psychology that whenever they talk about housing, then all the agri middle class homes are new.  For very easy food, tell me. Maximum, my service pack is 2 houses. Everyone can appoint. I am not doing DSC to the audience which does not have the address twice. If you are there then it is very good, I will stay, I will take you two, three, four.  Till the status of the houses, but if you are coming to retirement, but this photo house will tell you why and how it was that your original small town may have some merit or you will fry a secret of yours there too. Why would I keep the milk issue? Hey friends, you can also keep it small and your child will remain. You are the charts. I would have stayed for the whole 12 months and there would have been no pollution. Right now there is only one brother in Gurgaon. Look how much you chat, how much in Delhi now.  Will not talk about pollution, you will talk about water, water is fine, it is like God's, horror images are not coming, it has rained four times, but it is not there yet, things have improved, rabbit will come, m speaking, it is very fast. Higher recruitment will be done within an hour or two. This is a small city problem, it has to be created, and in big cities, people are already moving towards problem solving. Kundli-Manesar-Palwal of Delhi has been built, you don't have to go, your Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor is being built, your STD Express has been built, many of the quotas that used to be kept in Delhi are being reduced within the big cities.  These airport taxis will go anything in their fantasy Elon Musk style, which I say in my mind, these things will go in big cities because their business model is your first day of working out in a big city, something like this saree. Style Taxi or Something is not going to come to Rohtak, Karnal, is not going to come to Fatehabad, Hisar, is not going to come to Kurukshetra, catch any small town of yours, Etawah, Itarsi, Jhansi is going to be considered because there is no pending crossing there.  It is not that public, nor do they need anything like this, anything like this will go electrical. Brother, if you think about it tomorrow then it will be used more in big cities because it elects electricity.  Recharging stations and Ishara Infra, whichever companies like that they will come first in big cities, then if you don't like it in the office, you do n't like the mess people make, I do n't like big faces, but if you are working in a big city, then settle down.  If you want to live in a small city, then you should move to a big city. If you want to settle down now, then it is a double whammy. If you had bought your house here, then you would have bought your house here. Marriage would have saved you. Training would have saved you more. So, if you keep coming to study, even with the rules of hatred, or  The poor had to live with hatred  Even if you had to live in a big city, you spent your time in this lineage. The second thing is that the quality of the generation was discovered yesterday. Look, in this generation, now you have so much time to meet your parents or contact your original relatives. Because jobs are such that you will have to squeeze out so much juice in the future that you will miss the cycle so much that you will have to do two-three jobs, you will have to do freelancing, you will have to do a lot of work, then if you are thinking like this at the front, government people think that they will take a month's leave.  I am going to my pind witch and printing pills in a small town, you check in all those small towns, all the work is coming to an end, that too, packet milk is coming, there too no one is bringing milk or milk, this water is found.  Whatever you wanted, that too from your mother, the vegetables are becoming expensive, the rates of the maids and the people who work like this are also increasing, the supply is in such a way that a labor class  Young people also live in big cities and their small towns.  Presents subscribe our Why is the demand so high because India should progress as a country but outside the capita the rates have increased tears surprise someone rates of Uttar Pradesh will remind please like subscribe that what is going on here so here you people know  The system also changes from that side, so mostly the question is, if it is caught in a small town, Hisar, Rohtak, Bhiwani, then what Tilak's people do here.  People are working and do it. Leaving the small town, Dumra was wanted. In comparison to the big city, he is a nursing student and there are disadvantages in the big city. It is a pity that he is not feeling like a thief. Disadvantages, Everest's address should be known by everybody from the politician from administration.  From the local people, the vote bank for Bigg Boss is also increasing, now the local voting is very less like before.  People used to cast, now all the local people are getting their vote done, that poor poor everybody wants to comment vote oil ko sudhar dost hoon sir and if it is written on my website then likes are shared and its last HTC is that no one casts the vote and the local small  In small cities, they would have voted completely for all the MPs in the elections, so in this way, then Jyoti, another very important thing in big cities is that big cities have their own system to invest money after earning money.  Like, I have got a gym from my job in Gurgaon, in a few years, no what ever kind of Bluetooth setting on hair growth date, now it is happening again, so it is more powerful, isn't it, this is a positive cycle, what happens first, now I am from every crime village, relatively from Noida.  It was lagging behind in infrastructure and ahead in everything else because Noida authority was there long ago, whatever money was earned, ₹ 100, was used there, you know everywhere, there is a little bit of corruption in India.  I will not involve everyone in that but there was such a mechanism in Gurgaon, there was a lot of money for many years, I don't know in which city it was used in other cities, has it been used in your faces brothers and sisters and tell me, okay, so it went there, it is not going there now.  Now what is being seen here is what is being seen here and development is being seen very fast here, whatever you mean, all the complaints of the people are being resolved, these builders took the liner first and built their houses first 10 years ago. infrastructure  Is capturing late but now the infrastructure is there and from the infrastructure you can see that from the infrastructure of your cities you can see that it creates check spillover fat, it creates a lot of job creation, one direct job, four internet jobs, so if Someone says that yes, with this installation, 10 thousand jobs will be created. Now in small and big cities, why not build a strong TCS building, it has three or four employees and is shifting to a building.  There are rooms in the machinery of some machines, there are laptops and they have patience and all this work and the average salary of 3000 people who are doing the work is 80,000, the average of some will be three, four or five lucky and the lowest will be forty-fifty but if you find out the average then  If it is equal to Rs 80901 lakh, then the pending power that comes will not be found in any such place in the entire small town where three thousand people spend around Rs 1 lakh in Amresh Kumar.  Even if a factory is set up and nothing is done, the salary of labor level people will not be very high, that is your job creation which I told you, internet operation, indirect creation from a job of Rs 25,000 and a job worth Rs 40 lakh from a well.  Your hospitals, schools, those who sell your goods, your subscriptions, if you want food in the evening, then if you want something else, then the big city will continue to urbanization. Urbanization will happen which will come from the village.  People will go to the nearest city, town, village, district, district headquarters, their biggest cities, then as you have seen, these are the ones which are given by the government in Delhi, again in the same way, you people too, depending on where you live, you can also have  To three home at least three for visa. It is better to say that I will lay all my eggs in Rohtak than to take it in 500 yards of Rohtak. You yes for 219 bj and in one floor in Gurgaon, New Delhi.  Subscribe or for the same money because there is no relevance of 500 yards, no one is coming and staying in it, the child is not causing the problem, traveling 70-80 kilometers is the same, if he lands at T3, it is a big problem, the person gets cured by 10 hours flight.  The sound of 2 hours per hour will come and there will be no more army thinking that the guest will descend and enter the house in fifteen-twenty minutes, this is a big thing and this thing will be your inheritance. So once the net is submitted, he and Father Abhay keep going on, so no matter how much you set this big city, for the kind of yourself is happening late but this fight is given money, that is why people are coming there and something is happening there.  If it is, then it is something bad, but whatever is getting worse there is also being addressed very fast. From this article till 575, there should be roots in the pollution problem. Of banks and good day job operation head teacher gave BJP duty do the prize hi tune tune of you can buy top in a very small city even after 20 years you can anytime sell the property of a big city and go to a small city by the way Varsha is not too  You people and the country, whenever there is a good night in a small town versus a big city, then see that the problems of the big city are going to come to the small town and there will be no festival in that small town either, but as much as  The smaller it is, the smaller it will not remain, that too will populate because people will come naturally from all the nearby villages and here also there will be no left, for example, like this Vikram walks, the diesel in your prayers is given to your ATMs. Now all these are being banned in Gurgaon, Delhi-NCR etc. There are Supreme Court orders, orders for GT are coming, so there are electric vehicles, government money subsidy, this  The product was not asking the small set, vote bank politics will work as long as it is doing something wrong to someone of its own, then there is more dust and dirt there, no cover has been put, I should do NGT, there is no supply.  It is being implemented everywhere in a small town, ghost stick law has not been made yet, it will be made there after 10-12 years, there will be a lot of riders there, so one cycle that I wanted to tell you. Don't type big cities in it so quickly. Is it a matter of sour grapes or is it that you are not able to buy in big cities. If this is true then it is fine but if the delay is due to this then pollution is a good crime there.  Tell me about the crime too. Listen, the crime is more, it means the report is being made. You understand that if no one writes to me and does not report, then a crime has taken place, then you are there as much as you want, so the police in big cities should be more alert.  has been in big cities  In government posts, this is also considered a big honor and good. Those who are waste officers live in big cities. You all know this thing, the emphasis of Delhi Police is like talk to Delhi Police, the investigation of Delhi Police gets stuck and there is a cement.  And as it is not in the police of small towns, do you know that the crime is not known only by the number, you have to look at the number off and also see from the people, if thefts are happening and suppose the population there is say 25 lakhs and  thefts are happening somewhere  At 40, the population there is 1 lakh, then you have to compare it with 4060. You have to see what is the value of cost at the thousand population, where the population will be in crores, like Delhi's population is around 2 crore 2.25 crore, Gurgaon also write back.  So where the population is 10-20 quadruples of a small town, then the crime there is 12 double or even triple.  Loot numbers are also very less in some places, this is the question for you, only if the support vehicles are rising something like this and then there are more vehicles here, if somewhere there are 10 lakh vehicles then there the vehicles will rise where there are only 10,000 vehicles, now there are 10,000 vehicles.  But picking up 100 vehicles at a time when it was worth Rs. 10 lakhs but getting late by five hundred rupees, nor picking up 500 vehicles at one place.  If there are vices, then people will say that this crime is more than 500 vehicles, so hey friend 10:00 Lalgarh, this is your vehicle of 10,000, so even in this way people are not liking it and they all go to that number that if your green energy, renewable energy, whatever is this.  People who are becoming rich, tell me where people are talking about all these things. They said on social media on Twitter that if you feel more like anything,  There is a problem in a big city, why do you get to know about it? In a small town, you don't even know where else there is an incident. If an incident happens in a big city, then someone is immediately taking a photo of it and posting it on Twitter. Is it okay if there is something wrong somewhere? Now that citizen awareness level which is definitely of big cities goes to big cities, definitely, I will not ask about literacy rate and all those things, regretfully, that too will be better, but put it in mind, I will leave it on strength of awareness. Although it does not suit me to be politically correct, but I am politically proud for the want of a better world, I would say that situational awareness is more, what is happening even in big cities, that there is a citizen's rights Radha nearby, the demand for government flash lights is also more.  If it exists then in small cities people are engaged in Jugaad but the government system which runs in any way from passport to driving license to any kind of things is found in very big cities.  They are getting subscribed because the channel is time and they mean that by going to small cities, all these things are happening here first, if there are electricity poles, then in big cities, if all these gas pipelines, then all these things are happening in big cities.  Whatever is fine in homes, in big cities, all these things are nothing. The secret of the biggest city is that Bigg Boss belongs to this small channel. On this, I want to tell one more thing to the people.  I want that different video Because many people are also wrong in that this video will be long, on top of that people are feeling that work from home will remain in their small cities, in big cities people have gone from the system long current situation was that and people were living in that.  But a separate video, if you want a video, then please write in the comment section that such a person will be employed in SSC and whatever research he does for his personal. By making ourselves an underworld, we are doing four cloves in our kinship.  Avenger Battery Saver * Best Athlete So I call it a very small temples page for example, if it is happening to someone else then it does not mean this and in someone's relatives far and wide, on father's side, it also means this.  If not, then make your sample a little smaller as per the size of the sample. The sample size is fine. By the grace of God, the sample size is quite big. So the mixture this time is my personal opinion. That also keeps on changing, opposition is like this, gate data is fine, but in the set master data changes itself, he is the dancer, this officer's economist is fine, the heavenly other data changes and everything what you thought changes, you live in a quarter is fine and the disturbance is  I will make a very good video on Change Constipation Operating. Please do like or write in the comment section. Thank you.