Hello friends, today's topic is clarity in choosing career, before this I have made two videos on home chat career which were very well received and I had also made a video on taking VRS, so a small series is being made here. Depending on how you like this video, I will make one or two more videos, so let's talk about choosing a career, it is gender neutral, on this I will start you first, it is an old system, Mansabdari system was there in India long ago.  It was introduced by Akbar in 1600. Now you are wondering why I am telling you in this topic i.e. Mansabdari System, then you have listened a little and will learn specifically about it. Mansabdari System is found here in the lift of Akbar in 1571 by commenting on both military and civic things in it.  The post of Mansabdar was created in it that there was one Mansabdar with 572 soldiers and the takeaway from it was that from that whole and from the system that this  It is related from the video that he could not do anything with himself, he was getting a salary of ₹ 3000 at that time, with that salary of ₹ 3000, he used to maintain five houses of ₹ 5,000 and used to meet his expenses and made his new living in the lives of passengers.  If he died, the manasabdari was taken from him and given to someone else or he retired, he could not give anything to his children as inheritance.  He also worked hard life-long, he just enjoyed whatever he got from me, he ran the expenses, collected taxes, maintained horses, farm in tanker, if he was small, then his program would have ended, there was no inheritance in the future, or four to win.  After four and a half years, even today such jobs are there, now the civil bureaucrats have separated and set goals that you should pay very careful attention to this thing, it is a deep matter of time that you left the bureaucrats and joined the army.  CRPF, BSF and Police, you do late hours, you come but there is no benefit to your child in reaching the top, if your child has to come to the same institution, then he has to give a fresh exam and will have to come from the same first step. Your 40  Apart from a year's job or money, there is no benefit for your child. It is a big thing that the families which have understood this should do well. I am not saying that these people are not doing well, but I am the type of you.  of job selection  I am telling you the criteria that you will see my content on YouTube also, it is a little different, I do not talk directly, take the same thing because it is going to be your 40th anniversary, you will get 40 minutes, 40 days, that much time.  You will have to think, set the mind-set, how far am I going, do I have to send my child here, so this video is for all the parents, for all the children and for those who have started their career as well.  If you vote for me, then there is nothing good or bad, if by teaching you can understand that by being with me, you will get clarity, then 1 minute of Mansabdari system, today there are government jobs where father can become anything, he can become that.  There is no benefit to the child, the number of people he is earning, paying the school fees, parenting is a benefit of money, even if he had done some more honey, he would have got that money, he would have got a job which he would have taken with him at the age of 40.  I can't come myself  You can put before the name by saying Retired Class is twelfth class, mine is middle class, I am telling them that now what you have to do for your child, if you were doing this, your father could have been doing something else, it was very important for you to do that.  You did very well on time, you reached a very good level, there is a big clapping for it but now you have to start your child from the same place from where you started, you have to give this platform that now you have to think, I am here for you.  But there is another way about work in job, where whatever the father does, that thing remains there and the child takes it from here, as if it is a locked practice of 30-35 years, has contacts, knows everything, yes, how to fight the case.  You know all the mechanisms, you have all the blemishes, your proper office is there, the child sat with the locker and 10 to 15 years old and is live where you gradually transfer the child and people, all your customized clients, all the knowledge, domain knowledge all.  Expert on this and the child is catching you from there. Same thing happens with chartered accountants too, this happens with doctors, husband has gone after, the child has been kept in a nursing home, they have been made doctors somewhere.  How much fee did they have to pay, whatever is the extra, they somehow made a doctor in a nursing home, whether they become a good doctor or not, but can only take it from the best, live in Paris, they are getting good money, so that in this segment  There are children who consider this favorite song as the digestive water and the future of their children so that they have clarity. What is the clarity that I told you in the previous settings? The children who are trapped in the Mansabdari system do not have clarity because now.  That's all, I will make further videos on that too, you all, this gel is getting a bit complex, A for cutting is happening, I too am having a little difficulty in explaining it, so you have to understand how many videos I will make on this in the future.  It is a very good front, there is a lot of clarity. I have invited you a little to know what are the types of these 90 and which people are suffering more. Any architect who has such good clients is better than them.  It is a well-established business, he gives his child a course in interior designing and sets him up in the morning. Set the child comfortably in a natural way. When the daughter is a bad interior designer, the son is declared out. The next flight is inside the house.  Staying close to each other is becoming very important for the future. If you keep roaming all over India and your child keeps roaming around then it is up to you to see whether it is right or wrong. My grandfather keeps roaming all over India and my father.  I used to roam all over India, so tell me, you my son, if you roam around like that then it will be beneficial and my grandfather, yes, start from here, when my father reached here, then I too came from here, power and last, I am not there.  Some medium happy Umrao have got a nice house built for them at some place or their wealth is fine but no, I am not able to find the importance of this house in Chaudhary, leave alone making it bigger, I am not even packing it.  I find that as much as they did, it is going down and I am getting dissolved and how did I do it for my child, then this happens in many families through deposit setting, in many families these people become wise in some generation that brother.  Leave this program, now you have to do something else, that year the generation has to release, it is like the country, I believe that Hindi is like the Gujjar families, if the families will paste it on their own, then it will become like an egg, then this is a government job, it is already  The second section of the upper middle class that is shifting has been created by this upper middle class 100 children who are not able to stop going, some keep preparing, some are about to go, some do not want to go, so this is a story being played in a market.  I will end the video by telling one more thing about myself, many children talk like this about their parents, what is this question, what is the question about the current position of pension, I would like to tell you, the feeling on passion is a strong feeling, feeling change.  Doctor, today your child is the President, so I have a lot of information about this thing. He has done something in Biotechnology along with children career counseling. After that, he did not enjoy it. Reliance of third marriage, then he somehow stopped it after completing 14 years of degree.  Now let this very happy girl get a job like this, then go to animation in tractors, this is happening so much, locked in the society, your children go there, then you find them some other government job or anything.  people their  Why did you go? If you don't want to become a lawyer, then people say that if you write a law then you will get a job because of that, you will not get a job, so here I am, I agree to whatever one thinks and then there is no point in saying that this is a very important thing and the other thing is  I would like to tell in the next video why one should not do a government job. Those people who have been blasted in the middleman Allah journey and whose father and grandfather were in government job, look, I am not making it for the people of poor families.  there are videos  This is not a message for them, they should do it okay but why shouldn't you do it? A migrant worker comes from one state to the other side of Jhanjhariya. His compulsion is understood that there is nothing, he will not have to leave everything, but tell me if someone  There is everything in the family, his child will also have to go out to do a job, I leave it to you and one thing I would like to give a message to the children, there are many children of 22, 23, 24, 25 years sitting here. They have to do something and are waiting for this point to end and then the record will be revealed and the one who is not getting it due to the court will be given a chance. Otherwise, the job was going like this, you should have given them hundred percent, please.  If you want a job, connect with those people who can mentor you, give you clarity and what else is there in the market. A lot of dynamics are changing. There are many jobs in India but not as many as you are thinking.  As much as you are thinking, Ignore Me, the video has arrived, it will get longer, so I will stop it here, this is Food for Thought, I would like to make three or four videos in the series, three have already been made, so if you like it, please comment, like, and ended.  If you subscribe to the channel, my subscribers will get a special status, if they cross, then I can do a live session with you guys, it will give you a lot of attention, thank you.