Hello friends commercial property video number 5 last video of the series commercial versus residential so before starting this i would like to tell a story listen to the story carefully and understand it once upon a time in a village or town a man with his assistant and asked for a subscribe in the village  I asked him why you and he told me that it is inside you when you have to take it and the villagers should be unmuted by taking a monkey, a commission was appointed, a monkey catching team was formed, the fire appointed them and after giving them money, beat him a little  If ₹500 was received in the village, there were enough of them inside, they used to hold on to it, everyone used to get that ₹500, then it became a little difficult to stop it, people's agriculture decreased a bit, so he announced that now people will get a thousand rupees, then again  A little enthusiasm came and he made monkeys for thousands of rupees, then when it came down, he made the rate 2000, so some people said keep it in a very good smell, so people started giving more monkeys, it will be collected after that it will be less again  So he rated it and saved ₹4000  ₹4000 He did some monkey work and after that he told the sarpanch that my work has been useful in the city, he goes to oil tracks on few days and his assistant does not leave him alone, so he kept an assistant who was also very popular Because all the money dealings, all the accounting started with him, so the assistant said that it will come back and you will take it for eight thousand, now there are very few inside, if you look for Khawaja, then he made one of his bills quarterly and said that  Bhaiya you message me, you take it for 4000, on 4 he arrested the person who wants to rate it 8000, see earlier it was 500, then thousand, then milk or 4 crimes, now it is going to be eight, do this, you take it for ₹4000, he  The monkey started giving those monkeys to the other monkeys. He gave Rs. 4000 to the villagers overnight and the assistant disappeared. Neither the master ever came nor the assistant. All the villagers had to leave him on the stage.  They wanted to give them their average cost in ₹500 and ₹1000 and ₹4000 so subscribe this story play in some other place that monkey is fine even then they got it and this is what happened and the goat cow gives milk so  Brothers and sisters, I subscribe, I am always told the part, no one asked what he will do with the monkey, someone used his brain and told some story that you take it, take the money, take this return, take similar stop places On the stock market tips plain office bitcoin options okay where people come who was making noise about the story they automatically get united so in commercial versus residential you have to remember that whoever if you don't have four to five retention units  If it is a different place then you will not look at the machine, listen to the logic of this, you have two children, they need to live in different places, after 10 years he will need ghee, rock the khukrin member, you will not get a monkey in your hand, chances of getting a temple are very good, commercial  in this case you will get stuck like this  that if you are not able to tell anyone then he gets caught in porn and after that his reputation gets spoiled, he says that Ravi uncle, Ashok uncle, these are my kind of people, do not take them back from the ball, they are as much as yours  There is also a relative, people do not consider him intelligent, this father becomes a matter of trouble, that is why the one who has definitely got bad remains quiet thinking that he will not get it, it will happen more from inside, so he stops every night and the entire family knows about it as well  What has happened but when retention money is not given, whether good or bad, there may be return or not, your child can go and someone can starve him and use him, the end result is that you will get something or the other, yes when you have got this much money then you  You will also get consultants of that level to put it in the commercial, it is okay to decide from where to unite, what to do, one man is a little more than a lakh of people or an office person of that level, you do not need to go to Amrit I am getting so many calls from Jind, Hisar, Rohtak, Bhiwani saying that I must take this, please your children are still there  They are in 10th, 11th, 12th and in 45 years they will have to come to Gurgaon and Delhi. There are no jobs in small towns. So take a minute for them today. You have to pay them in three-four years till your money is fully utilised.  It will be done towards that and it will be set at a time. You will not suffer any loss in it. Your child will not have to pay rent. The economy is good or bad. The rates are low. The applications are high. You should understand it in this way that the car is like a car.  If you need work then avoid commercial and go for residential and the discussion about investment and quintals happens later when you have to fulfill your basic requirement. Every person has basic two or three residential units, so first fulfill this requirement. Do it and then try to increase your syllabus. I hope you guys will like it. Many people have given me very good comments that a lot of our money which was stuck has been saved and they have also got an idea. I have received a lot of positive comments.  Please tell me how it went in this and I  I have uploaded my first video for my members who have joined me, this will be their journey, great videos will keep coming on this as well, there will be videos in its favour and its customer third party thing on the video, so those who want to understand things a little deeply  I enjoy it, in a video I tell you guys this much in the 9th year, I will also explain it very well so that you guys can understand the justification of these 10 which are used in the middle, so please like, subscribe  If you haven't subscribed to the channel yet then please thank you