Hello friends, there is turmoil in the share market, I am feeling nervous for some weekends, I have brought an opportunity for you all in this video course series to give peace to the mind, there is a mental model to give peace, zero questions, so what are zero questions? You can approach this concept in the following way: Have you ever bought a share late? I got it late for Rs 1 lakh and he got it for Rs 1.5 lakh, he got it for Rs 2 lakh. Okay, you are ahead in profit. If you sell the shares of your initial capital and go out, the lion's share of the profit will remain but your cost will be 0.2%. This is a very easy concept of zero cost affair. Now why is this concept necessary in this? Its revision one is this.  That in practice an average inverter can extract power from the maximum, you are not talking about a normal gift full time investor, he is doing it from morning to evening.  He may be able to press forty-fifty but even a normal Musaddilal office person can press 25. So many times what happens is that we buy such a share that we make profit in it and then we book that entire profit.  And then you buy some other share and that share also goes to puberty, then in order to do mental accounting, we come to know how much is the profit because all the time we are investing, buying, it is increasing and putting money in.  If you are buying the seeds with money and if you sell the shares which have increased and buy something with that money, then this is a great way for the retail investor. There are two or three conditions in this that the company should be in good condition and its Gurjars are in good condition.  You are also keeping the shares because if the model itself is bad and it is your profit, say ₹ 100 will go to the web radio and the company's investment will be in the middle, hence its team, then adopt honey, but like I have done in some cases, it is fine and  Who  Also in this video, I will take the names of the remaining people, this is for educational purpose and not meant for advice and something like Hindustan Sugar Company, their blouse was selling some hair worth four rupees and at that time the sugar cycle was now on cycle. Go and do media research etc. then it was known that if the market is in a bullish market then it is okay to buy like shares, if four news items had like shares, then something worth Rs 4.25 lakh has been written, which will increase by Rs 10.  1115 Till 20 Visheshgya Abhishad I do n't know, 15 16 is going on since that match, my initial amount was Rs. 4.25 lakhs at the time of that match, I took out what was left, tell me who is my hero, then when those zero cost people are moving in the market.  If we fall then some fatigue is reduced. Another way is to take it at zero cost. New Delhi. Now I have many shares which have been giving dividend for many years like this for 12 years, 15 years.  I got as many shares as I had bought, that is, if I had bought shares in shoes, it is like the example of NHPC from late. Okay people, then you see how much dominant has I got in 12-13 years, so I did not sit down and calculate it, but I have so much noise that as many as  If you have got the details of the city in which you bought the city and more than that, then in that way also your zero can be considered as shares. Okay, so this is for mental accounting which is practical which is very dangerous for investors and which is very  If he is ahead in investment then he will do this concept in which is fine video will say that this festival will get share of good company holding it I love you celebrate and this means 2004 but one mute my at this time it helps in keeping it during times me  Know this is my love profit ok ok some lion like houses in 80's area with ITC you know let's get petrol on exam  Disclaimer, first of all, all the names of lions which are being taken are for the question purpose, you will buy yours only after using it daily, you have a CTC, brother, it has also given a very strong dividend, now it hovers at 225, sometimes it goes to 20, friends. Sometimes he runs and it becomes 250. You know he plays between 220 to 6065. Okay, but look ahead to him because my purchase is very high.  If the earlier rate is very low then come then 19 Look Forward to the Great Dividend Switch I Keep Getting Not Another Share Series in the World and this is fine NMDC also has such a plant where different types are available in large numbers and  The share definitely runs towards the court, if you have given it a lot to the company which was very fond of Holi for many years, that school India don't no brainer, the vote of the Ukrainian class brother will get it, then if there is a problem, then your  So one is Coal India, so if at that time the people who have won many, many situations, are Nobel winners, at that time, it means there is no need to use much brain, it will not be explained further, I am making an edition video of this as examples.  This does not mean that you just go to the call, now you go and start pressing the buttons, now the rate has increased as compared to what it was at that time a few months ago, but it is a play which gives very good rental ventilate, I am saying every.  Bar List Video Dividend Yield is ok so you are getting Dividend Lakshmi so in some more DVDs if you want to play games then also invest in infrastructure bonds Power Grid is also doing well that is also good ok then I had bought a share and told that it is better to buy it than buying a commercial property because it invests money in ready to move in and not under construction. 50% of the money is the amount of money earned, is it listener rent, is it to give acid, then you can do research on that too, there are three, okay, this is from Brick Field - the third is from, write in the comment section, which one is okay?  These are the times to come, these will also come, it is okay, those people who are involved in investment infrastructure and power grid can also forward, if you are okay, then they too should be taken care of, the dual will come out good, you see, do delegations to see what system is there.  There is an agency inside it which manages the blood, which in this case is being done by the power grid people and puts it in those life projects because you cannot buy transmission projects, the transmission cables are going from here to here.  There is a project worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore, you have a small share in it, you have to take care of the money on time, so you also have to clear the returns, see for yourself how you have received since last June, I will come and tell you the syllabus in S8 picture, you people will also have to do some hard work and homework, absolutely.  come and kneel  To provide portfolio management service, I am not running, okay, my name is to tell you such things, according to investment, shares are straight, stops are mutual funds, shares are sovereign gold coins, Sufi tomorrow, towards script and Nifty.  If you want to go in that direction too, I will try to explain and tell you that all these things unite, but before this, your song should be based on fan style, so it is not that  You don't have to keep the period, it's not that you don't have to keep real estate, that's the song base, it's okay, if your baby is set, all the rentals are there, then you have to play both the edits, never do real estate versus equity, real estate is land.  All going into equity. Too much in equity. You can buy some more small property. Take out property and put it in there. Then start putting in egg free equity on its right side. Never make one is the meaning of the best toner.  For Something You Know Will Rule Please Do It Falling Times There is no time to do research to find out, those children who are in the market, those children who think that I will invest money in the stock market and withdraw so much money by reading and this will happen to me And I will not have to work, this flower inheritance is fine, wash the hair, it is fine while learning and then there should be a smile on the face, there should be stability, there is fun in investment, Immersion Nazar concept, I have never  It was told in Manmani Mindset, now tell me the unit space on return, how much return did you get, how much express had to be taken in it, the size of this thing is also very important, so how did you guys like this video, tell me, do you want more such videos and small ones?  Small Mental Accounting Mental Models Rest in Peace Snake Book If You Can Keep It Right, It's OK Small Tips Practical Tips, It's OK Tips to Buy Shares Never Get It Never Investment Barot Conviction Tips Giver  There is a lot to take, there is a lot to take, don't get involved in their affairs, it is okay, do some of your studies and more of your job, because in this journey, never make fun of someone else's question paper by leaking true and false and you will not get a job. It is okay that your  It is money from whom you are asking, he does not know anything, neither do you have complete knowledge of his knowledge nor do you know about it, he should tell you and grade it differently tomorrow. Opposite position: First of all, you do not know how much money he is getting and also yours.  If the salary is one and a half lakh, if someone pulls a thread worth Rs 10 or 20 lakh, then the diet chapter one person can be easy, the player is fine, he can put as per his own, so don't follow people, only listen to people, no 10 syllabus to your daily, clear stock thousand from this.  There are investments and grades that a fielder will front, so what is ROC, what is accused, what is book value, what is PY, what is if.  If you want to learn this basic thing, please comment in the comment section and tell me like I explain real estate in a simple way. Same sir, I will explain this only, I will only explain that it is right, I will not tell you, buy Amber Enterprise, buy that, buy Shaurya, Jamna Auto.  I will not tell you how to buy it at all, ok I will never give any stock, register the names of medicines which have been taken for channel purpose, do your own research and on your own conviction only. Investing is based on one's own logic, is there any logic, is there any logic, like if LIC has been issued, then India Life Insurance is under-penetrated, everyone knows, then should we invest in LIC, okay, what do you think about investing in LIC IPO? How many notes should I apply? How many chances are there to get it? Okay, the government is giving a little discount to retail investors. Is it okay? So, have you given your only comment?  Write in the section and keep making these videos interesting like this. Thank you Hey A