Hello friends, today let us tell you one thing about the market equipped with virus market in WhatsApp, now we have traveled in the last one and a half year in the polishing of real estate. Taking the example of Gurgaon real estate, the market has been moving from virus market to former Sailesh. What does Smart mean? It means that the seller who is a saver and a talking tom is not the primary sales notary, which is the first time that in a bull market, resale is the cold.  This is happening because its basic is the basic region which is this new technology of construction has increased the possibility of Malvankar Sakun I want to buy old in resale which is not my one and this price differential was the same for the one which was made earlier but which was the normal one.  There was no difference in pricing with them, if you want, I have put 578 of one on this channel, if you guys want, the French first subscribers would have also increased a lot, so if you want.  That's the rally done by showing a little bit of fresh one and show some clippings, it does n't show normally, you must have seen that I am Japanese somewhere and I don't do that kind of Raju guide work somewhere, okay, time to show, put any big do something but.  I don't think it's okay, yes, I think that if people take whatever they want, then not having them would be the biggest expense of one's life. If it was an expense above real estate, then tell me, there would not be so much expense in marriage and in children, which is actually the case.  the most important thing in life  It's a big expense, you can't move even for that, you yourself are independent, but on someone else, that's shown in the photo and you're a [ __ ], I don't think it's a day, you definitely have to tell me your temperament, you definitely have to tell me, that's why you always tell me at home.  You will see the strip while sitting comfortably, this does not mean that hard work is not being done, also traveled a lot, okay, so I will tell you here, I will explain, if you are interested in India only, I wanted to tell that which  There is a saver market, now the builder is deciding. Reddy hot promises are coming. Then tell him that if I have to talk like a list, what difference does it make? Justified in objective formats. The builder has given Rs. 500 to Bigg Boss. Then again. People do not care about appointing people, people talk and the maintenance of internet will be more and will increase and when you Meghnad, even milk will be expensive, school fees will also be expensive, buckle up for retirement.  You will have to work even after this, you will have to subscribe, if you want to live in Clash Of Live-in, then you must have heard about such survival in India, and leave the big cities, go to small cities, then that option remains. But who would want to live in a big city, this is the last time you have seen such people in Mumbai market, 15000-18,000 and then after that 30450-4000 normal people live.  It is said that after going out, they travel in the same train, their clothes are normal, but if they live in those houses, then there means how many crores in 360 feet, there is a compromise in that, the time spent on it is as much as Mumbai but not in two digits, the enemy is 10,000 F-35.  If the digits are fine then if the program runs in four digits then it is clearly moving towards 1000, the market is becoming an end salad market with this setting. On very little in more, they will come down on their own accord, so the number of tantrums that were there are less in this, you will feel that not only the inventory, people are getting a lot of tension, whatever they do, you are also feeling it.  It may be that I am feeling like taking money as I used to do earlier when I used to go for a walk, so there is a slight decrease in it. This is an indication of a bullish market. If you are feeling this, then please do keep this thing in the teaching. And please your  belt it out  Those who want to buy, which is an absolutely imperfect world, who travels, only monitoring, no money, no money, will give the house, now their request to them, please monitoring, master of great souls that you are rotten, e don't is obscene, what has happened, this 12000 rupees, 13000 rupees, how to do this?  It was 8000, what did you do? How much did the monitoring set of the actress cost? How was the payment done? Tweeting is coming in the clans that  Discounts were being given, changes are taking place in them, changes are taking place in the size, so while keeping the tickets same, like Maggi, 100 grams to ninety grams, vashikaran, seventy grams, that friend is equipping a minute, the rooms will seem small to everyone, to anyone, this is mine.  It is claimed that the rooms will not seem bigger in any fresh launch in the coming time. This is the noise of price rise, yet some will like it, it will seem less, it will seem more, it is individual, but it will not seem that you  Anger, please speak carefully, Valve, I have spent three crore rupees, I have spent three crore rupees, so click this thing and it is wow, it will be like this, the properties will not come, they will come like this, okay, this has happened nowadays, yes, this is okay, so this is a slow effect which  It's happening and you have to be live for it, subscribe, just moving towards 25000, have few children, put some effort, give it to your friends, then give one for 31st March, which is my personal target.  Will help me do that thing and deductive membership is here my real estate course is going on 2829 videos have been posted on very subtle subjects which no one discusses and the research 6585 opening form platinum m bus ginger platinum  Have taken membership and my exclusive platinum members are not on it then they can also comment, I will do it for them because it is not automatically right to do so.  Have to tell that yes, I have taken it and will do it, how did you like it? Share the video, thank you.