Hello friends, this is an interesting video. There is also a small promotion of the channel. Connect different dots in life to make the biggest picture. Meri Naukri series is going on. There is a family series, there is a marital series, there is a money mindset series and go to the play list to watch it.  This is the real estate master's series. If you connect 5 series, you will get charity in life. All five, all the links, no on YouTube, in the country is approaching, on this channel, in this, everyone.  Our individual is holding something very good, we have very good expertise, very good channel, Sam Baju, good and big, from YouTube, but today I am telling my special team that I am carrying these five things, there is essence in these five things, if your job is  Thi ki nahi hai personal life is irritated personal life is not right your senses and effective my video will come beach bed marriage and how he rammed and see navmi ki bloody mary in investing ok 10 off  Strollers Related Teachers Pe Conflict Management Consultant So I am bringing the juice of everything. If you connect the dots of my videos, then it will be very good in your personal life. According to you, this is a very good picture, it will make a lot of money. Now the reviews are very scary for premium subscribers. You will go to the community page of Gurgaon project, you will see the project of your choice and you will see it for free.  You can take membership, this is a demand membership of Rs 30 but it is not the list on YouTube of the month and it is worth the content, so you can add whatever premium subscribers you have till now and I am not the cream subscriber on telegram group.  They can WhatsApp, I will let you know about that Telegram group. Those of you who are my subscribers are not yet directly connected to Mirch and want to join me.  You can press on WhatsApp that this is a set miss you are subscribed, there is another request to all the subscribers that 1 to 2 subscribes, if you like the content then increase it because the discount is coming now, you will see the frequency of my content is increasing.  Abhi and variety toh hai fufi ke liye to it's coming later hai tu meri because se canal stop mike consultations aur reduce every difficulty to  This is I will request your support so if the base will be big then subscribe then I will do more topics like this and very good very interesting notes top ten year notes heart not talk peace level not for topic lakar aaya hoon tujhe not topic lakar aaya  If I am, then I can completely ask for likes from you. Please like this video if you like the content and would like to discuss further topics which perhaps people have not even thought of and should be discussed.  Because of us there is so much ice on social media, our leave is normal, from TV channel to news channel, speech is in invoice, I am seeing that those who often fool us in life, do real facts, those things are not even being discussed and we  To create such an environment in the society that what ever they think actually within hours the society needs to be talked about and hunted what should be the things which should be topped more.  December Details Setting Loop And Now Skit Always Like This Way Moon It's The Power Full Influencers Person I Use Rehab Involves Setting Android I'm Very Clear In My Channel Want To Go To Middle Class Most Welcome You Are Recharge You Like Something  If you want to stay connected on my channel, this death butt of mine and this middle class end is found from below, then you set for the topic. Now my recent topic was Lighting, people liked it very much. And that kind of topic which will make you a little bit like a traffic light, subscribe to it. My idea is that such things will increase your thinking power and you should discuss those things with your wife, with your family, with your friends instead.  24 hours to discuss someone's politics, to discuss cricket or English, things like this, if you have no direct benefit in this, then you will keep in this, will put it. Thanks, opposition, I want my subscribe. My voice is that you should not do any such work in life in which there is no benefit, that is, there should be some benefit for you, if you do such things on daily basis, endlessly, in which there is no benefit to you and you keep listening and the animal serves you.  Is going to be served ahead and how you can be very selective between content of which you want you have to be fruitless anything which does not and value means event and Central Saunf Baruth Less Just Do Not Waste on 2030 and my also content is on a consistent basis and if you feel that it is not doing value addition then I am saying something, I am not in vain, Ignore also are the creators, I am a point because I eat it  If I am here then I will keep in mind that my aim is always to come and give something new which will add value to your life.  If I am able to do this then please like it in the comment section and give handsfree mode switch like if you want to support the channel who also want to support then get a ₹10 membership with diamond lining the join button and you  Can Join? If iPhone users are not able to join, please let me know in the comment section or description. Premium membership of these points is normally very easy to pay through Google.  The fuked ocean sets checks, all cards are not accepted, snacks are not accepted, only pimple transactions are preferred, money is wasted, Google thanks these investors.