Hello friends, I will talk about real estate market general in India and good for marketing particular. There are some interesting things which are given to those who come forward on WhatsApp and also to me because you know what is my position, what is my opinion.  Whoever comes to the counters to drink something else, it also comes to me, so on that I am talking about those who tell me interesting things, what is happening in the stock market, what happened in crypto, the friends and influencers are the ones who are running the stock market exchange.  All those players and big names, this report published in the newspaper, these people will discuss them, it will not be a long video, in 4 to 5 minutes, I would like to present my point very simply, and your audience has been listening to them for so long.  If we meet then he also has to be made a dictator. Definitely Kamat ji, the thing I am against is the name Virudh. There was a lot of discussion on his Twitter. He started speaking against real estate and why was I needed? A year ago.  So he didn't speak and he didn't speak six months ago and what happened now, these warriors were demat warriors, happy slow twins, who have been playing this game for two years by taking their parents' money, getting a new job or quitting their job, taking inheritance money.  They were playing on the computer and the market was moving on one side so they said no warrant and factory saying winner tight gold back volver swimming naked discovered not till the water reaches here  If it would have been known then it would have been known who was there according to how much knowledge and who had how much power, then you will do trading readings of all the stock exchanges and brokerage houses, that is why there is a program of buy once and never and setbacks.  Go, then what is the program? Now these children are getting dispersed. I told you, Inch Updated Toe Me Mandal, what happened to this world, it means that the shop is closed, it is okay, I do n't know what is the meaning of Fit Coin, but  bitcoin  Where is that calculation program? So now it has been well illustrated that those who were sitting by pressing subscribe and the youngsters already want to become through age, you are sitting with these last year 2010 and 20 lakhs should play some games then I  Entertainment is also a thing, so even if she does such work, then who is her husband, then by doing this work, you are rich and investing in this way, then she said that I am this  It is also understandable, isn't it, that these days they would be so expensive outside that if you used to invest in that newspaper in the skin, once it becomes 18, then increase it to 18 and he would take four more from you for ₹ 5, then it would be 13.  It works according to 14 but for advertisement sake, the advertisement is visible on its page, but the news which is here is that one.  This is not an advertisement, it is an arrow treatment, you understand, this is how it turned out, this is a rock, Barrack Shamrock, they have done it in such a way that there is as much unsold inventory in Gurgaon as in Noida, this much in no other, that is, 6 months ago, Horse Champion, then Noida Champions Trophy Champion, then you.  Champion, then I Champion, we see the headlines and people do not read them, but if you read the article, you will know the truth because a person cannot write many lies in his name.  Look, like I am now supporting me, I am telling something inside, then outside I have taken my title, if I write something on it, then if you make inference from that title and do not watch the video, then you are forwarding the title.  Now I don't have that much patience, there is an offer to cancel that report too, but let me tell you one thing, you should understand one thing that at one place you get 20 laddus, at another place there are 6 laddus, so eat less laddus at six places but when  There is 20, the conjunction is 10 laddus of 1 hour and peep is laddu, that is the confirmation of one laddu of one hour, so which ones are finished quickly or where 20 is used because someone is sitting in the room, they will finish quickly there.  Nets will end but it is written in these terms of inventory that inquiry system call inventory is happening that Idea is the current rate of conservation of property how.  Many words which will take point on inventory to go for it's something like that if you are sitting on Soran in 20 overs at the color of 5 then if you keep going at the rate of 5 then 50 and I will be your number of runs bhaiya.  If two hundred and fifty runs are made then how much is left in inventory matters? 20 thousand units is your 20 thousand units. The condition of your A quarter is four thousand units. Okay.  Even if A quarter is of 3 months, if there are 5 quarters, they are on the date of Rs 4000, then it will end in 15 months. It is going on all time low, Delhi NCR has reached 28 months which is 123 forums in last year 2021. That strike rate was Hardik Pandya type India batting, whatever your pressure 15 Mata Jaisalmer Tehsil was not looking at it, okay then those sixes-fours and dying good days boys are okay  So the one which is batting has now reached 28 months, now you don't even know if the property is launched then it takes 4 years to 5 years to be built. Deendayal type also likes dry Singh, so only 28 months.  If there is anything left then find date of birth at this rate, mismatch and other agencies, I would like to tell you one thing, I will also destroy the inventory. It is not only difficult but impossible to understand, it is a project.  There are 500 flights, launch it at 300. Friends, it is available in many markets, otherwise it can be 30. He is not paying the salary, he has to send it. It will be made for ₹ 2000 in 4 years. If I launch a new one, what will the project be if it sells thousand units on the first day?  It will become soft and it will become my A in this year and I will build it in 3 phases and I will first take the middle one and then the thick one. To start the tower, construction 20 cent units will be sold out.  Need formula for grade tower, shop is flying late, so I will sell it for Rs. 20 on that day, I will show the tax for it, before that, I can't, people will be reading to put money in their pockets and people are roaming around with money in their pockets, there is tension in real estate.  There is no need to even sell the middle, they want to cash, want the late holding path, name is lotto result, and those who survived, those who died, those who were only Indians in the earlier times, more money, real estate, it takes time to heat the pan.  It became hot and hot, hot, hot, hot for a long time. It is not a cycle of living or dying like the stock market. It is three-four years old in the trend, then everyone shares in it that till the time I am very happy, people who come and make it negative. Many people come that when there are many negative people then their number is also very many and in their inference there are many people who are negative, this is very haldi and electric because there are many entry, many people, a lot of population, currently those who are doing negative.  There is and is becoming a tasty market in the midst of this, the day everyone will prepare that brother, take it, that is the time, from this will start coming, the foam of cold coffee is still appointed from the late diet, punch note in the stock market, people thought will only  If a British company keeps on growing then its speed will skyrocket, growth also has a relative value, it is not the sector that comes, it is not the technology that comes, it is the company that comes.  New people go and then do something again and then money is earned there, so what should I say to the stock market, don't invest bad money, brother, it is very good, the army canteen is very good, very good, but if the equity people Tell Jhala Jhala to come within the last 20 minutes, that is, I want you to see only where the big money is going, don't do real estate vs equity anytime, everyone will take brother laddus, both the distribution of kheer and also the special halwa. Eat and eat the second jalebi, this idea and this is that process, who is this versus don't do it, be a youngster, first take a base and when it becomes safe, play both the games in it, then this image is going and I am investing because I if  If you have invested your own capital, then Guru cannot help you here, you have to use both the things, and the parents are scolding the children, I told you, don't invest your money in crypto, I know that this recipe might have reduced by putting the number, don't put it.  If your way of telling was not right or your knowledge was not right, if your boy was an inspired girl in anything else then the first thing was wrong no it is just cycle gear putting out money time yes yes script is regulatory right but bitcoin itself  In textbox in technology itself but things skin intermediaries and when I tell you one more I will tell you the attitude of the government. Look where is the government head and if he is displeased with the juice.  If you have a nose then that thing will not work for how many blocks you can do it, I also do technology, definitely subscribe to it, if I am very good then you have put it in the bank which you know and then if that bank gets exhausted then so.  That thing was fine, but you first send a cup of flour, your money got stuck, you can't put any more, you can't take it out, now who will do it, now if it is in a normal bank, then that comment comes, there is some insurance in it and some money. even up to lakh rupees  If you have invested so much money of 200000 rupees then there is so much noise that you get that who said government inside the cards, I was the first to say, Sumit, if you confuse me, then who will listen to you, that thing was wrong, but what kind of money you print.  If you are able to explain it to your children and if you are not able to explain it then you are free, now you cannot doubt the child, if your child is getting influenced by something wrong then what are you doing then he You can't run away from it. My request to youngsters is to make your life so that they can never go below it. After that, as you grow older, as money comes, you can do exotic investments. All you can do is exam.  Don't know what you are buying Temp Coin Antique Art Furniture Click on Shyam Better than this and they are physical There is no circulation in them, gave note and pressed all buttons Digital is so physical  Physically you will see, now you will see some things like this, love your contacts is different, it is like this, it is a math, there are 77 many things and to reach that level, start with the one below, first set the one below as yours, then the message is that just for some thing.  Please get any thing, read it completely and understand how to be called a poet, the day you will understand what ever you want to say, any report, you have this helpline number and many people are my subscribers and so  When we forward Happy Solve, then 40 to 50 of them write that this is what is written, this is the line and article, Bhishma should not even tell about what is generator conservation of this other thing, this happened, which was the old project of TG. He would be standing in the market, someone had given him the right office, he would be standing again and it is like Minerva has become your Tata, that little cotton Jatin after doing Capital Gateway. Someone listens by looting Amazon Ungli word use, okay, so there are some projects like this, there are old projects of Dwarka Expressway, some Swamy Funds, Swamy946 Me, the front ones are standing that means it is good for those people, they will get the object, who were the people whose  Money was stuck and if you account for the inventory there also every minute, then the inventory is not the same, meaning its valuation is different, if it is bought by a different party, then concentrate and run.  It is important to know the rate, while the important thing for you is not in the loot numbers, what is important is what is the inventory and at what rate it is going, what is the speed, it is very easy to hear in the steps follow terms, brother, how much money is there in your bank. Brother, if you are united then it is a lot. If you have one crore, brother, then you are spending close to a lakh per month and you don't know what expenses you have maintained, which car, how many drivers, Edison events. Don't you know?  Everyone among you is full of expenses, everyone keeps asking like this, you spend every day partying with us while drinking alcohol and your monthly expenses are 67 lakhs, so brother, one day we will have Martinas because you will exhibit in how many bones, tell us brothers and sisters. Leave and half inch ends in 15 and a half months. There is another normal person, Musaddilal, whose expenses are ₹ 50 and he is living a comfortable life. So brother, he gives five to one crore. Guru will do it at six percent, whatever is easy, five to seven eight percent, a little FD, a little mutual fund, this is just a month, brother is earning 70 thousand rupees and out of that he is spending 50 thousand rupees, the beans are children, that too again.  This brother is putting in it, it will never end, the money is the same, but you have to understand the run rate, how to deal with money and how to see the number, number statistics itself.  Will Not Convey This Will Require Higher Oil Things First Flight Article System Which Was It's Been Circulated Who Is The Author What Does The Third Us You Go To A Buffet See That My Hair Should Get The Right Haircut You Know There Are Three On Your Head  He Subscribe Attacks Anytime Channel Yes Brother Sab Barabar Ko Many People Is U Ask Unhappy Be Ander Living Depend Wonderful To Only He Will  Never cent on your understanding, so if you ask from the bar then share mine, ask your wife, your son, your daughter, your family members, air cooling will remove the hair from growing, it looks fine, cut it in the diet also in the next week, the answer is when you  Ask Someone Tells You About Workshop and Standing In He needs a haircut, yes, there is a requirement to level it from behind, we need you to level it again and again, you drive your car  Will go to some shop with the help of a mechanic but she will also be running a scam, you doctor go here, innocent, come here, he will find out anything, it may be true, we are not Even Singh's liar, but at least something will come out, because how else will he get it out?  The war will continue, you have come now, so get the 13 bracelets changed, get the hair oil changed, the engine valves are looking a little thick, this one is monstrous, this one is a little conch, this one below, get this done and that end.  That is visible, we will have to do it, okay, so you have come, points are raw message and this was a mature video in itself and Waters and daughter are not impressed by subscribing, the guy who said one crore ki achcha achcha brain under the tutelage, why are you suffering from the public?  I am absolutely not, it should not be readymade, by taking shares, there is more disorder, it is not good at all, because I have not seen the middle and where the white money is going, where is the company going, money is also of different types.  Do you want a video on this and which money do you have to follow? By doing two follows, every money has a result. Smart money is money.com, BBMB is used, it also creates something, it is okay, you have to eat all the money, but  There is a difference between both of them, how should both be done, if you want it, then you can tell me in the comment, it takes more time to understand, make it on time, thank you.