Shravan 's Hello friends, I was getting a lot of questions on cryptocurrency, I could have answered it myself, my awareness level is not that high in this, so that I can tell you as easily as I do on other topics, whenever someone  If you have to tell about any thing, then if you have knowledge of 500, then you can deliver it in 100, which remains to us, so sorry, my knowledge on this subject is limited.  500 but if not then Awaaz, I have brought a guest with me, I have requested that this is the first time this kind of thing is happening on my channel, so I request you all to bring this kind of format just to bring this thing. You people please like this thing because this gas of ours is in great demand, we are very busy as per our schedule, I have requested time from him, the name of our gas is Ajay Ahlawat ji, welcome Ajay ji, welcome to the  Channel and Light Socrates Today we will talk about Cryptocurrency PIN, we will talk in very lemon language, I will do something strange that the audience listening should know that please do listen to the name of Patharia City and there are many articles in many newspapers.  The Prime Minister has even taken a meeting on anti-this all over social media space. You people read a lot about advertising and if you know anything then today we are very simple and at the basic level.  We will discuss this on a very dry server, I will limit it to 5-6 questions, I will try not to make the video too long, because when the Bigg Boss video will be there, if the interest of the audience will come, you will get good comments in the comment section and want to get information, there will be specific questions, I will request them from you.  That we will do a call log video again, so the first question is that basically do that test and do it. Thank you so much for inviting and channel and watching in.  Videos from Kumon: Your medicine of knowledge is very useful for everyone, so first of all, in the same category, please also visit Vada or from where. It happened around the time of the First World War, when the army used to code this for money to send messages.  Thi Meen To Sure To Customer Cryptography Address Subjects For Almost Three Decades Of This Practice Is Doing A New Which App Lock Change Democracy You Consider It A Register That When A Register Of Our Data  When it is filled, we start with the second one, which is an electronic register in which all the old data is also available for the next block. All these things used to unite, now I will give you an internal contacts money, Yadav 2018 letter half, that was the time.  When big finance like subscribe license was done on Lehman Brothers then and night was the setting of both that next toe becomes nothing, you worked hard and added money and bought bonds  And he came in the mood of water, at the time of the same crisis, Santoshi is a gentleman, we have failed, so we can do gentleman, I can be, whoever can be, but he has always been the universe, there is no information about him, there is no one with any claim.  Can't say the name of the member who wrote the paper on it was Peer To Peer Week that now he says why the Central Bank has got a sovereignty, create currency there and every standing hour is garlic Central Bank why not sidence  He wrote that paper on creating our own currency, if transfer of value could be done electronically, then on implementing it, if we introduced enable toe, then Bitcoin became the first cryptocurrency whose security was derived from cryptography, whose record was maintained on elections and to maintain that security. And to maintain that boxing - basically there is a need for a record - they used to say and they were involved in the report, which became Bitcoin, then these very  In simple and short, this is the history of cryptocurrency, specifically theirs and then the rest of the cryptocurrency pundit, okay sir, this is the one in which you used less block chain, then you told about cryptocurrency, its underline technology, the hard work that is quoted, it is a change, so a little bit about it. You will tell me in a little more detail under the line what is this boxing contest and can it be used for something else because what else can we do by separating the boxing crypto currency a little.  You can also see that Bill Boxing is a crypto currency, I will question it further, still people are attacking a lot from inside, but I see a consensus on lock change that it is nothing, please give information about it.  Depending on the browser, you can consider boxing as a goods train in which one compartment is attached one behind the other and the first compartment is the engine. In fact, in a goods train, there is an engine in the box. It is called the Genesis Block, so all the information is recorded in the Genesis Block.  This block of soldiers was made for this, after that you load gold in the goods train, load silver, load coal, load animals, load humans, it is all your choice. It is a login platform of information and is such a good sister that you can neither store information in it nor can you  You can neither search nor go back in the grinder history and comment any data. For example, if your land record is on locked channel, then land records.  This will always be accurate and you do not need to fit it because the same box in Whispers is a distributed ledger. If any entries are made in this box then that layer, you understand that it is a register and land records, everyone has a photo copy of it.  If there is an entry and everyone has it, then if someone tries to make a fake entry then everyone will reject the changes. Change of clothes that is contained.  If you understand the information brochure process then we can say on this that there is a timestamp and a torque thing that the timestamp was placed on it, it could not be gone back and plated again. See, many of the big maintenance is done by translating your voice mail and data transfer. Information is stored, every data is stored with a timestamp, but it is stored on one or two friends of the company's server. 10:00 There are custodians, we trust them to keep that data secure but there is no requirement till box 9th trust equipped ledger, I have made all the information open to whoever has downloaded it, that information will go to everyone. If there is a dispute, then who  If 1% people of the village are considered to be alone, then next year you have more than twenty one percent, you have the lashes of lock change, you can do it and holiday as per your choice.  It is not even possible, the course is hot and the board is this year, so it is a product of god of quiet protocol, you cannot own it, sir, does anyone care about this, if I see the Max Pro Quad of this, then if this data is government.  Keeps taking how much will be spent in it i.e. Income Tax i.e. in whose name you own the property, if these things will be kept on boxing then there would be no need to fit anyone like asking to extract someone's data, available for  Every body means from the common man to the government to the whole world, who has access to what, if they do not do this in this age with this technology, especially those which are very expensive, let's see any one above Rs 1 crore.  The thing is, is it a property or is there any acid or is it painting or is there any other amendment or is there any meeting witch you don't have a particular figure then if it is done with boxing then the government will have to do that.  So much of income tax and all this is being maintained and people are willing to do a lot of it, meaning that they will get their money, do it and don't do it, it should be positive in a way, it will have to fit in on your time or individual privacy, what do you think about the last two things?  There are many benefits of pressure zone and most of them are technical, so instead of that, let me give you a real life example. Last year, when the generations were last, a campaign was run on the last not last time, Times of India listed  Show that you are on essential duty, you are a help worker, you have a plate, you are a train driver who cannot vote on that day, or your voter ID is in Gurgaon but in Mumbai for Guthli, or you are in the army, or all postal ballot powders, red chillies.  Recent Post Letter Love Nahi Hai You are available at your place where you are registered at the polling booth, this is a presentation Deflection Commissioner Sunil Arora ji has just retired.  I had tried to explain to them that if the voting box is on them, then it does not matter which corner of the world you are in. People's Change will work for you too and you can vote sitting at home from anywhere.  And he had agreed to make this pilot project and in the India Today Conclave he said that it is okay, he has told the team like I did, if you can vote from home then the voting percentage in your country will be 165 265. Voting percentage remains in the rate of 7520. Participative democracy is democracy because we don't know about 40% of those who did not speak, so this is a real life example of it, the rest is on someone's time. Records are being held on elections, if boxing is possible then it is real life.  Technology can solve the problem and it will take you some time to understand the technology in the government exam. Then again on crypto currency, you can do this.  First of all, what is this, what is the name of Bharti, how much is Bharti's main market share, who has the main market share, which is the less main one and to discuss this also, to talk about how much is it legal and how legal is the government of RBI in India. What is the activity, which means it is on the paper, because of the different tax options of the government, they also call it different, it is the interview of RBI quarter, but practically it is called log on the subject.  India Against Corruption, first of all, what kind of hatred, if there are 34 questions in it, if we do it then what kind of kindness should we give, first of all, and in today's time, crows speak this with almost 30 percent of the people, all the smartphones track it.  Let's go and then by mixing, the percentage of these two can be around two thousand plus, but you and I can get it, but when everyone is there, similarly among cryptocurrencies, there is Bitcoin and  Here we can do a video about them later, so for now it is enough that the bank is a cryptocurrency, not Bitcoin and its different forms are mentioned in Vipin Liquid Soap Cryptocurrency, it was written that since 2011, its 600  It became a trend and at the same time, as it happens with everything, people started saying a lot of things on the basis of 'who are you?  If not even the agencies, then this is a means of fooling the people and at the same time, many website changes were launched in Ghee India, then I crushed it. SEBI called the fans, RBI told the banks that if the transaction of any individual is done through these exchanges.  There is an account, you press it, on the basis of this all these changes have formed a unit, there is a group of one, they went to the Supreme Court and told them what to buy and what to send on someone's day. People can't do this, you can't give advice whether it is right or wrong, what you are seeing but our operations are not legal, now the Board has all the records, returns are filed, you stop it and the Supreme Court agreed with its sensibilities and RBI.  I do circular and here I operate then exam date we can say this is not legal and not at all a dress and I am updating endowments aware of this fact and All efforts are being made to do the Magistrate, you have followed and these are the big issues of the Government Will which has been in use since last few months, how will it be regulated, will it be called an ad, will it be called a commodity, will it be called a currency, will it be treated like gold, silver or will it be used as an oil factory?  Also comment on this and discuss. Click hair pack will give abs. Second, if we have audience with Chiku Bhati or anyone is just strong, what is the procedure to do? You want to go, you want to put ₹ 5000, let's check, which I give to someone from my side, not me, that price is changed by many people, the procedure that I want to go to the pizza sauce, that I have 15.00, whatever third party AC is available, then it is in that.  You tell me how can I buy that as a human being, what do I have to do, if today I am sitting for the first time, I am at my in-laws etc., I also want to play a bit of Bitcoin typing, then how to do what should I do? If after this you felt like I would also like to mix a little bit in it, then there are 30 rough three ways, one happy, these are many websites in which local big coin game with coin are happy websites where you can create your ID and pair the options.  So you will see on it who is selling this currency in your area, at what rate, set up two meeting points, it could be your house, it could be a public place, go there, do your translation and send it to the cash card.  Or you can do it with whatever message is specific in it, I will not do this in the dowry play list, the other two ways are in exchange for dates in India, this is the business of two or three big associations registered, if you want, I will share the PAN, my account on my gender.  Can open it will return on WhatsApp will add now transfer from bank to trial and you can buy this card typing platform quite some time and key top trading tips that third is bank shoe polish investigator news Editor credit card to back changes in which the department of ayush – which is the world's largest at this time volume or coin base jones is regulated, today's date on infections, you can buy grade, I think honey on this and if you have to retail pack in the video, then a little  I have taken one in the introductory class side, but in this, as I buy shares in demat, I see that Asian Paint's price is 50 rupees, this one has 40 rupees to read.  How would it look, how would this one look to me and if I fail him again, then the money earned from oil will come to my normal Indian Bank account like we do, how will it look, depending on which one you use, share. For trading, they have the functionality of IS Acid side Acidity and the person of time has similar functionality, you sent money from the bank to Hydrate, with that money you bought and sold stops or bought another one for 120, all that is given to you there in your account.  If he keeps looking at the date, then once this slogan appears in your account, then you will add the currency Afridi will give to you, you will keep seeing the bedsheet, all this and the day you feel that the money is returned to you, you will see it.  First of all, convert it into Pomegranate and after seeing all those INR in your bank account, the doctor asked us to ask the next accurate question about the common man who writes dreams like investment guru Shailu or Job, many whose  There is a suction like Rakesh Tandon has become a wala, if you go on international, he has become busy and in this way many famous names are there, I am not talking about government again from Bigg Boss government's comment has been sent for B.Ed admission forms will.  Listen to but people who have developed history of investing and have been successful people follow them died in exams  Like and Name of Incentives to Win from the Computer Is this nonsense NDA Speculate or Mote Vriddhi Call Me to 101 All this becomes very confusing for a common man, so on this you can tell that how if we We find many of us like this and the person who is proud in public, whether he is a bad person or the army, is like in your potato family too, then he is speaking openly, speaking on record and a lot of people. Vinegar is also set in the name of Anand Mahindra ji. Okay, now I am also buying Very Strong. No one is buying that thing in my name. Right 5. Now I am wrong like this. 14th tourist is a common public.  Who has to digest it in what way? Okay friend, there are three classes of people who are afraid of A Trip Toe, are afraid or do not like it. The first class is Cambridge Elites General Public. We have so many people in India.  Have you seen scams or watch any new thing, I say that you will get very rapid returns, it has an irreversible flaw, then that Bigg Boss teaser is absolutely right, our history has said that whenever we have come up with something exciting like this, it has turned out to be wrong. This is the result of response class, this is what readers can do with two notches of support and such attractive returns. The second class is of Central Regulatory Institutions, not Central Bank of India, RBI, all the big ones.  There are many people who are against this, that big and small central banks have one place, that too it is natural that the function of one center on the currency is the currency control of the central bank, now if they take it from them, then they will like anti-c class, this special investigation.  I have taken the name of this festival or in my local I have changed it to India first Venezuela, for the sake of information at home, you understand, I have tried to understand some of these, which is Enemed, in today's date you see four or five more big names: Amazon Google Facebook Pink Everyone's inventors investors governors directors subscriptions are well interested Twitter wants to launch its own currency Facebook wants to launch its own currency Apple is on the company Not Launching Sonkar Currency Converter App Will See Your Team * Records His Million-Plus Investment Personal Management Important  Among the things, the desire to share this on our platform is a very requested invention. People who understand the pack well, they know what is its value, they are investing in it between their personal and company, those who do not understand the tape very much.  Or traditional money nor karanyas he is a little reluctant to come in that survive in navatala loot finnish tv before this aarti is also will be coming to get some sort of foreign currency he  What is this thing, how practical will it be, can it be compared with and just chill something Voter Well, this is very interested in the discussion at this time when you first Central Bank Not Decided Central Bank in America Number China Illegal Vendor Crops Chem Toe Know About Toe  Consider displacing people's fat, it will go away, butt was tied, daytime people are worth counter hours, what are its benefits, block is record keeping, so have taken a little bath from Central Bank, one more till today. Told in Arabic that like for example from Paytm, if you ATM was Debit India's app and it made it mandatory, all the colleges, Bharat team, all Bharat team will use it, all the records are with Mumbai, all the transactions are electronic, then it would be very good or either  At this stage, RBI felt that yes, there is some electronic waste from some source which is in the domain of comment, which is controlled by the government, in these also the record of use 512 and Chakli.  As you can see, there are a lot of expenses involved in printing currency. A ₹ 2000 note will be printed, it will be made in a bundle, it will go to the rest house through melt, it will go to the bank through Vaibhav, it will go to the bank's ATM, people will use the ATM, some will burst, some will come back.  There are a lot of actions involved in currency sprint distribution and then removing it and differentiating it, so now there are one or two advantages, one is physical expenses, one is printing and The second advantage of distributive currency is the record's quick and basic data, special tricks, if the government gets it, it is very good, then taking interest from that past, Central Bank loan was arranged, they are their papers, they are us, so a small example is their record in 2009.  Register back record record went out where did that 2450 go no one knows but that 2000 note will be digital currency even if it is in 1 rupee Even if it is distributed, the entire record option will be available from birth to destruction, whatever infections it will have, wherever that note will go, if all that data boxing is developed, then now if the Central Bank has such information, then the office is excited, the Central Bank will not show it. If you want Result 2018 19 Setting On 28 At the time of demonetization, the joke was going on that the Rs 2000 note that came had such a chip in it.  That this point of the lips will come to know, it was found at that time and nothing like this was hidden, but if this technology comes, then who is sitting with the mine, its reaction is Birha Pension for Real State is a fledgling day Indian Zoom Zoom Ashok PM on the sets par ek dum kar diya kaunsi raha chahiye toh im very-very thankful asar for coming and lightning diyas and main yeh isko starter hi maarunga video ko bhi i think they were  Believers Flop Video Record Down Its Effect On Ordinance Not Examined In Comment Want To Call Is This A Snake's Don't Will Do Its Duty Attracts Acidity We That She Some By A Personally I Took Interest In This Piece And Put In Coffee  There are a lot of technical tips in this English. There are four thousand articles in English in big newspapers and there are interviews, but from inside it is not understood in a basic way. It is very difficult to understand a human being and the government, whatever the person is saying, if I talk to the people then only two things are good, this is bad, that is the big stocking, like the basic and regular ads of my channel, give clarity to those people, Alex People.  Decide Dacoit Bad Kya Hai To I Think Every Under Secretary Level Famous Sales Thank Option Record