Hello friends, today's topic in the Real Estate Education Series is Yes's Fennel, Mumbai Real State. In this, we will discuss a little about the real estate of Mumbai and from this discussion we will take two takeaways. So even if you have not invested in Mumbai, you do not want to do so.  You must watch the video, it is a little interesting, you must also listen to it and at the end I will give you some related points, it is a very big subject in itself, it cannot be covered in one go without saying a little about the condition.  If you come to me then I will also tell you its points so let's start Mumbai Real Estate Mumbai Real Estate Mumbai was given as dowry to Charles II of England in 1661, it is a very old city with old history or it has a proper court in 855 Convert in C chart  It became a very old city, Nike Karibe village India, it had a big role in the freedom movement, this area got a bit of culture and papdi history in the city which is as old as the city. Real estate there is very solid and we will go to the progress of Curiosity. Now what is this problem in 2016? When Rashta was built, this city is old. Click here. The curious case is that the weight goes a lot. People are always happy with this.  Thinking that Gurjar can give them another 66, this is too much, how can people earning this amount live in houses worth Rs. 1.25 crores? Because there will be more things, trust, how can a person buy a house worth Rs. 1.5 crore, whose salary is Rs. 16750, then this is a cream set, so on this occasion, I will tell you how both the nouns have been used here, as long as the builders have given the rate to Hari Hi here.  Never bought land, even if there were many mills or mills for cotton, the North never converted the mill land into winters or anyone's private land.  Did n't buy the land, correction cost is usually the same, saved even after 40 years, ₹500, ₹1000, ₹15, ₹2000 support is still there, so Bhinder owned that line of Malwa, he never bought the cost, so its meter was never installed. As for the interest, he took it at a higher rate, which was a little in the pot, he had no option to monetize the policy, so how is it right, as soon as the money comes, we will adopt it. Builder Koot never felt scared, so all his property, whatever was mutilated, was his property because he had ₹ 2000 ₹ 3000 Reported situation, historical, this is what was happening, now I will tell you what is happening, okay, so this story has always been there, hence leave edit.  There are local builders on the footer, body builders have never come and the rest of the things inside it which cannot be covered by the hints are in the public platform, so all those mafia joints had used different NAAC organization builders.  All that is Bhisma Parmesan as the builder earned this kind of money, you one after that and this experiment and one Mumbai is the only place where the likes of flats have been completed, broken and rebuilt because the net collection here is very high.  It has been given soon, this has come first in India, so the likes of the flats are not complete, hence we all have to follow many others and fish Mumbai related, the rest of the cities are still behind, so 25 seconds from the middle, only the same track is left like many times America.  We follow such a country, we go in that direction, in many things, it follows the straight till the end of the day, so you catch Mumbai, in this it is like the carbon used to be extracted from dating, which was active but it was learned in childhood that it is Hafiz. How far behind which city are we? Well, the less behind we are, the easier it is to send. Apart from this, if we sleep in our data format, then this 16th carpet area is available to the customers in 1968. So, when the shine broke in half, I told the people.  If we add hotspots paste then there was maximum population growth in Mumbai from 1971 to 1981. Class two was fifty percent. In 10 years, 40 people became famous. High Waster Packet population growth was famous in this time. This was the time when Amol Palekar used to appear in that movie. Unknowingly he finds a house in this city, it belongs to Amol Palekar, I don't know which one.  Kadar Somwar Vyavar Palekar's movie was wanted, this bench in Mumbai had petitioned to keep it in it. Watch I Don't Know Answers sometime on Doordarshan, see in it they used to show middle class 8th, they used to be houses with problems in ditties, meaning house to house.  Buying a house in Mumbai was difficult even today for 40 years, so it was difficult for the new man who came from outside, but it was easy for the people of lower caste who had bought it earlier, but they were not doing anything good for the children. Still, his 1604 burst which used to give 80 births to both the children is now in the next generation which has gone to the carpet area of ​​WhatsApp, now it cannot go less than the students so it has become a hit for the time during Mumbai is proper Mumbai and Navi Mumbai and Thane.  If I am not talking about them, then what is the test office on this? Please remember, the thing in Piro City was that why is it the favorite, then we keep the same rate as the others, that it lasts for years in the inheritance property.  And it has been divided among the people, the other bad builder who was able to keep more, the one who will not be able to keep it now, what is the provision for mother's late night on the cover, so now if one Ramesh Yadav is penalized, then this thing is very important to him, the soul of a city.  The older his history is, the more he will do very well, so you cannot say that I am an infrastructure and India is filled with water, this is good in a democracy, he has been crossing the city for the past 2 years, isn't there anyone from him?  don't give  If we could, we should always remember that no new city born today cannot be completed, so the city also needs history, you have to invest money there thinking in this way, along with others, everyone was informed that even in 400 feet carpet area, there are human beings and those who Today it is like in Kandivali East, the salary of the project director of some is worth Rs. 1.25 crores, while some are on the verge of Rs. It means as expensive as it has become, the under construction that is coming, is a person with a lot of money or is worth Rs. 1.25 crores.  So, if a person has leg pain in India, we cannot call him poor, it means that it is so difficult to go and buy it, then it will be the highest and it will be done in a proper way. I know many people and I am in the circle who can buy up to 80-90 lakh units.  You can use it but there is so much demand for it, it should be worth one crore, so let me tell you that crore has lost its significance, a person can hardly buy such a thing in a big city.  So to put this in your city, Kunwar, its sides are getting smaller, now inside Delhi you cannot buy this Swift, you will get it only in Delhi, so this is the second take away that we have fooled ourselves, many people do this. Turn off this mode that Najafgarh is not agri download no Greater Noida Noida District Police and Chandigarh soon Delhi Chandigarh Noida Gurgaon these are the cities to buy in these you were from here and say hey  Left Right Left in Delhi is over in Greater Noida. Hey everyone I know what percentage of HRA is given in Greater Noida, how much is given in Delhi, even if Singh had got it, he would have got it from Gurgaon, Noida and Delhi even if the government did not want it in the evening.  Keep it up, check how much is there in Delhi, Gurgaon and Noida, it is 24 cents and how much is it in Anda, in which class city, till the classes and only which government says.  At least that is okay, so there is no confusion in this thing. The second thing is that by making us understand that someone is small, he is of the order of that if you have to live in a big city, you have to see the difference in aspirations. Dreams are the fastest here in Mumbai. It is the city of dreams, that's why I have a ready hand, so I cover this second. I am telling you this incident inside Reena, I will tell you two points. Enter Reena, I will put something in Azhar video.  There are many points of Harihara which if it is removed in 2016, then builders will have to buy land anywhere in Mumbai, they cannot say that brother, I have developed this plot, now you buy it and I will divide the money among ourselves.  There used to be a lot of competition in the matter and the project has already taken the Winter Nagar plot from the previous printer cartridge, so after that, now somehow because the meter is down, if he will make it, then it is not very good, the profession has come. You have to see that there has been transparency in the line ownership of the building, similarly the builder cannot do this with anyone that whenever it is built by someone else, I have been in my own brand, otherwise the title is still the builder, the second thing is this. Now I can't transfer money to the builder, from which account the Astro points have to be transferred, there is a lot of monitoring by the government on this and there is very strict about the balance of the carrier, the money you deposit goes to one account, from that account the builder now  Others  You cannot transfer money to your project, there are many sections of the balance, every state government has tipped it as per its own but it is very clear that ours used to give nationwide, so this time had to be covered in the video later.  In the upcoming videos, now they are in great demand, I will review small cities, I will also review the good projects in small cities, tile starting date series very soon to have started with Mumbai, Mumbai according to me.  Appointment of end user market is not for investment Cons This front Ali is too low Prices are too high Hand wash Queen of logistics Now that will also change After completing the model, there will be a change in the model And since it is taking only Winters have started coming in Mumbai by name, earlier from limited ones, now more listed places with better status have started coming in Mumbai, so the market of Mumbai will also change a bit, the way it will be done will have some more beneficial effects but only more people will be there. But there, the sentiment of Noida end users from Invest looks at what kind of business you have in Mumbai, then that is a different matter, Mumbai is a city of dreams which can fold and you should take it if you have any mother's function and your dealings there.  But if you can do this business, if you can do airport then you should definitely take it, but you must have seen in most of my videos that even if I do not cover Mumbai, it is a security and middle class is normal 1 India's middle class. Bollywood actor Hrithik Roshan Mishra is out of the middle, she would not like to go in all 400 feet, it is okay in the carpet area, so this belief is Mumbai for you, my next video will be on cities in these covering, you can tell me in the comment section on your city.  Now there are 2222 cities on which my research is done. If there is more demand, I will show it in the video first. So whoever is my subscriber, if he is also going to enjoy this series, then please share your city.  If I get the maximum of this city then I will make it first, I have all the space to make it, I also have the space, whose research I will tell you one by one. Thank you in this way.