Hello friends, today's topic is Dance Allowance, Government Officer and Realistic, I will show you something like this and tell you from it, you should not consider me as such a villain, do not consider me a devil, I am the time, which Mahabharata has been right, he is telling what will happen in future also.  If you can see a little, then it is telling that you had seen the old Mahabharata, now the new one has seen the time which keeps rotating like in R Chopra's Mahabharata, I am the time, I have seen this, so the time is watching, it is telling something, okay.  So first of all let's talk dance announcement. Now you people who are not government people also have to watch this video. Okay, you don't have the right to speak, no, it is applicable to me, it is applicable here also because real estate increases and decreases, what happens to you?  It also affects everyone. Okay, so the month of July will be 38% from the first of July, but this will be known in the month of October when the headlines will come, the government has given it to the employees again, it is okay, anyway, they have to get it, it is linked to a single number. Increment is to be imposed from 1st July, which must have come in your body too. You must have seen 3%. Okay, so brothers and sisters, late people are calculating all this and giving data points for builders. There are some consultants who take money and give history. Congratulations to the builders so that they can increase the rate. You may also know some such consultants and they bat from both the sides. Now if you say that he is a double agent, he will not be a double agent. Which one is right next?  You are sitting subscribed, what do you say to me when it is published in the newspaper, people say that you had said this 3 months ago, look at the astrologer who gets a kick in the prediction, if it is correct, then one will be fine, and if it is fine, it means that one.  If the fix is ​​good or not, it will not be wrong. If people roll, then you have to show your garden that you told me that it did not happen, it happened the opposite, then I want to tell you some logical things through some calculations. Caught an officer on the group, with 20 years of service, his basic pay is between ₹ 60,000, we will take 1.5 lakh, he has got 2 increments, if he has been promoted, then it depends on what he is, IAS, which service he belongs to, approximately this is the salary.  Due to holding of Rs. 1.5 lakh, 3% brother's increment will be charged, which is just Rs. 4,004 percent, which is increasing by Rs. 6000 on Rs. 1.5 lakh. That increment will be 38%. Congratulations, it will also increase on salary, so it will be around 1800. Okay, and the green one will also be on basic heavy salary. It will be 27%. It is running for 4s, so that too 4:30, so its lesson too.  There will be a total increase of ₹ 14000. This increase of ₹ 14000 in salary is for those who are like us, we do not consider it as an increase of ₹ 14000.  Increase: It is believed that the loan taking capacity has increased by 17 lakhs. It is seen in this way that the rates should be increased somehow, only 10 lakhs is big. If you take a loan of 10 lakhs then your image will be ₹ 9000. Your salary has increased by 14000. You see?  They are the first to settle the village, they came first to beg, who is the next to beg, the one who will take the money from you can be anyone, the one with the car, the petrol, the one from the school, then it is very good.  If your energy is fixed, if the increment is not above 3%, then tell me the basic but tell me yours, then I want to tell him in advance, my pay will come in the slip, then I will fill the comfortable and then now I will go somewhere till you get it.  Comfortable full will not be allowed to be unfortunate it is like running and treadmill you remain there you have you keep running life is like this and this is what you think inflation is that figure  That basic salary of Rs 1.5 lakh will look good, that overall salary of Rs 2.5 lakh, increasing it by Rs 2,65,000 will look good once, but that situation does not change like this. Increasing the salary by 14-15,000 months is a big thing in itself on a group basis.  Now I am telling you according to the car, but it does n't matter, the deal was big there, the four went in the taxi, my brother, ask only 10 out of 10.  I am worried about the job, keep it up, you have 14 to speak, brother, your 14 has increased, you do n't have to pay it here, you can just pay it, we haven't done 12 for you and I have to go in 4 taxes, so this is the thing, come and laugh openly.  Tell me, please don't paint the devil, don't paint evil, these are the considerations, I am telling this after sitting in the market with the players and spending time and money and these are big IMs and this is what you want.  There is another big meeting tomorrow and the same thing is happening with all the VPs and senior level people, the program is already being set, the Diwali season of the month, the discount rate of the dhaba has been reduced to Rs 120, the discount of Rs 10 is being trumpeted.  It is okay to beat, all that preparation means it will be done now, only then it will be fruitful, the washing should be done like this, it is prepared a day before doing the trust, it also takes time to put the boarding body somewhere in yourself.  It also takes time to get approval, what are the plans, so all this is happening ok, all this is happening ok, inflation is increasing, note that there is benefit in living in real estate, one more thing tells me.  Now you listen carefully, I take only the name of this couple, his interviews come, he is the right person who is working in a very good position and is a youngster type who has earned crores of rupees and comes on national TV, as if I have a YouTube channel.  So now there is no one else for me  Isn't it that I am on national TV, I am this, I am that, but I am telling this in one of his interviews because a subscriber had forwarded me, he said, I came to real estate because Indian population is aging and it.  I will go like the Japanese way, Namaste Akash, I am a friend, this is a well-educated channel, a well- educated man in the stock market and those very powerful people have entered the stock market and participated in it, they are weak hands.  Many open a demat account, now it is visible that their parents are getting real estate through margin. When you invest in real estate, there is a commitment of 40 50 60 lakh ₹ 1 crore. In the stock market, there are two-  There is a game of Rs 3 lakh-4 lakh, its trading is there, people would like to enter with ₹ 5 lakh and buy, sell, target, target. By doing this, they think that the down payment money is yours, use it in the stock market, then you can take a home loan.  If you can't play then I am a friend of grass in that, population aging, there is talk of our youngest being 2022 after 2050, you know what will happen in 2050, it will rain but you have declared Japan and India and if you say anything then people get nervous. You have seen it, see Top Gun [Music] and in that I am going to make a big video, I can do it on YouTube live only, for that you want to do it on YouTube live, many people will join in it and  It was not 9:00 PM but he told a few and participated in the safety in the system and whatever I say, you record it and send it to the people, I will sound very logical and intelligent population, this is going, you are going ahead, Baba in 20 32 today, I will tell you the Sangat.  Do you guys want me to do a YouTube live on these subjects? Do it this Sunday only. You guys should write a white live for that and show it to me. If there is logic in it then I will do agriculture.  If I don't want to, then on such a big channel, you are taking an interview on a national TV channel and a man is speaking and someone else is his anchor, there is an agenda because brother, this is the channel that runs on it.  There are so many channels that the share market people are making money because of this, so it seems as if they feel that the bear market rally is coming, then hilegalega, I come myself, my equity is missing, brother, tell you one thing, why does one thing have to spoil the other?  Aa to do good why can't both things be good I am one of the very few creator aap check youtube pe aadar vice use bhaiya both every code and both can should be used both should be used and simultaneously alternatively fare sip sam  Shares Then Income Passivating Less Wealth Creation Leverage Loan Paying Self Stay Receiving Rent Putting Rent Giving Nobody Ten Debt  Calculation Nobody Desert Calculation If I am living in my house then I can invest the rent in the stock market, no one does this calculation, no one does this calculation, the tires of the stock market and along with it, brother, that  It is said that in 20 years I am three times yours, first of all, three times your brother, I have kept 5-6 times more in a lot of space, if you invest three times yours in 20 years, then people say only 6-7% returns are there, it is mine.  Rent is also available at 4% on the first day, starting at 3.30% and it doubles every 8-9 years, so today the rental has doubled in 10 years too. I have been getting rent for 3.5 years. I started with Rs 350 for 10 years.  It became 7%, today it is 14% and whatever amount I got from 3.5 and 14, I invested it in your stock market and there I got your 12 14  15% return charged, now tell me, talk in isolation, the house is good, if you are living in it yourself, then the value is good, if you are living on your own, I was not paying the rent, I was living on my own, I was not paying the rent, then do some calculations and tell me  Will give stepwell and ask, did you take a loan on this person? Look at the interest on the loan. Hey brother, you had taken a loan for 15 years. Everyone defaults on their loan in 7-8 years.  I had already done this cycle because my salary is double for 89 years, so how much rent was given to him and how much rent is left. They don't do the calculation properly. The calculation they show you is correct but its premises are wrong. You are understanding what I am saying. Even if you talk openly like this, I don't show anything, I am sitting under the tree like an old Guru ji and telling you that I am lazy to all, I want to subscribe and I should create good content for it and  On top of that, there is something from here, there is something from here, if the music is made and the calculation is done here, then my subscribers will also become two to four lakhs, I also know that keep this in your mind brother, keep it as your own, you put all the formulas in Excel after making calculations.  Tell me, I am telling you that these are the parameters, I don't tell anyone that parameter, I just show the calculation. Hey brother, if you say 14 14 go 196, then the next one will definitely say yes, but you have to ask this.  Has anyone asked why are you doing it till 14? What is your love? People's primacy is wrong. I hope I have not confused you and my subscribers are not the core audience but the rest of the originals and the new people who are joining are those.  People are also requested to please share and whenever you find these facts, please forward them to me. My WhatsApp number is given below. Now forward it to me. If you don't have the answer, I will feel that you are saying the right thing.  He is also saying right, why should I do that on everything but when there are so many big people, I will not, okay, look at the property, then the cream is in good condition, because half of the business is new, other so called business schemes, okay, it is someone's money. Someone's valuation has halved again, no one is asking, it was listed at ₹ 2000, now it is listed at ₹ 600, you have given ₹ 1400 to the retail investor, no one is going to ask, and it is time for celebration. That's it, someone's son, I am giving an example, okay, so I also have a question, no one asks him the question, what do you do, okay, till date have you ever seen that if a house is built then it is worth Rs.  It was of 100, it has become of 50, it is okay, there are nets, they will fall further and there is also valuation, all the things are there, but today it is not deed, thank you.