Hello friends, the wedding season will start again, now we are in half of the season. Relevant topic of marriage is a very interesting topic. Should the wedding be done during the day or at night? It is very important to do it in the evening i.e. in the dark at night and this is the society which has to change and do it.  Will I discuss the benefits of marrying in the day? Now many people will have that in it and no no friend, my lehenga is gone, the suit is gone, my photo is gone, so listen carefully if you see 40-50-60 years ago when electricity was so much.  would have been  There was no such thing and marriages used to take place and even 100 years ago, marriages used to take place during the day because it would become dark at night, there were no mosquitoes and insects in the food and lamps, so marriages used to take place, so there is no religious expectation in it.  Is there any religion at night? Religion accepts marriage during the day. Many of you are our brothers. I am very close with ghosts. First class marriages for many years. Day marriages. You know, we go to Gurudwara.  And then that becomes their photo, then comes their party and first class party from 11 to 3:00 and you will see in Christian also, it is across religious in it, we will not put the aspect of religion in it, in all religious, day wedding.  It is possible that whatever auspicious time comes in yours, they are also less, in ours they come on Pancham and all the days too, brother, that is the hour and that time and Abhijeet Muhurta and this good one.  The auspicious time and all that is available even during the day, it is not that it is available only at night. Yes, the expenditure gets reduced to half. Try doing the function. It is okay. And the food that has to be eaten is actually less and the consumption is less.  It means you can reduce the quantity, you will consume more, there is no wastage, you feel hungry because if you are like me, I go to all the weddings where I go, I don't even eat breakfast before going there. Program starts from 10:30 am to 11:00 am Sir, it is a lot of fun, we keep eating and drinking, have light dinner at night, everything starts getting tight in your name, then the atmosphere of alcohol starts increasing.  There are chances of having an accident at night, then the wedding procession is going back, those people are going somewhere, safety issues are still there, ladies are going with jewelery, they are going here, then what less at night, they say this word. Then what do you tell us to do? Book a room for the night and the tours are happening at 1:30. At 12:00 the tours are happening. Then if we stay in a hotel somewhere, the whole expense will increase for what because it has to be done at night.  Hey man, he wears such nice clothes and looks beautiful even during the day. The decoration that he has becomes like a lily every day and its good quality. You don't have to pay so much. During the day, its brightness, look and efficiency come in. Photographs are collected during the day.  Whatever happens, because there is natural lighting, it is always fine, so from anywhere, the day wedding is not inferior to these others; at night, that lady is strutting like this and is wearing flying clothes, you know that now those blankets are just a few.  If a man can't wear that kind of thing, then his inner wear is this wear and it gets ruined sir, not yours, I look at the women, why am I getting sad friend, you mean it's okay, you have to show the show, brother, either complete it. You do the environment. You don't do the environment. Billu is the one in the tent house. It is less open, so it cannot be hot. Somehow, the clothes are okay. The production has followed the comforting report. Dear, very happy, very happy. Both the boys and girls are there. And  What is the benefit in that, the time function starts at 10:11, so even if you live away from your home, if you have 100 friends or relatives, then you can easily do so.  Can leave at 7:30 am, can leave by 8:30 am, can comfortably reach by 10:30 am, 11:00 am, can complete the function from 11 am to 2.5-3:00 pm, and can reach home before it gets dark.  It is no less interesting that you have reached with the safe key, otherwise today the relatives are shying away from coming, brother, who will go in the cold, brother, you show my face like this, you give my party, my party says, give Kanyadaan.  Do it on Paytm, nowadays this question has also come up, why are you giving it to me? If you ask for it first, give so and so, give blessings to you, if you want to give more presents, you have to invite genuine relatives and people and want to enjoy, then you can marry on the day. Should look ahead, as you know right now, the venue also gets booked easily, when all of us seem to be busy, you will know that the one who has given a particular date has to do weddings on that day, then the whole world is there to get married on the same day.  She wants that there is jam at night, there is no access, no parking, no road, whole of India, Puri, Delhi, here, all the people are going to big cities, everyone is busy and there disco is being done on horse and whole.  There is a jam behind here and half the place, why does that mean how much was the wedding procession, 2 hours late, one and a half hour late, she is coming from somewhere, she hasn't come, she is sitting like this, when will the groom king come, okay, then he will come, then she will have to meet, then food.  Why who has patience these days? Tell me, go to such weddings, you have n't seen the washing, you haven't seen the bride, you haven't even seen the meaning, you have to eat and drink like this because those who are going to eat today have to show their presence, have to show their face or not. Yes, we have come, he is tall, he should go to the girl's court or if she is a girl, then the boy's people should do something so that they reach there, let's see their face, take a photo or something, it is not an actual pleasure.  There is a spirit, isn't it? If you want to have that enjoyment then brother, there is enjoyment in day wedding. According to me, because of the circumstances, enjoyment is going out in night wedding. Logistical issues, practical issues and day weddings are becoming fun and day weddings are telling.  I am reducing the cost to half, so when there is fun in the day, money is also being spent less, then it is not brother, why not, why boys and girls blue consider this.  I consider that there are clothes for day time too, brother, there are those for day weddings too, those are set for different types of combinations, those for night are a little different, you will look equally good in everything, you will look equally beautiful, it is not like that at night.  If you do some make-up of a different kind, night make-up and day make-up are also different. Everyone knows that everyone's make-up is different. One can look equally beautiful even during the day. A man may look more in fact.  So please my request is that since late Mani I have not been doing this, reduce the celebrations, do not spend too much, do this, it means the expenses will automatically go down, everything will go down, from one you to that, from decoration to everything.  From the things and the menu which keep, do not keep 200 dishes, keep less dishes, keep them tasty, focus more on their quality, food, I have seen, after seeing another input of Indian Marriage, I stop D video, focus is more on variety, but on quality. You give a third and improve the quality a lot so that there is no adulteration in everything, it is tasty, it is of high level and it is done in big places. It is a promise because right now I have done 25 marriages by giving advice to 30-35 people, that is, witnessing them.  It doesn't mean physical whole but it means consultant or acquaintance, everybody has done this very thing, 25 people followed him, it means advice out of 35. 25 followed, out of 25, 25 have 100% appreciation, 10 did not follow, not every person does, you know it's okay, but out of 35, 25 did not follow and those who did, there is not even a single complaint, everyone is very happy with it.  Okay, so I keep talking about such unique topics. If you have n't subscribed to the channel, please subscribe and share this one with your friends.  It is happening once, see how much difference it makes, okay and you can always of where my wife agrees, means girl and boy agree, you are the only two people who have to agree and your relatives will also be happy. Today is practical, that morning of winter. Aa means evening becomes early from night, winter comes, you stand in the cold and ladies are giving a lot of blessings, okay thank you very much.