In this photo of yours, Meena in Webinar on Sunday Pet, I will be covering Deendayal Upadhyay Producer Comparing MB Deendayal Upadhyay Plot Allottees Requested to Write Down Ratan Stop Retail and Month You can help in the calculation on Osho Vision's little chatak par hai  Because I have to speak as well as think, Kepler is difficult, but I have a little more hope, so I am Quite a few clothes or gifts I will need, please help me, so do the calculations and keep telling me, whatever Deendayal is coming, he will not be named Deendayal, Ignore that Deendayal means friend of poor, nobody in Hindi. Wants Associate Product Vertices Truth File Nano Ford EcoSport Tubular Pole Don't Want To My Life Is Not Want To Be  Associated with something which he will qualify as his basic romance cycle is in the alto of nano is episode permit possible most prominent of groom pick 600 psychology deendayal karenge names when they are kept separate in it many people say that the spot is closed or some other world  Is this or is it Signature 3070? This is Deendayal Laharen Scindia Liye Bhai, Anything Will Happen Avoid this spirit and its flat is being registered. If the bride will be party then understand this fact Ram. What has happened, what has happened, neither is the tiffin setting on, but still broken Epson printer 1005 printer Deendayal Upadhyay Postal  Dhawan superintendent ratio fixed launch it has been circulated in the market for various players to founder hue step images he is saying by taking out one thing that  I restore this wonder Deendayal Upadhyay and make sense to it by Deendayal Upadhyay. Plots are instant, so what is the match? Amit Tha Manzoor is telling. He is telling that they should search on time and they will strive towards it. Thank you.  Will Tell Where Guddi's Annual Sports Pistol Is That Deendayal Vice President Loses and Good for Investment and Dark Introduction 13 Dayal  Upadhya Plot 10th Avoid and Mostly Seeing and Understanding Central He will make two or three requirements and I also stop. What will be those three requirements, those points that I will discuss. Those who will tell you very deep important things by noting down the points. Questions for your next 14 years.  In which 20 minutes the answers are going to be, then this is the product, this is coming, I am going to invest in the joint, find something interesting and go into great Veda Vyasa.  Investor and end user path filter power is huge force and debit of novel cover and Android platform is also coming here that Standard and Poor's will complete this page completed on absolutely free portion of the products is contact is that they are not sold  Shetty said that if it cannot be made then Lord of People who initially thought that cat in the talk and you will get many many people  It sells goods till the development of 3070 rupees but test one cold raffle details its profit positive and that it will be more expensive for you to buy and you have spent 2 years on the entire real estate because when they are making and completing it in two years then others are doing it for others.  Start it and then this one will launch separate payments and stop the decimals even in the sea so the customer will happily give Rs 1000000 more to pay more or he will not give it in this  Because its payment will be on the CEO, the thing will be completed in four years, everything will be habitable in 2 years, if road WhatsApp is asked then the biggest advantage in it is that whatever campus is there, it gets ready in one go, DLF Phase-2.  It is vacant at 40 cents, now it has been built for 35 years and is not being built again. Once an investor buys it, if you buy a plot in Deendayal Upadhyay, then all the investors will buy it or will think that I used to be a builder and do construction work. Will take 1520 Yasmin to develop, it will still not be completed, you still know how many tickets are made at 10 cents, if I had made a camera and left it to you, you would have built a house in it, you would have made a floor and sold it, this is the best possible.  It can be an investment, but the one who buys it is a fool because its pricing will clash with the pricing of the normal one. I can also calculate it and tell you how it is.  It is okay by helping people, then you are building a house in it, you have built it, now again the one behind was building the distant one, then the one on the right is building it, relax, now we will not build it once, then the one in the front is building it, then the one on the cross, then the one here is building it, then  How can you secure the fact that someone is coming and someone is going all the time lying on the corner of the street and after that you have made an investment that the person who buys it expensive from you will also either stay in his house.  For Builders will make it and after sending it, we will calculate that 2BHK is made on 140 yards, 2BHK is made on 140 yards, so if you bought a plot of 60 thousand rupees in Deendayal, then how much will it cost? Can calculate daughter flight?  It is not done, even Rishi's money does not believe that when the Guru has to prove a point, neither does anything witch country code to the point nor in it.  It removes all the sodium, why is there a meeting, I hope you understand, guest house after you is 1498, it is ok for the maker, 140 spirits, how much for your feet, 9 is less than multiply, 1260, Arpita is 1227, then the total area is ok in that.  You can make class tu 1000 print fixed total up to either the state has four made then 5,000 Shampoo phone up to the square feet, many people who teach and explain it are talking about 15 hundred, the one who will build it for 15 hundred, may not be able to build it by standing on his own, but the one who builds it by standing on his own is a builder, so are you a Bhinder, is it a fielder, it can be built 13 times.  Will give and be stingy and use inferior material but it will cost Rs 2000 to make a different one, then you are late in making Signature or Jyoti, this one will cost Rs 2223 and I have decided to spend Rs 2000 more. For these people, because they make meat, it is cheaper for them. If you are building a house, your cost of construction is Rs 2000 and you friends, if you keep building it, then it will come to your 15th birthday. Skills in the world are happy birthday scientists, this is so. Add another half spoon of ghee, if you know then let's assume Rs 2000, your phone worth Rs 5000 will cost you one crore eighty-four lakh rupees, now this thing will be yours in one and a half year. Then you bought a lift, there was a separate expense for the gift, you got something worth Rs 2 crores, you got something worth Rs 50 lakhs, how much did it cost you, brothers and sisters, 140 yards 2BHK, how much did it cost you, 50 pages, okay, how much are these people selling letters for?  There is a file, Padrala, how much difference is there, but he was giving even 10 minutes, then fielding at 128 was not proof, Nice place, now what is the use of 20 minutes, so let's discuss about the best here.  Defining has to be done, it is of the basement only, when you make the basement, it will be equal, then that time is trying to take the place, if you measure, disguise religious in it, be spent and make it fully furnished and make NSC dare and make every frill till the cost.  Of 20 players coming in western got you can have 1000 profit element which app taken is your pindar you  Will want to salute unprofitable all of you will want to use till we put the cost of fund in this necklace 10 12 cents, that will work even if you take it from anyone or you can earn it yourself, you can also deposit 25 in your bank.  But you can earn cents if they are playing the game. You are right, so she was not doing all the calculations or not the calculations, I told you all about the calculations inside the 2BHK which  Basement is what people are denying tomorrow vote india is movement but system work from home culture you will find lord of people and working in the office now i buy my ko pols luxury hai space where we live ok so i can make anything video I can do webinar, there is no disturbance, okay, someone is going to Meerut, one from the front is not having a child, there is no basis, but you will work from home, a normal man, this  Turtle asked 2BHK, what should that poor guy do, he is having a child, his wife is also doing something, Matt is also coming behind, the bull is also being saved, maybe Pooja is also going on, the milkman is also coming, so that is the culture.  First of all we do n't fry it but if you come to us then it will be in the basement 9th price will be doing business today you revolution housewife can't even think of doing something  Subscribe to: Rupa will participate on the other side, poor girl, something has come to her mind, I have to make a cake, I have to teach girls to tie saree, yes, she will teach inside the room in her bedroom, in the driver's seat, you are sitting here with rawness, you all are girls will [ __ ] and white teeth.  This did not happen, I am not understanding what you are saying, I understand that the girl from the basement will wake up that when the thing is not there, we do not have it, but if it has come, then we are Indians, we do not know about it, will we extract the juice from it?  Can I give it on rent for 67 thousand? Is it possible that I tell my family that I gave it to a teacher at 12:00, it's fine, but he drops ₹ 2000 and goes away after giving tuition, then I use it myself from 12:00.  I am doing 46 What is this called teasing the purse of my working space that if I have to take a webinar and am sitting in one place, can I hire a space and  ₹ 1000 J-20 I have taken money from you people also, I have to spend money, now in the room also money is spent on slogans, brother, so many people are coming, that is my expense too, I can pay for the expense of that page, 2003 if  can give to and can make that a studio photo one I've done calculations piece right now I've done calculations shift to the best it is used in the best way nominations for the  Government's in which like doctors, dentists, teachers, tuition teachers, music teachers, beauty parlors, anything can be done as per your wish, buti buti can be called anything as per her wish, tailors have set up their place in their basements and are making ladies suits, you are spreading lies, ginger ginger, where to go?  If Fabindia is available in Gujarat then I don't know consultation for ladies, what should the doctor do? Like this, you answer in this webinar while sitting idle, right?  Can't do one thing, go learn a lot of ideas in between, maybe one line gets worst, then one click to you idea, it's a well spent time and new one day, okay then diet basement point very well and people like this so much  How tight will this product be set, how much will it set, fast AC, three tire product, if you want a rear seat on this seat, it is preserved SE because there is a club house in it and I have not even calculated it for you, where those people from Deendayal are there.  What is the problem of Deendayal brothers who are subverting their status? By building a near floor and selling it, the builder will save money in the floor. The builders will not be left in the plot because after laying sewerage, he has to do all that work and he also does not have the status to do it. He is the builder who is interested in making the floor and selling it or maybe someone else has to lay the sewerage and understanding this point of the builder that if you give me a SIM, I have clothes, I have clothes.  If I make a shirt and sell that cloth then I have profit and if I make the cloth and send it then the profit is less but which is more than the rate at which my shirt is being sold if you make the shirt yourself.  If it becomes too much, then there is no point in buying that shirt. If the quality of the collar of this shirt is better, it is good, it is also available at a low rate, then who will make it using this cloth? Many people say to me.  It is said in 140 graphs etc. And take your own plot and make it according to your own. Oh my father, a house of 500 yards is made according to your own. A plot of 140 yards is made according to someone else's, its calculation is the same, the front soldiers have no calculation of 140 yards.  It is not possible that a big thing cannot be made as per your wish. A small thing can be made as per your wish. Whatever is made, the interest builder will make it better. You people cannot make it because there is a plot behind you also, if your builder has made a road behind also.  The person also goes ahead because it is a colony. He said, okay then tell me one more project in Deendayal Upadhyay plot in which there is a roll behind your plot and the rest of your car should go inside it and park one and a half, tell me which project will happen, it will never happen but which  These smart builders are coming now. The builders are cutting the road as per their own. They are also cutting the ticket price in the future. There is a WhatsApp in the table. People want to stay healthy. Eid in Deendayal, now his Khichdi type work will be done ultimately.  The thing will be sold according to the plot of 70-80 yards. Really general bogies will be a sleeper class thing, but if there is no time like this, then Deendayal Upadhyay Prof. Tweeting In India, everything is visible, whereas in India, everything is sold here in full and  Potato is also sold at the railway station, it is also seen on the platform in Pakistan hotel, the free one is developed everywhere, everyone's rate is different, it should be everyone's business, it is understood, it is healthy, now the quantity phone has returned silent.  There is more incentive for those who sell plots. When the incentive is more, then the knowledge will go to them. Here you will get a prince. There is less money in selling the floor. I have to go to the bank in Ignore. There is also a lot of dowry. More is done at a particular level. Why do people give it?  Okay, so you have to understand that if many things were told in the market, if more people had children, what is visible in the newspaper, Asma is looking here, a slot in the plot, our prejudice. Well, for the plot, the plot is good.  If it is good then that is why it is called sorry because the plot is liked by the first world. If it is released at any rate then the world will take it because it will also calculate this product. You have plotted it at this rate. Plot-plot these water line liners raw. Material In Real Estate Real Estate Land Plots For Raw Material Issued By Cost Raw Material Till Productivity Clean Simple Logic And Now Since You Are The Only By Making  Ghatkopar accept quite the builders have given well soft so you will never be able to build a signature smart watch all the segment yourself will not buy your products tomorrow tell me I am from Agra I am yours on the plot of Deendayal Upadhyay Why would I buy a ready made builder floor when you send me the quality that is cheaper than that? Or not, which I could have installed. I could have installed platinum. Hey, a plot of 80 yards. Sell ​​my brothers and sisters, these people will now make a living in Assi Ghat and even a nifty, that laugh will lift Gajner or will you live a lot here, how loud is the affair of 2.0, Lord with a sick person, this see you can make 2018 percent and ground floor total.  If the entire team tells that there is an arm hole then people will build it like garbage like many colonies are built and then there will be all legal and illegal ones in it.  There will be confusion in that then those floors will not be sold because if they are made in excess then they will not get loan then there is no need to comment anywhere on this. This state is possible and not just 6 people will also offer it to Anup that he will sell it in Bitcoin.  The underlying falls inside her, there is no acid elevation, it is real estate teacher, let me tell you a faint glimpse of the cord, that this chakli cold coffee so much foam, now it is understanding all this as a break and enough and her money  If he is giving, then it is also possible that one day he will discover that when the time comes and he becomes the chief here, then he will come to know that son, Jahangir is so much, he will discover in the market that you are  My aim is to give such teacher portal clarity. Now you have to understand something that I have to do trading. I want to do stock market news stock in stock market for 2%. 98% people have to listen all of cigarette will win this 2%.  Ok I hope you got it, they can stop the recording and they will cover next partner. Ok, they will cover next. I hope you guys got it. Well, I got it. First of all, what should I say? m3m  Record of People Trapped in Sky City OK We Can Stop This Recording Hai