Jhala Loot Dashrath Prithvinath Problem Subscribe S &amp;M Going to Teach 9th Calculation Apne Power Plant The One Which Will Make Flowers Is and Builder A Which Tata End Product Digit Make Sense Foreign Investor and End Devotion Agar Isko Thoda English Ko Hindi Mein  Tell me, I come in cotton, I will convince Deendayal Upadhyay, Vice President Winters is taking out that I  I will do Deendayal Upadhyay with the plot that at what rate should we reverse, we will reach equal to this, then I told you all the calculations but there was some confusion in understanding and even in explaining, I will admit that it is so, hence it is understandable from the room, he would say  You guys will not understand on YouTube, if you do then I will stay with me and try to use some technology, so I share the screen and you can share, you tell me that flash lights are ok and now I  I will try to do it in this. Home is ok ok inviting a specific but this is ok ok got it I try to paste as much brain as I can on the screen ok this is your plot I am back I am doing calculations note down here Do  The record is also being made on Don't 30, the 2BHK of the record is 123 square feet, 23.5 is the front, its remaining square feet is its length, only then it will become 1170 feet. Brother, it is okay that when you see any plot, then whatever is its fast should be done.  Almost also gold to half its length, that IPL plant is ideal and from here Deendayal Upadhyay becomes as big as Deendayal Explorer. Upadhyay of the plot, because he cuts the plot as per his wish to get the end product, he himself is cutting the cloth, there is poverty and the cloth seller is also the same, Deendayal Upadhyay, the floor seller who is selling the plot to you is only selling the cloth. He will see as per his own discretion how should I cut the length of the suit piece so that if there is wastage then it will be of the buyer of that suit and I will save a lot of money, this is the biggest difference and I will tell you in advance if the match is won, Deendayal. Upadhyay, it has to be the floor, it is okay because I have the results, I am teaching, so I am telling you in advance and with its examples, I will make you understand this. Okay, now we will laugh at the feet thing and build on it.  Can rule on 2.6 and only S, so if four floors are made then only six percent can be made, that six percent is how much of its fifty feet, from here it is made so much, ok, so only this can be made 6, so how much should it be  Six percent has become three feet, it has become mandatory to leave you behind and it has become mandatory to leave ahead. Okay, I understand, so when I have made this six, I can make only this much, I cannot make more than this, so when I have made six percent, then one each is 1170. Six percent of this basement will be made, this much will be made of Stuart, if all are made then it will be multiplied by 6, that figure is fine, you can easily calculate it now, but you cannot go to my hair here.  Very wall, this wall which you are seeing, try to do this in such a way that the walls, but I want to talk about them, they can come till this point, but they cannot go further, rather, they are not in the air, but they are in the air, here they are, decide plot, 130 score.  Virat Slot Vansh You to the calculation Total Constructed Area at least Zor Peeth In that you have to see that this wall, it can also be said that it is in Deoria, it does not do any account, this is also a wonderwall and this is also a wonderwall How much will this pounded forest itself cost? So, this will be the amount of fennel and you will build a water tank here, no one told about its construction, I did not tell you at that time, you also did not think of it, but this also has the capacity to grow a lot, it is six feet wide and four feet wide.  -Five feet of gas from five quota and below this, there will be different calculation of that or that, sheds that, so do you people understand that okay now, to live inside it, the time will come in between, whenever the designing will come out. It will be done like this, in which you will have to give your 11th support Gupta and if Riya comes out for the fifth list of four, then he will move away from your carpet area, in this you will also have to provide an alarm set, but I am saying that let's not accept this too. In carpet area calculation, I will also show the calculation of carpet area and in percentage you have to see that this is the area, it is a 9 inch wall. Brothers and sisters, if it is a 9 inch wall then it is  Date photo gone, if you got 8 fit, then shifted to three percent area glass, this is done for us, it is fine and this one will also have side effects and side effects of India and inside, so I am not doing the quantity, if I comment inside, then more will be launched.  Should I tell you how much, if you scold me again and again and make it 10.57, 1.5, 14.5, then it is almost six and a half percent, this is it, I will express in my inner voice as much as will be made: Bathroom Bathroom Kitchen Vijendra  Everything will be like that, if you take it out by doing so, then your area of ​​sixteen percent from 14% is fine till the lock and this one is all this loss hina and left, if you flatten it then now it has become Khichdi, I would delete its original.  I am a little okay, it is getting printed okay, I am deleting it for you to do the calculation again, you have understood how much is this, the calculation is going on and that.  In the calculation, we will tell you what is getting basically this fit for 130 is 1170 1170, whatever you have, send message 1170, the carpet area will come out, it will come out to be 600 B square feet and it is not different at all, okay, so which is 2BHK of MRG with Maa Saraswati square feet.  Ok 236 has come out and it has no hair. In making the same product, it will come out at 130 and there will be air and  Air will also come into the bathroom and if you take off your shirt, it will reduce further, so I will calculate it again and tell you the result clearly, how much will you calculate and how will you calculate this product, which is ours, okay, it is worth Rs 50 lakh.  We can send logic. I told you that they sell the 62nd hang, so they reduced it by twenty percent and alarmed twice, so this is their 50 lakhs, they sent the main builder for sixty to calculate the creation.  If you can, then you do n't even have vanities, the quality is also not that good, so 5050 will be spent in four, then your development correction of 2 crores, further your Rs. 6000 610, then the total rate, I calculated it again, I met many people.  And now with the increase in cement rates, even if you make it yourself, it will be ₹2000. You cannot make it by anyone else. Well, this is also true.  You will bring a contractor, you cannot become a contractor yourself, it is okay, then bring a contractor and take all the material yourself because in this you have put in the effort of lifting the lift, because the left itself will cost you Rs 150 to Rs 180, the lesson of construction cost which is Rs 2000. I have calculated neither the enjoyment nor the writing and I carry ₹ 2000. This 2,000 can be exchanged for 2223. Will you give it to someone else? Brother, if you make it yourself then it will cost Rs 2000, then people will say that every Rs.200 does not earn profit, the person earning profit earns Rs 600 to 700 because he is equal to mine, he knows it, you people don't know, so he saves more money because  He knows that he has to come to Chavadi market to feed Komodo and if he wants to eat then the cost of your construction is 1.2 siya ok bad and whenever  If you return, if you buy a plot today, this builder will take the money from you in 2 years, but I assume it will be done in one and a half years, you will build the house, it will take 2 years, but if you also invest, then your money will be stuck for three years.  This construction will be 1.2 CR and will start from here. When you got the plot and whatever plot you took late, whether it was Rs 65 or Rs 70, is still with you, then the answer will be top fund calculation.  At least when we calculate the rate of seven percent, it comes to DISA, but I am putting 15 so that someone can say gold in it in debate, someone will get it. I am saying 15 because it will not be less than gold, okay?  If it is 15 lakhs, then it is made in 1.2 CR. Your height is made in 1500000 rupees. Cost of fund is like from two crores. When I did the plot, how much cloth is sixty-five rupees. If I take the plot then  If I will not get any profit, then how much was the 652 answer of 130, 50 thousand and ho, people are disturbing me by not calling and will continue to do so tomorrow too, Naagin call back side want equal side led friend, do n't call me friend.  Now that's so much brain uncle you were like if ok ok continue pin continue it costs 50,000, this is 50,000 If we come to the cost of the plot, we also have to pay the registry fee at 6%, so if I bought a plot of 5800 pieces, then how much is six percent on it and for 4800, it is approximately 3000 251 cloth, that means 47.5 is an effective plot, so I have to pay 50%. Okay, so if I take Rs 37.5, then I can play this game of Rs 50 lakh and become zero. Whatever product I will make, it will be such a good builder.  If the work is not done then A Answer is Active dl1 Space Answer Reduction 57.58 kg including registry and 2.5 feet above expenses If I get it in Srishti then I will tell you the situation What are the circumstances, how much are these people taking out, will take out in seventy  According to me, profit reaches sixty, so everyone has to earn, so what I told you, ₹ 5000000 is today's rate till you reach sixty. If the rate increases, then this is the feeling that you will send today, you will be able to send a chapter to two years, you will be able to all of you, you will be able to celebrate. A bench said that the inflation of 262 light rupees will increase, a little, I have a lot of complications.  I will go to Delhi because it will be a match with integration depression again. I will not confuse you by doing that. I told you in broad terms that what we calculated was Ft.  Our rough estimate of up to Rs. 1000 is fine, in the end of seventy, these people are getting the figure up to six, it is okay, depending on the builder and the most important, the most important is the metric that I am going to tell you. Now listen carefully because I help in decision making, okay.  If your boat is 12106, the location is different, if it comes out here, its rate will be different. If it comes out anywhere else, its rate will be different from the unit on Dwarka Expressway, which is about to come out in Sector-9. Whose name is Winter, it is expensive, you don't have to buy it. At first only two or two will come, anywhere you will find two or three, you pass them as if they don't play in the village of suffering, they say passes separately, these rising crowns.  There are many types of games in it, I did not say anything and what is happening with your tea again, there is a development button on SS, I will give information after 2-4 months, when these ones will come, after that, reasonable rate office, Nobel price.  After this, this market will be discovered, initially friends would have come, they will take it if anything happens, this calculation will not happen now, as I am telling you, in No 5 sector, JMS people had earlier taken out 5548, now they are 5560.  We speak in and now the location is late and the price is Tubelight immediately. We have to see that whatever we make today, in 3 years there should be a desire of the people to live there, you are not a weight in the air.  Can you do it or by taking a slot that only then something will happen, it is okay here, any calculation can be done only for 5 years, after that the blueness that occurs is okay, it remains blurry when these western juice understand calculations for fire is done for 10 15 20 years.  If you do this much then you don't have any confidence in life, okay then 5 years is the maximum you want, that is the maximum reason which can give you some 10, 15, 20 years of life.  Horizon is telling you to make you understand, that is, it should fool you because where will we be in 10-15 years, where will you be, okay, I try to prove myself right or wrong in front of the audience in two or four or six months.  But 5 years is the ultimate, do n't need to tell anything, we do n't know how they will appoint, so this is 10 interesting things, I will not use this product altogether, absolutely not, I will buy premium builder from municipal bodies.  What is it bringing inside the product, what is it bringing inside the product, it will make a lot of difference, I would like to show you one thing through this, that is, see what I want to say, a very good builder has come from Hallett to Godrej, investigate the matter Steam Engine Play  It was cut at this level and it is extracting 19, it is ok, it will extract also, I know it, ok, so this is your total, it is not making the plot, let me tell you the project, this is the complete project, ok and it has the days built in it like this.  -Road like this  It is made and here the plot has been kept in such a plot, it is okay to cut such a fruit, so we have to see that when the project comes, any acid, the most important thing about it is that what is this mountain plates, what is this. Amla data is like burnt bread, so the total land cost is less and there is no benefit here because there will be no mark and it will keep rotating, this is the kind of layout, we will keep some and or there is any regular pattern, then a guy like this  brought the car here  The person who has entered your plot will go crazy in the car mode, you have to see how long is the open area, how long is the pass, then products like its calculation will come, I will review that I will cross.  How much the community is leaving, how much the community is leaving, how wide the road is, it will make a difference if I try to grow one layer of camel, it is difficult to grow these layers, I don't know what they have become, okay, this is the plot.  He is mute and here he has made a road like this, he has cut a plot like this, it is okay, so if you want to reach here, then you forget that I will reach here by adding a car like this, this is the last one to know, this is very bad, we will give a lesson, okay, then the man's  It comes to mind in the mind that something can come, it is enough to boil it or the right skin is straight, it is fine, it has come to youth, it has to be given to the left, it is very important for you, for this project, the Spanish location is very important for you, so in this  What are the things you have to see, people will then make every discovery, I will summarize and tell you, thank you, I will stop recording, first of all, we need a red bread [music], aprofession, a plot, to any project, come back, oh religion, length *  Back side English speaking Treeless and minimum of plot I would like Hotspot wider than feet on bike If you return then nothing will be done Plated OK 22 carat minimum  daily earning-140rs plot also have width above 24 to leave for vastu then very good actions were popping plot places of 131 34 courier ticket so it is ok to keep this information for you sure then first this is allocation is project is project  The plot is limited and how much openness is there, that too has to be written inside it, you have to calculate this, you will understand but on commenting, how many have been removed from it and how many have been returned.  How much openness is left? Too many people are leaving the open space. Ready Space Living. You are leaving the open space which you cannot return. This is only a little in winters. That was left out of compulsion. So the premium builders will leave the place.  He will define when the product is basic, we have got the idea of ​​bread, brother, you must understand one thing, how can the fee not be lower, I am talking inside Gurgaon, avoid gold in gold, wait for the computer, its a separate topic.  What region is there, is there footpath or any work there, it is very expensive in that area, the rate there is fine, my rate comes out to be 3233 this year, the rate and day charged by a very small builder is very high and becomes a general bogie.  Do not go in the country which is making general bogie, here some AC three tire product will come in lots, only I will tell you general, what general bogie is being made here, this 31 will be remembered, this is the sleeper class in between, right, that will not come. And you see, what we can build inside it, we will not be able to build more than 2BHK of an affordable housing, we will have to leave things, when you will come out with the design, then since this is your kitchen, air should come from there, right?  Many people are not able to see its designing, are not able to visualize it, so first of all you have to know the size of the plot, see the builder, see the left, answer is, you will not come to Gurgaon for holidays in this mud Gurgaon.  As far as my information is concerned, whoever comes will be called seventy and charges on that too, if IDC IDC will be launched on some then they will be called safety, it seems to me that the active will be taken up to 284, if someone else comes at 6 then it will be 1768.  Till then we will see, as soon as it comes live, I will review the natural product for you guys, it becomes easier to do that, now first let's look at you, if you are associated with me in the market.  There is a journey that we have to do a basic figure, new look for not being, this one has been calculated and told that it cannot be less than this, this much will come, then you will be able to take an informed decision with conviction. In this, the payment plan will be the money of the player role.  How to give a payment plan will player and a payment plan merger role and if that place can be dholak quickly, that builder floor can be built quickly and can be sold then respect was looted, dangers are there if you have to pay more money in that too.  Well, if the location is too much and the futuristic man takes all the investment, then you will have to go through something called time correction in real estate. There will be no time correction, there will be no price correction. In the creation, the builder will come out and will not be roasted by him in the rate, because those who buy plots are crazy.  And if they buy a plot then they are sitting there, time correction is reserved, hello, that is, what will be my final advance on this, those who are looking at it only for investment, most likely.  His device, what will remain of me, my device, as of today, Prince Subscribe is very clear on that, first will just ok, my advice is that you are on your side today, as long as you have something called affordable house, it is fine, as long as affordable housing is alive.  Tiger is still alive, don't look at this product. This product is going to wait if not one year then definitely 9 months. Keep passing, keep studying, market response.  Keep watching, yes it is possible that after launching 6570, people will say that it has become 7530, yes, it has increased, it has increased, it will not be visible when you go to sell, that is fine, they may give a higher rate but will only play this much game, if not more games will be played than this.  As long as there is affordable question, it makes sense to be affordable housing Dubai and productive affordable housing, which comes out of one floor, I will tell you that at that time by metro.  It comes out in the affordable category, there is a little bit of a premium one, check it out, let me tell you this, see this or this is the last one of the double, like your light, it is drawing a slide of light, okay, this is the room, this is the room.  This bathroom has come, here is the kitchen, okay here, if there is something else, then we will open a window here, we will open the window here because it is a tower, in a tower, the space is open from all sides. What is your work inside? What is the release?  this is the problem  One Point Plot Introduction Will Rise And Which Is Not Very Pathetic Affordable For Any Other Flight Its Plot Our Compulsion You all know that brother this is the point So from here I am brother's house Here is some other brother's house  And if it seems backward from the previous plot, then this is also closed, only then we say that why do I say to the next one that the fast is equal to half the length, so that the light comes.  So the light is coming to us only from here, a little bit, the light is coming from behind you, okay, and in that, the bathroom has fallen in the test itself, okay, and destroys, if builder fruits and whatever you guys keep buying, okay, then this is a compulsion here, flight.  Due to compulsion in the flat, there is space available here also. The difference between the one behind in the flight is much more than the distance between you and the one behind in a normal Good Have Planted. So, there is a difference between the one behind in the flight as well.  could  There are issues in the place of your name that in the builder floor and in the plus, it is open from all sides, so much space has been created by those people that it should be maintained in a very good way, which was a compulsion for the premium benefit, these things were done when the previous one was built.  If you are ready, you will feel these differences, then in summary I told you what is the rate, what is the calculation, no, we can stop the recording, I will take till.