That Hello friends, today's topic is the area of ​​Deendayal Upadhyay's people, it is full of confusion, is there a super area in it, is there a basement, is there a roof account, is the same person making orange juice type thing, then there it is called 14 soft. Somewhere market foot is called that you call it dry ginger, now I have a lot of questions on this, when the builder goes to make the agreement then the carpet area comes out to be 56001 feet, so you have to see that yes.  You should forget the area which has been mentioned, just look directly because Haryana Government has made it very clear on rule base material Notes &amp; Subscribe soon, so whenever many products of Deendayal like you are coming out, then you should look at two questions in it.  See the experiment and see in front of the camera that 1110 is 11 brother, 10:30 and what is the size of the add and one more thing is very wrong in this and Disturbing, which I am just getting to know, please tell me that those whom you have taken as West Prince are not but are going for it and NOC is being asked for it, show that there was something, now they are changing them again, so this is also a  There is a problem, some places have come, these are some builders, so this is what is happening, you people have to tell how will you feel about it, in the second, you people and those who are giving a punishment, listen carefully to him, all these projects are there, if you have seen this product on took the project  There is a boy of 20 to 25, it is of 30 seconds and then we add 2030 acres more to it. Later, in the beginning, we can tell you the system of provision for plots and you can subscribe 50%, but after that, on that side, if there is so much between the center line.  If you are taking more and then making more, then neither do you have any investment to take here and I am there, the public will not get it, then these are the products that defeat the public. Deendayal Upadhyay can be folded on the floor only very good products Deendayal Upadhyay is very good from the plot but in this also you listen carefully to this word in front and check me which is a different thing and talk soon and you will find any other product  The product is better, younger son Deendayal Upadhyay's 10th class project will be much better, it will be limited, it will be ready in two to three to four years, it will start from the four walled house. This NSS work will continue for 10 years, will give you position devi, still need the function, there is a limit of inventory that if you live in this big place then the machine supply will always be more in this project and the demand cannot be this much because Sapna goes so far within that project, you have to see these considerations also and one more important thing is that people are not giving much, I have noticed in the videos before also that ad In the projects of Deendayal Upadhyay, you have to see the appointed side also, people want to [music] subscribe, if it is absolutely subscribe DRDA play, if it does n't happen, then while doing it like this and like this, inside the car, no and other quantity thing and I am telling the good thing. That is, these people don't even know, I talked to them many times and did research, but for the sake of petty greed, they are doing a bad thing. You tell me that if you are planning appointments in sectors of HUDA.  I get oversubscribed in any way, even then soon what have 40 50 people on duty done, 40 123 45678910 go to the memorial and the same husband is opposite her, so now she will be ready, otherwise it looks like khichdi.  Have you given a break in between these and put your book in your pocket after taking a break somewhere? It is fine till 15-20, but in between that, Arora.  Ne face so that those people behind will leave from here, those behind will leave from here because then all the vehicles will come and go from there, you have to understand that the road is of kilometer but sensed Drona 9 meter this is very comfortable, no complaint in that, very good road, okay These fact hooda is needed, it is quite wide, but you have made it so long, you will make it a strip, if you had cut it in the middle, then your four plots would have become corner and you would have recovered a lot of your money from his PLC.  Had you done that you would have had to leave the line, there was a business sense for the road and its value would have been much better, then the upcoming builders I hope will take this thing as input. After getting the Edison flower, they will put it in their project so that the customers who want  He has this thing that when he enters inside the project, he should not feel that a long CEA, Azim O Shan, money is coming and all that weight, flowers are falling from that side also like this and such long lines, he does not have such a feeling.  came  So you guys have to share these points, you guys share this video so that everyone will become rich, we have to see this thing also in the selection, there is one thing and many people in the project are this deep or Sami is a negative thing about the project.  If those who failed are not known, then the customer has only one way, go to the site of Rewa of that project and the engineering people of that project and they are given immunity. Many people go away  If you listen to a lesson and subscribe to it, you will think, oh this is what it is now, this one is torn puris, you have to see the remaining puris, when the naira is ready, then it is complete, then humans are greased again, so this girl.  It is okay for those coming early that they want jobs and are going towards the remaining puris, so try to get four-five people along with them in the AP which is near AP where there will be some flights left soon.  will remain focused And you were looking for the discount for the last 15 months and it was marketed to the public. Now what has happened that you are getting that unit and you have to use your mind, many times we got cheated [Music] Feet are not informed with them, that's it and Dukh Khan did not tell you the whole thing after listening to this, you should also be there twice, why is this happening, if I am taking this, then please subscribe to me on any account, please on this.  understood by folding How much comes out on the size of one and if it comes out according to this then you can watch those videos also, your decision-making will become very easy. If you have subscribed, if the calculation is bad then you can watch those videos. I will try to make that video.  Please like and explain that you were not able to understand the bubbly things in a t-shirt, that I am very comfortable with multiplying and dividing with me, but I will try to explain on the board if you want.  If you want to write things to organizations on the board, please write 'Board' at the end of this video, please write 'BOA RD' in the comment section below, then I will make some such videos on my YouTube, if they explain plastic like this, then I will also try to write.  K's Tweet Workshop You probably understand things better which I have failed to explain honey, Oral expressions of clans game starts Shikhar's co-f equal to 1.2  7.30 If you don't understand what I have explained, I will try my best to explain it on the board and you guys will have to tell me about it. Thank you.