Hello friends, today I am going to tell you a very important thing, those who are going to buy a plot in Gurgaon are buying a plot without being RERA certified. Yes, I will be happy to tell the story to them. When I bring it, I will get Rs. 25000 Pankaj Mahanga.  You have to look carefully, it is the government's side, you have to Google it, you have to pay the dues of many builders to the government, not even Rs. 1000 crores ID CID CID  The builders have not given a total of Rs 14 thousand crores to the government. There is a list of Rs 200-300 on the table but the most important list is that if the builders have not given Rs 89 thousand crores in the first 10, then they should make the biggest deposit.  There will be a saving of 30 20 50 crores. Six systems will be in place. There is no need to panic if your developer has spent Rs. 9 crores.  If the government has not given it to you then you think that you will get it, then before taking the loan, the government went to its current project, first brought the money, now this money man who is on your heart, in what form is he taking it from you, in what form will he convert it to the government?  So you will have to pay from the bank account, the 9 crores that you have to give, then you don't know when his face will appear, so if you are an investor and you are trapped somewhere in this, then try to withdraw your money, do not buy plots without stopping.  I don't know why these are being sold on plots without space, I do n't know why people kept turning a blind eye and so many questions came, that's why I was forced to make a video. Development is not a problem but a thing that is happening. What is the meaning of this, how much pride can a man tell if you yourself understand.  So you understand that when the size of Rs. 25000 which I sized, the logical question was that brother, Rs. 25000 will increase, then why are you selling at less, you quietly take mine and  Bachchan at 25000 expensive and if you are selling 9004 worth lakhs of rupees and you will send it at 120 then why thirty three percent of your loss, take it quietly because the builder may not know that he is going to get it, he knows it.  Customer, use your mind that this is nothing for you to do, you have to Google IDCIDCCIDC Chart Juice Pending of Defaulter Winters, Gurgaon, Haryana, you will get all the list in it. Look at the name of your favorite builder in the top 10. I hope this program is there for you. People are liking this awareness and you are also putting in some hard work. You are ready because many times the message comes that yes, tell me the name. Hey brother, you have to invest the money, do some research too, why do you want to hear all the names from me, when I had told you that you will meet and who all are there and how they are doing it, still be very careful, don't give this homework to the teacher.  do it You people will also have to do the homework for the other party. After doing so much homework, I clicked on it and then returned to any place in Gurgaon where it is being sold saying that mine will come, don't buy it, ok, whole face, ok, thank you very much.