Hello friends, this is a very important topic. It is affecting many people. The story of the frozen plot of Deendayal Upadhyay's builder floor in Gurgaon. The Government has given in-principle approval on the frozen plot. Earlier, earlier it was fifty percent frozen, now now  If you spend only 20 cents then you will get the inventory of Teen Patti Clear. As far as I know, some people have probably kept things out in anticipation of it and there are five  Question: There is some tug of war going on to give ten percent. If you are attracted then write in the comment section. You will give ten percent in that project only when the diamond comes. Builder Bar Agreement can be done only when you give ten percent. If your face is not in the PAN, it is within Rs 1090.  If you come and do not get the allotment letter, then 90% of it will be available on this website, then it is a matter of one or two more months, People RP Singh Google, I request through this video to the builders that  Don't be so hasty, wait for half a month for the builder to see the tycoon. Whatever system you have in place for your project, once you get ready for it, only then you can do it. You know, then you will quickly upset the customer. I don't have any logic to do this or if you are worried then you can tell me. The second important thing which I want to tell under this is the inventory. It is also very important to know about the inventory. Now that Deendayal has discussed with all the projects.  What is happening is that the inventory of many projects has been exhausted and as a result, the builders have increased the rates, some have increased the rates too much, and now the entire builder community is peacefully watching that the units are not being sold at the rates quoted because like  These will start happening now because the noise that was created on 31st March has now calmed down. Okay, so now everybody is in wait and watch mode on the market. Everybody is waiting to see what will come out.  It is worth its nickel which are lined up at which price which is being estimated and the conversation and the wind and the grapevine have made it quite high and those which have returned now are much higher than these so tell me what is the beauty contest to you Too much is being found in the inventory, it seems to be gone What is your take and where is river pollution Gurgaon please write in the comment section which part of Gurgaon are  U Police, Gurgaon is also becoming a big city and it is not as much as Delhi but it will be 178. But still different areas of Gurgaon are developing very well. Please tell me which side has the most blacks. Comment section thank you