Hello friends, there was a very popular demand to make this video, so today I have made it, but the biggest request is that I made it so quickly, after saying this, you have to share this video with a lot of people so that it can reach the builders.  Only those who are bringing these products in the market will benefit the common customers. The topic is based on the plot of Deendayal Upadhyay Yojana. I am making it on consumption and making a video. So today I will cover the war on which there are so many questions. Reserve is on one side.  North Indian people are looking for a plot. Many people here, our grandfather and father were farmers, so it is very fun to be connected to the land, in the end, the rest of the plots will be very expensive and no one is able to buy, so now there is a little saving in this. For people, one day it is that, second, what is special in this, there can be plots of square meter on effective meter, in this, below 180 yards i.e., but their individual rooms can be registered, the first rule is on face, rest is normal in all sectors.  The other thing about the colonies is that you need a plot of 180 yards, if it is not enough to get the registration done for individuals, then in Garuda, if you have a plot of 160 chillies for protest, then it cannot be seen in Hindi but Deendayal. If you have taken a plot in any of the projects in this area, then it can have the registry of Jail Road in Hindi, so this is a big reason for the side effect, so this region is the second one.  This policy came in the sector in 2016. Yes, this minute is also included in this. According to the latest, in each retention area, 4068 people can be covered in this sector. Combined with affordable housing, if the sector is only Rs 50,000, then only 1581 can be covered.  Let me explain this a little, if you know that out of the 40% sectors which can become crimes, 20% are already ready for crime.  If that mark is there then Deendayal's program can be done in 20 cents, if it is in 30 then it can be in these pictures, if it is 10 then it can be in 30 but if Nazar is an actor of less than 5061 then the limit of 15 is collected.  So, this was a little technical point, you people should understand this and the affordable housing which was available in 2013 was ₹ 4000 square feet great even today, what is its fourth shock?  There is an update but Deendayal Upadhyay is there anyone like this in walnut? Builder's wish, any floor is rated, then when you and Dimple Puri are ending now, Affordable, then I will make a video in one word, Grand Finale Affordable Housing, after that I will not make any video on that.  There are 56 videos on my affordable housing. Those who have not seen the channel can watch it. Those who are watching the channel for the first time can subscribe. Subscribe as many as you want.  If you have n't even pressed the notification, you can also press the notification, so now let's discuss further. What kind of people want to buy these Deendayal Upadhyay plants? There are three types of people who want to buy what I understood. Fourth, if you understand, please tell me.  There are three people in the account, the first one is the investor who says that I will take the plot and write this plant, the grades will increase a lot and by selling Tagore Badnavar, this is a category, the one who is thinking that at this rate  But I will take profit, it is Gurgaon, it is Mahindra, it will be divided, when he does not feel like buttermilk, then he has to go to another category for 1 hour, because there are so many people in the job, no, Papa's builder is the one who tells Papa that Papa is here.  Give me the plot, I would like to become a builder, I would like to sell it individually, then this category of people can do it, who want to buy a plot, build on it and sell it, then this one wanted to sell the plot, he wanted to become a builder on the plot.  There was and there is a third Jhal who is always medicine red. How much office person is there, he wants to buy a house, he will build a plot with his brother and he will live on one, he will be the brother of one and the two will happily go on rent, so it went something like this.  The view is that these are three, so we will take the discussion forward, so see us, I am going to vote in the end, so stay connected, those who will tell you what should be done, then it should be taken as to who among the three will be successful, okay, so stay connected till the end.  stay in touch now  I am giving an example in life that this glass is a juicer. Okay, so reddy is a piece of rupees. Now this cannot be of two rupees 100. Reddy is of twenty rupees, something.  In the cities, 15 will go, not even 25. Uttar Pradesh March and the rate is the rate will remain the same. Now the builder has the information that how much is the rent of my machine and how much does my arm etc. go to run it and how do I have to stand here and how much will I give to whom.  Day  And how much money do I need to save, at what price should I buy? If the reverse does not do much, then a particular mate will do, if I have to buy anything more than that, then there is no need to do business, social service, no record, no money will be saved because it is sugarcane.  No yes, it is juice, it is our debit, so that too, I will help people to do the same thing here and to commit sins, so if you don't feel like watching this video again, then watch it again or give it a try right now and bring it in your stomach. ok then let us  Let us take an example: You have taken a plot of 100 yards in Deendayal Upadhyay and you have to either buy someone from you to program it or you want to make a withdrawal on it yourself, then yes, you can make 80 kg, but it is 2.64 fir from Russia. I will not go into it that much, 2.0 means that songs play can become 264 but on that also I will talk more like Mahal Indian Teacher because when you sell a point.  If you want a producer then do the batting on behalf of those who want to take it. Okay, this is a great thing, so I will do it. You can make the speakers below, make everything 80 kg and all this is fine, you can make it with high definition, but I wanted to say. Like I have made you laugh, I can make you laugh, this is its entire built up area, so the formula of 50% of the carpet area will be applied, the belt will be 64 feet, if this carpet area will come out to you that it will be nine inches.  You will have to do it three times at the back, twice at the side, keep your friend at the front, there will be walls in the middle too, then you will get 64kbs carpet from which you will have to take out nine knots of string, I am not talking about left, Neetu, if you feel like it, then it will go, and that will also go.  What nominal list do I make? Which paste and four floors are to be built? If the city continues above then only one is needed. It is okay but I am a little more dangerous. Is n't that 10 lakh units of yellow calculation?  It will cost 30 rupees, it will not go into that too, I am never okay, I am fine if I live in crores of cases, then you will get only childhood hours, if you account Pankaj in square feet, then only give you ₹ 500 per manifesto feet, 500 square feet, your goods will be ready, figure 500.  How much did I withdraw within the yards of my 500 yards, we have to talk a bit, okay, now you have to see that this is the rate of my front rock plot, it is 55 thousand rupees, which is coming.  If you want to tell me the rate with the location of the trees, then this much has been calculated by the people, it is ok near Pataudi, first I took Kareena at 18 in Sector 11, along with some AR Rahman, 6570 would have also come out, I believe 60 including 60 registry, 60 lakh sight will increase by 22% daily 60  Lakh rupees is fine due to which the protection on it would have been 80 feet of a person because it will take at all. Now if you have scored then it has fallen asleep in the breath and in the hair.  If it takes 8 to build five mosques, then four to seven, four thousand square feet value will be taken for your patronage, out of that, ₹ 4000 feet will be built by standing 108 times yourself. Talk about 2021 for Apple, then the rate is ₹ 15, respect the contractor yourself, get your own number, carpenter for everyone.  If you add everything and stand up yourself, you will create tears inside. If you give it to someone, he will earn a profit of ₹ 2000. The bill will look bad and you will make your hair look good.  If you are making it ok, then 4000 scripts at ₹ 15 price, 60 lakh rupees more were spent, so that is 12000000 rupees, ok, now you are taking this project plot, it is not being registered on your first day, this program is also being made, that one and a half-  You two will cook together, you will do all this, then you will take clearance, pass the map, you will also build the house, it will take you one and a half to two years, it should take four, on top of that I will put three.  That everything was done quickly in three days, you will charge the cost of funds in three days at the rate of seven percent, whether you took a loan or could not earn, then it reached Rs 331 crore 35, doing 14-15 lakh workouts, then you all people. Send it to but I will send it in the form of someone, okay then to save four proofs on five people, I will get it at a percentage, okay then one court and four things are ready in your Rs 140. 421 people, how many brothers and sisters, 35 difficult brothers, you have created it, no cost, no problem, if you have to send only profit to save cost, you have to do social service, you have not earned ₹ 1, then we will see if this is also possible, then 35 lakh rupees. Your thing is ready, now you remember that the floor energy top that was worn above is not sold at this rate, this one at the bottom, then this one, then this one, then for 35 lakhs that if I  If I want to take out Everest, then I will have to sell this one in my 39th life, which is almost light but on 500 square feet carpet area, it is also available in affordable price, so where is 10 lakh Chalisa, there is so much difference, you are modern.  If the cost of fund has been put here then it is not happening, this master is right, if he is the first student to even know how to put it, then let me see by tweeting, only the meritorious students have to do the calculation.  You put a constant on this also because its money also goes to five percent, then it goes to 20 but every six months it goes to 12 and a half percent, that too, the program has been done so well by you, it is another thing, okay and there will be a registry for this too, but this  If there is a registry then you will also have to pay money for this creation, if this thing is made for Rs 25 lakhs then it is 25 lakhs old and this thing is my Chalisa that this is a Maayan construction, this is my last consult, then you  It has to be seen that its cost is coming out above 15 lakhs which is clause 2. If I start potting some 60 cents of the match then stir up profit does not turn out to be even ₹1. Is there any person who will do the property work that he has some interest in this?  So profit is whatever work the winner does, so you have to understand that these schemes too will not come till the end of the possible, the line is stalled, its lamp of affordable is extinguished, only then I give one last thought.  I will tell you the good video and what should be done in it because it is very restrictive and there are many tantrums in it, it is good, it is bad and if you are going in the direction of Deendayal, then Deendayal's product is expensive at 60 cents and now I want to go further in it.  I would like to tell you some things, if you make a list, then the rabbit will put another Rs. 2.5 lakhs for each floor and its carpet area and do not vibrate, it is left fine, now you have to see that Deendayal Upadhyay's pot  What is a plot of 100 yards, a car can be driven inside it because even your face in Africa will be wide, its front is 1819 feet, one and a half feet, that it will be exile, the coming eye, there is a car in the middle, the door will hardly reach it.  If it will not open carefully, then one in front and behind because one vehicle has already arrived fourth. 235 Princess Cut, because there is a little distance between, so two vehicles will be found parking below, it is fine and I have calculated some minutes all around. Comment: Calculation has been done because that too is the destination, the goods and spices seem to be complete in that too. Okay, so that calculation has also been done, there are chances of progress in it, it is environmental, that I think very carefully and make videos as soon as I send the food. If it is my mistake, then  Even if it is possible, we can make an appointment, but whoever says it is wrong, I do not want to go after two sign mathematics that your one animation of Rs 50,000 is too much here, the comment here is thick mathematics, I said.  G 60 cents is expensive Deendayal Upadhyay It is okay to build a house on the plot yourself, if you mine a lot in it too then it will be 50% but it is 50 % expensive when you are not earning ₹ 1 profit 12. Don't put in western brother builder brother medieval  Don't put it at all, people are busy not buying it because when this one increases and after four-five years, there will be a glut of these in the market, then this one will be free at 40 cents.  I will also buy it, that person will like it, Vikash, your product, here too, at our place too, when the air behind our shake hands with people, when you are making eighty percent, then 50 were fitted for an eighteen year old.  There is a plot of that paper, so you have left your passport ahead, a little passport ahead, you have left it behind, so the air must also come from somewhere to give input to the balcony, a little too happy Roshni, if the Chinese broadcasting has stopped, then you are sitting on the balcony, second hand.  Tax  You can have two covers coming from the back side and try making any map and if it is time to give it to the students, then I have set the president, so I have not only taken out the area, but if you take out the Shakya, then that too is of no use, neither in your kitchen.  The sun has not come in the kitchen, I will not come in Hindu religion, it is okay and the question twice in the kitchen bathroom, then it will not come in the room, somehow the design was made, it was very day and in front of it and standing in the middle, there is a road of these meters and another one.  stands ahead and  They are full to capacity, so my message to you is that you do not have to buy this product and all the builders who are making this project, it does not mean that you should not accept the currency by making it backward because this is the type of society.  Project 10 will take 15 years to grow, you have maintained it, you start living here, if you don't like to live here, then after seeing the soil flying, it was always clean, epidemic known renters will live in it, it is said that the airport  But we Leo are poor, very close and this humble person will reduce this welcome on the body, but there will be rich people here and that will not be very free, I have calculated and opened for you, so all the winters you can  You can watch these videos, who is bringing this project, these are the projects, this is how I have cleaned them up, I will do it in a separate video, those who are sensible people have raised slogans on this, I have also raised huge costings, you tell this in the video.  handle a lot  Have to keep it and with whatever finding you have to do Shaukat Chalisa, then tomorrow at 138 o'clock, if someone buys a good dark mask made for 55 lakhs, then don't wear it or we will pay two-four rupees less in it, I will celebrate in the forest later.  If it will be open even from then I will do that in the next videos to explain to you how to understand that product but I am repeating to you again that Deendayal Upadhyay Plot is not to be bought anywhere and this  If you don't want to buy at Rs 60,000 then don't buy Astitva. Tell me, you did the calculation on the site. People are trying to get it even at Rs 70,000, 80,000. Wherever the name of the sector is 102 108 506, there people will not think well but it will maths will.  Not work, this is a lot of eating khichdi, it is like eating pigeons, there will be no space or pollution in it, there will be very bad space because there are multiple stories above there. 5 have come inside the house, it may go but the towers are standing here, they will remain standing like this, you cannot make more than ten percent of the votes, the government's ruling in this means it is boiled inside, so you cannot make too many roads too. And all the khichdi, how come it is made like this, oh I will make it from behind, it will be made like this, from here, to the side, to the side, here, the person in the next house is making it for you, sometimes she is going to walk away with his vote.  you're breaking something then  The one next to you is building it, sometimes the one behind is building it, sometimes the one in front is building it. If you had taken the plot by mistake, then it will remain yours for 15 years. HUDA Sector 34 has become 35 years old. Now the programs are going on, so you will choose the next one.  We will stay at this place only if the accused invests and buys. Now look, the word is between us. Now sugar rates will also increase. If these people do this then they had said, look, my brother has taken it along with him. There will be an increase in all directions.  Too  I am telling you because it does calculations, first people keep taking it, then I will take it in the field too, then I will give it in Dixit, I will make sure that some of that dirt will work, it is India, but I, an informed subscriber, want to tell you this.  I have been saying that this report is done in proportion, write the report for how much and send it and how much is not in favor of this product. My investment mantra is always decide, will tell side, not that concentration.  How much do you have to make for serving Oil Side Molu, it will be seen but do not buy such a product because when the thing is ready then people will do it. Hey friend, this one was made from so much, I was telling you right, so how did you like this video of mine, please share it with all of you. You are also related, you are friends, share it with everyone so that the exhibitors on Aragh's social media or the people who sell their products come to know that beating this ₹1 is damaging the product badly.  Would it be better if they take out the mutilated body or tell my hunter about it, inside the well hidden apartment at the point, there is nothing left, there will be no breathing, that is, what is called, it will not come with you, which is affordable housing. Batter will come out from this somewhere, support the income, if this project is coming to an end then it may happen after a year, today I am telling you if this front 2021 is fine then it may be possible for Apple to build your palace in 2022.  Friend, Akshay will take it because it will be the cheapest and there will be only a few products, compared to that, he will not get the notes of Hooda 2457 Sector-57, if he will come to his, then the product which will not come, will keep singing about it only so that someone was good, now the rest will be financial only later.  There may be a loss, this seems to be lucrative, Vestige has increased, I don't know but should you take a press 2121 or now, till the time you are looting, 24 six months will come, that tree should not be taken, both were in  All the projects are being made by someone, I will tell them at what rate, don't release the poor man, leave some undertaking for the man, who can be taken out by IPO, that guy had just come out of Barbie Q Nation, so he has come down from the listing, maybe he is the last one I checked.  If there was something, then leave it on the table for this investor friend who is a common man, do not take out all the juice because he does not understand Mac, he feels that he is returning it in different ways because of the attention.  Keep all the people you want to attract, you should understand it carefully, it is a little long and if you want to understand, take the last one, returned in this divine form of the rich, by paying attention to this thing, it is true, it is a good thing, but what is the rate, what is the maths?  This phone is reverse engineering, I want to explain it to you because it is difficult to explain, Kanha, it is easy to spread, please share, thank you.