That Hello friends, today's topic is the definition of middle class, the video may hurt some people and if you help, then your words will be very good because it will tell the things like this, many government figures will not come, no relative will tell anyone.  Friend will not tell, no one will discuss this thing, the way I discuss, I always say that my audience is mid day meal journey middle class, okay so because I make some videos, give some devices, many people respond.  Let's come, how can the middle class do this, what is the answer, in which we understand the definition of dual gas, there is a lot of middle class which considers itself to have got the activity after the lower classes, as long as you consider yourself a brilliant student and you are otherwise.  It will not be for improvement because you have not understood yourself on the internet. You may be somewhere in a small town or a big city or in a class. You get some marks and you come in first second third. If you see in India.  So you eat something but I will tell you that it is not written anywhere but I am giving my own definition but you have to write this in the comment section. If there are many people who agree or disagree with disagreement, then you will automatically know. Even if you agree, you will have an idea. How do you like it, everyone says that it is the middle class which is burdened by taxes, lower class, not weather tax. This definition is given in many places, even the well-known mother does not give the lower class tight, so if  If the lower class does not pay tax then in India a person with an income of Rs 5 lakh does not pay tax. Practically speaking, HTC's Rs 1.5 lakh becomes Rs 6.5 lakh. If you save Rs 1.5 lakh then we consider it as Rs 6 lakh and for ease of calculation that  Six lakh rupees is your annual income and if you save Rs 1 lakh more in ATC, if you do not pay any tax on Rs 5 lakh, then a person with an income of Rs 6 lakh becomes Rs 50,000 per month.  Please note that a person earning Rs 50,000 is a clear pass 1000 topic. A person earning Rs 50,000 or below is lower class. Now people will be very happy, I am 1 lakh, I am 1.5 lakh. I don't have two lakhs, no, I don't listen, from here, I am an officer of the group, I am two and a half lakhs, I am middle class, listen, I was a wife, but the capita will be calculated, won't it, people? What has the family done? Someone has accepted that the family can be of 15 days or even 259 days. No matter how many people you make a family, you have to see where you too are. Sachin Tendulkar, posing as his star batsman, has used acid.  The one who is scoring all the runs himself and the rest of your lower order is sitting with will not hey friend, then the average of the family will be seen na mother ji income 0 no tension no rent no I live with you 10 wives live with you. The son of this year is preparing for IAS for 45 years and will do more. The daughter of this year is at home or you are the only one earning 2.5 lakhs. The answer to the dialogue is, will you divide the question by 5 to 5? Why are you your wife?  If you have a mother and two children, then Rs. 50,000. If you live in a lower class, then you will make other bags for the function. If you are ahead, then Rs. 51,000. Then you are in the middle class.  Will come but that too will be the definition of lower middle class there, so have you guys understood that below this 5000, you understand India's GDP per capita, if you see it is approximately $2000, you will calculate the $2000 per month.  If you do it then around Rs. 13500 comes in the share of an average Indian that this is the average of India in which everyone has an account, children, old people, disabled people, not working people.  Every type of people or P average is there, now let's go above it, the upper limit is like confirmation, the moment it crosses 50 lakhs, then only your upper middle class 9 of the family will have an account, people will not feel it a little, first of all I am telling you. Was telling this that yes, if your family has an annual income of ₹ 5000000 including four to five people then you can be classified as Saif Ali upper middle class because you know above the free leg.  What benefits of taxation are changed? The government told you that 10 numbers of Rs 10 to 30 lakh each are worth this. Do you all know that if it is cashless then after Rs 50 lakh your slices increase. Do you know then you will be called in 'Chitti Lakh'?  If you have a slightly lower class and if the family income per capita is less than Rs 56 lakh per annum, then brother, you are of a lower class, if you are interested in this, then pursue it because that child will at some point in time  He will purify himself and when he does it, you will be middle class. The day your child gets a job and he leaves your house, you become my dead body. Till the time it is not there, you people are class. You people send it like class and like them.  Spend money and don't think of yourself as a big thing. Yes, a big mistake is being made. This is a big mistake. The day your wife starts earning money, that's why I am saying to your wife to earn money. When you go to lower class, is n't it actually?  you say lower class  There are five people there, one is an autorickshaw driver, the son, the other son is working as a mechanic, the father is the supervisor, the mother is massaging the pregnant ladies and the daughter-in-law who will grow up is working inside the beauty parlor, their combination is less, text this dialogue.  It also touches the entire family. The items mentioned here do all the work. This also costs around Rs 2.5 lakh. If you do n't dry it, then put it for two and you will get Rs 2.5 lakh.  Look at how much tax is delayed and these people are not paying even ₹ 1 tax, this is also a big difference when five people are earning 50,000 505 5050 then their income is 2.5 lakh rupees and they are not paying even ₹ 1 tax because 50  That one does n't give power at all and the way these people earn, neither have you visited any white hut year, that's why and you know everything but you are an officer of a government group, a top senior officer, your 2.5 lakhs  The salary is in rupees but if you earn only alone then your tax love is known to you. If it becomes 30 lakhs then in ten to twenty lakhs your 668010 will go and in 5 to 10 lakhs 1 lakh will go. Even before that, then your  About Rs 65000 per month's taxi, the dry money you were earning is actually coming into your hands, brothers and sisters, 125 more is coming into the hands of these people. Do this comparison, tell me the truth, they will look bigger and they are lower class first, they do their own brooms, do some utensils too, take care of their house, do everything, their savings are more than yours, the only thing that matters is that you are the head of the damage you have.  A Friendship Profile That And You Have A Social Status With This Much Higher Than Love You Friends History That Subscribe And Will Emerge In These There Are Also Many  NGO's Roy Dhoop consultation and if I go there to do consultation then I get this fact that the middle class is going towards 9th class, the door price is like the middle class and this will become a big class to the government.  It suits me a lot to speak to everyone, people come and say, Sir, we are middle class, you too, what salary is 80 thousand Ahmedabad or near earning member of my family m32 Roles of mine  Salary is ₹ 3000 and I am middle class brother, you guys have it, if your wife doesn't agree then it becomes 80 ribbon to 40. Your mother lives with you and she also doesn't earn so it becomes 27 thousand and if father is living because he is 32 years old.  The child will not grow up, the father lives there and he is also ill. If you don't come any less, then you will also be ₹ 1000 ahead. You are a good night, the national average is half and a half.  GDP of 13000, first of all, don't call yourself the only individual, middle class, every individual, your GDP is Rs 80,000, but what should you do about all your households, I am telling you about the income in Rabi, cricket.  They also have to take leave, they say talented, the batsman with six goes after the number, who in the rainy season is eighth, ninth, tenth or eighth, ninth, tenth.  There is a batsman at number eleven when he also comes and scores runs, 15 15-12-12 1415, so that is the score of the innings, because he is chatting with investment, then the score of the innings goes to a respectable school where  But you can win the match. You have also seen the results of the teams which perform well in Switzerland, so all you have to do is see what is the talent of your home team.  What was he doing? Yes, he should not do anything by killing his emotions because you have seen that if he will earn something instead of doing this then you will go up in average. The moment you cross the average of 30 middle class and scientific one also.  You are getting a loan to speak, but I have tapped you, how much of the above terminology, then start giving an advice, HIV Rich People of Ultron channel is cut and Now he can tell you according to the NCR network network. Now medium, are you telling me according to the calculation? There are many people in Delhi who are living in houses worth crores but in reality, Lor is their original residence or the house is complete from Lorwa but the house rent is not available.  They are happy to give and I am in the middle and their case is closed. The thought that the metro should become free, the water should become free, the business should become free, this thought comes because the actual thinking is there and I am here.  I am trying to take people up by asking them def questions towards the class. If you think to yourself that I have become first division and in first division, I will become very good, that is, I will become great and good, then you have to see.  Yes, inflation is eating a lot of things. You will see that inflation has come inside the numbers. 30 years ago, if 80 percent of the numbers were considered good, very good, then those 1590 children are sitting, something I saw.  It must have been two-three years ago that after taking admission in SRCC, the Noida percentage has also been added. Inflation will also be reflected in the numbers. Light has gone into everything, so the same inflation is there here too. I look at my audience, I am such a creator, I am something different.  If you have to do it, then when I say middle class, if you were considering yourself middle class in Rs 50 thousand, then all the devices that will go to me will go to the top Vinod, you would have found yourself at the scan centre. Got my message that for you I am absolutely sure that if you are in the definition of lower classes then today my subscriber vote Royce is the team of death so let's go up, we should take up but if first you satisfy yourself. Even if you find Bullet class bad, speak up and say, I want to go to the rich class and I will go through the medium of this middle class, that will be the journey, I will tell you how to go through the middle class.  But first accept it, otherwise this is not how it happens, I don't know, he said, technology is the entire Indian middle class, if this is the definition of 50,000 ex, then I will find myself with 30 thousand 404. If you say, then the whole country is middle class or almost.  The way inflation is going and the way it has come to a standstill, then not everyone is middle classes or lower class because exactly what they say is that those below the poverty line are above 28.  The day's definition of money is pure, you directly go to someone, 28 to that, 28 to that, anyway, I think that look at the salary of the people who swept, mopped, utensils and made maids in your homes. How many homes do you work in and how many homes do you visit? So their income may also be low, they may have become middle class or your maid, should I tell you the rate of four or five Gurgaon, like the four brooms and utensils worth ₹ 5000 which she has taken with her. She worked in 45 houses, minimum work is done in 67, even in four-five, Vidya earned 24 to 25 thousand, similar work, if she and her husband are doing any work, that is, if they are engaged like her, then 25000.  If the husband has to pay Rs 25,000, if the wife is a Kumari then it will be Rs 55,000. Whether he is Midas or minute class, why Bilaspur is the place, then define who will do the cutting. What will it be like, brother, minimum 50 cents is required, 1 lakh is required, if the husband and wife meet themselves, then to say that she should not increase, then this is the example that I have given, then easily cross it and ask your maid in whose house there is also a maid.  Come and ask brother, how much money do you earn, she will tell, how much does your husband earn, he will tell, both of them will set aside Rs 50,000 and the person who becomes an engineer and his  I am getting a salary of 2535 ₹ 40, that too will take time, yes, my father would have got 240 glasses of Remedies, brother, please add, divide and tell me this formula, stay on daily news and reality and whatever this definition is.  Let me tell you, with the coming year and inflation, it will keep increasing, it will not decrease, it will not happen tomorrow, no, it will increase to Rs 35,000 in income. It will keep increasing at least if your household is 50,000 lakhs then the new people are in the middle class unlike 2.5 lakh people in their Pandav household who contribute 0 lakhs then it is more lower class isn't it all your decision  The making should be according to the lower class, brother, Rs. 33 lakhs are burning too much. If you retire tomorrow, the pension bill will be useless.  Sixty thousand rupees only, so take care of this thing, please like the video, share it and please write in the comment section that how much you agree to disagree and some of you people did not like the reason, it was not open, it was not good, you did not like that all these  It's a comment and a small one so it's okay thank you