That Hello friends, today there will be a review of a city, there was a lot of demand for that city, people were connected and the name of that city is Dehradun, it is a very lovely city, my memories from that city are viral, there is a school by St. George Joseph Academy. I have done classes on Rajpura Road, I have very good memories of that city, but when I come here and do a review and tell something, I tell it only according to the latest information, there is no account of my feelings because Well, money is in this world, investment is the word, you cannot go on emotions, you have to go on facts, and I will discuss about how the summer is going to be in future, those people who had demand for Dehradun and all of them should stay.  So please like it and share it with those who are rich and those who were looking for a city, give us yours, we are not able to understand, we have to live a little in the open, please type and enjoy this review.  what about  Ji Dehradun Dehradun's story Nitin Gadkari Ji shoulder detail on existence also connected with elite and distance and time in sutra deficit in a very positive manner that is valid till the end of that video remain big I will tell clear water what to do first I  Dot let me tell you, some good, some bad, some very good, some very bad, at daily holi sticky, after discussing all the same, is it only one pigeon, I will explain it to you.  There can be two or three types of audience: You can be a resident of Dehradun, you can be a person who wants to settle in Dehradun, thirdly, you can have a normal routine, those who want to gain information and increase their knowledge, can be an ad. If you understand then you can.  You can think of investing in the house which also has inverters, tell me something else, just because many people have told me so, I have formally come out of religious issues, I am Ayodhya, Varanasi.  Varanasi has also been discussed, talk about Meerut, today Dehradun is on the other side, so do you know at what distance is Dehradun from Shimla, if Shimla is proved then there is a Shukla meter that I keep stopping properly, Dehradun is very strategically located, Dehradun is the capital of Uttarakhand.  But in Dehradun the face is also small, foreign capital and here Rafi big buildings are not going up, the project Habitats of Big is done by doing footage of gas. Buildings are not going there to project when I added a little bit of my Jagga Jasoos versus why they are not going, what a nice place it is because UPA should know the natural meaning, then when I connected the wires and I got the knowledge about it  So that is that they speak that chakbandhi of people from Chaunk Landholdings, there they speak like in our place, that there is a comment section on their silence, it is not a very soft hunger and top land holdings.  The will is divided and it is in the name of one brother and also in the name of the other. Which racket is in the name of all, then the builder wants to discuss and consolidate and buy something, like when I want to buy something and someone else's brother has as big a line and  By mixing, she is not cute, Milegi will know, Ram Kumar will say, I am ready, evening will not be ready, I have got pistachio and a noble drops into the title, I am not clear, here she is in this note, showroom and there, when money is offered. So one is at our rate and because of the bail, is n't it so that we are ready for each one, the other one is more than that then people become a plate, more money gun is useful, please like, it is a problem, so if investment.  If it has to come then I think the government will have to facilitate these things directly but the government there I don't think is so much into a record of various operations that it is political.  There are weapon questions also, some are just stories, this post in front of nothing is that Bigg Boss can have an old don't charm, there are many government good questions there, your Indian Military Academy is there, his school is based in that city.  How far is your point there, Aishwarya, there is Forest Research Institute and there are some other organizations which are very cheap like this, I don't want to take names, sometimes a little bit of that kind of work gets done and more.  Take your understanding from this Matke Online, OK, a lot of research and all that happens there, the center, the city, Ghantaghar Chowk, its condition, mother Kumar's great happiness, this is what I have done in Ghantaghar, is it okay, you, the one who is studying in Central Academy, please write in the comment section.  Will it be far away from us on Redmi Rajpura Road, we have studied it in Jor School, we have made Kumar's Kulfi, if you like it, then tell us in the comment section. From there, it is a story of seven to eight kilometers in the city. Secondly, we will tell from Ghantaghar.  The one who takes name in 452K is basic, the power in it and all this is from Education City, AP coaching is conducted there, as if you come near it in the exam format, it is not in the format of quota, even if it is not, there is a lot of government system mantra on the floor of Parliament.  It is there but you can see that it comes out of Education City, there are many law colleges there and the people with whom people made work investment where people built a lot of electricity system, it was a big hit. Hit means superhit, hit movie, then he has become fat after Govind, second hit-flop, if you understand the Vicky difference, then comment, the price has been set, the system has broken down, but the story is still the same, that child.  Will come back in these OPD system proof of India, what happens if something is not done then people give PT, the system is fine that everyone starts working, everyone starts doing like this, then when that time goes away then it is one thing that  destroy  All the same sugarcane juice at every alternate call juice at that time list properties are very less so let's talk specific on Dehradun ok pregnant you will get around ₹ 40 for one hour if you can break it together then make it or a funny thing which is available in the village  People will find it funny People will find it funny Want something different He returned to Gurgaon in 1968 You can choose the size as per your choice Here on which road it is located So if not  If it is more than half, then half subscribe till three, subscribe the channel. You know, in any city, on the side, different people were saying in it, how much is it for me and how much can I rent, if there is a mission somewhere, then watch it. Kent's Something on Sunday Element Inspection Thing in the Throat I'll Tell Me the Question He's the Typing Master who is appeasement Take it within two kilometers of Jhalar, they have serious something there Blue chip investment is a good posh area, now people should go to this posh area and according to us, your officials, ministers, the level of people who live there, it is the best investment, which will be used by a lot, then 16 Prem Nagar is the best place to go which is coming up, it is okay, Prem Nagar.  There are many plots ahead of Prem Nagar as well. What is happening there these days? People have started cutting plots by taking 200-200 vacant lands. And here, the rate means.  It is something like 20,000 5,000 Hello, how will it be 4550, many people of India who want to pick it, can go further, that line is not so much that the work of the parties is not done, it starts moving towards one side. Okay, so that bypass is improving.  Ankit is going towards Shimla to know that the alarm has been set and if you tell the name, then it will be done by the sir. My word is that it is seven-eight kilometers nine from Ghantaghar.  Do not go more than a kilometer away, it is Jolly Grant Airport. Do not go for her wedding. P.K. people have a habit of talking about jewelery like this while at the airport. One day I will tell you a separate video about the airport. How do comics work? Okay, I will understand it very well and the story of Gurgaon is also very misinterpreted. You want me to clarify that in the name of the airport, crores of people have given them the secret of Gurgaon's progress only to the airport, which is absolutely true.  If he does anything wrong, I will tell you about that also, that will be in a separate notification in the city, so I told him that he would like to hear about this, you can write 'Airport' below in the comment section and explain about the airport, what would be the shortcoming of the airport, if Jolly Grant Airport is there.  There is no need to go near you, you heard your mother telling you that what I am telling you again and again, the city is good, it is old world, it is evening, the food and drinks are good, the people are good, the environment is good and there is no such thing for you, there is not much boom in the economy.  I do n't think that the rates will be talked about too fast but luck will surely prevail. Published as the capital is located in Uttarakhand, then strike slot people come from your Almora and Chamoli and the far away Kumaon Hills above you. People come from the second Garhwali Hill and from there also. And government jobs keep increasing, so government employees give a lot, second, what is here, subscribe to it, this is a big reason for it, too well in the sense of requirement, this government form.  Would you have ever bought a plot from BJP and given it to the city? I don't know how many people have posted it. It has happened in your family that the people of Abe are high, their ONGC people are infatuated that whatever you do is fine or the schools are very good. I have taken the name of our Central Academy, but here your Doon School, Historical Heritage School is such a famous and old, comfortable school, the meeting people here are our own, from where many pause.  Famous disease password is two, Devanandan is country proud, it has a very good history regarding education, so if anyone wants to do airport for schools, please airport, this coaching-watching works very well, just like SSC coaching also works, but because this is that product. If you are a good teacher of any subject then this is the place for you to setup if you are listening, here money is less and cost is off.  If the living is more, then I am going to tell you that I am going to give you my verdict, so the question is body and face, Atif Aslam, you are a retiree of this government department and you do not have any attachment to any particular city for any reason so that there is no one among the children.  There is no problem but here you see that your children will not work here, retire here, there is excise on it, its soul is from Chandigarh, this soul is from Greater Noida, so that openness and  Retired only and there is a relaxed new feeling, the old world is skin, so if you associate age with energy then only you have to take care that those whose children have gone for the country, now they should live in peace, friendship, their accounts please.  There is a comment here but now due to connectivity with Delhi, the value will definitely increase and there is no doubt about how much it will increase exactly, I don't know the rates yet, can discuss. In this video, it's like I had started giving freebies to every expressway with so much enthusiasm, I am not going to do it properly, subscribe and increase it. Now let's come, you guys would also like to tell that if you are a resident of Dehradun.  It is not so much that your body is there in the property and you have destroyed that property and here you are getting some benefits. 235 230 Do not buy. Any purchase worth Rs. 1.5 crore is being taken out of its juice. It may look good but  If you ca n't find it in the bank, you can separate it here, then search here and go after Puri Puri, then the bank recovery is also done. Hagel, this premium thing from where Mussoorie is written, you can see it from many places, okay, not from the front.  If you look, you will be able to see Mussoorie from behind, this will be something to be looked for, that 172 of staying here, which I will tell you, which I have kept taking Scorpio, so I have subscribed Mussoorie.  Mussoorie [Music] Subscribe Then Rishikesh is fine, have fun here in Haridwar, go to Ganga ji, go to Mussoorie, Mussoorie is not much to visit, subscribe, I will not take names in case it happens again, but they have someone to stay healthy, if you are a particular peace-loving person. And your money is being earned online, okay by sharing knowledge or by doing some such coaching-watching or if you are looking for peace then there is some relaxing work here. Also notice of Retirement Homes so that health but with this area if I run the liver then I wash the face made in Retirement Home Swimming Video, this is green from outside green signal, no such slide flex is seen, I am fine, this you were the point of view in reasonable prices Difficulties were not given to you in the investment phase of Guddu Singh Mix, but on this also I will give you good clarity that brothers, people have invested.  Keeping separate is very wrong [Music] Mere Dad Mein Can You Mean That You Pertain To Make For Everybody Most People In India Will Inform's Child Will Remain Human's Child Was Born At That Place Two-Three Kilometers From Dehradun And That [Music]  ] SUBSCRIBE Do n't be afraid to invest money in SUBSCRIBE [MUSIC] SUBSCRIBE [MUSIC] It's okay to hate the previous builder so you can see both of those and Subscribe I have cleared two A's and tell me how is that energy of mine? About Dehradun, it will clear your exam. This t-shirt is the place where you can go. It is also the capital city of the state with big knowledge. It is back connected.  To Delhi Invented The Distance Vitamin C Trade Deficit And How Much Drink Will Affect It In The Next Six Months I Will Know Who I Just Started Connecting The Dots 2 Months  How will I have a picture family, then that too we have not happened today. Exactly, according to this much money, alternative that I am here, how much will you eat, how much will it cost, it will happen, but this is something, you can start looking at you, start going physically. Please do not search on the internet Mustard Dehradun Physically on this lap and on your internet Will you understand, it will be visible which I have told the rules and regulations, it is free  The meaning there is not like what we are used to as normal, you are a little different there and it is different from place to place, so the place where the error is different, how many validations can you make?  Will also sit at home without delay, but will not understand after doing 99. Please share. How did you like this video? Tell me, which city will you catch next? Tell me, the city which will be in most demand. If the topic is in shares, then their  Please tell me, don't take the power to small cities, I do n't have such a big audience, if I stop them, then the maximum demand of the cities comes, then the demand of the system comes, I will make it on them, I will always give clarity, I will make your convention and remove the confusion, thank you.