Hello friends, there is a special plan for the people of Delhi. Ward residents can also add what I am going to tell in it. A template is being followed for the people of Delhi. They want to open some of their builders by selling them. Most of the Lambs' allegations burst this.  Template in which the life exists, brother of super very specific region, buy a builder floor in some colony of Gurgaon and buy a commercial with it which will save money.  This template is wrong according to me Bigg Boss, it stops your future growth. It is definitely not to be taken in Gurgaon in commercial. You will do a little research inside the intense. If you go anywhere in the past, you will remember what is the reason for it in a second.  This is whether your quality of life is affected. If you want to move out of Muktsar in Delhi, then do not go to that area of ​​Gurgaon where after 10 years, five to eight years it will become the same as Delhi. This is just this facility Jaipur deal is exactly in your heart in a particular way, the manika element in that heart is like that, its color stands out like this, this is what it is and this is why I was born, Rawadi is very intelligent so he will understand.  Okay Busshirt and this one is okay, so you fold this problem like this, it has a very different service, it has very good missions, make them one crore, a lot, I will not be able to tell it openly in this video because you can understand.  If you are wise then a hint is enough and there are many good options. Leave this plate. Wealth creation does not happen. You bring it from one place and hand it over to another place. You wonder why it has increased. That milk is yours, one glass is so much.  It is big, two have to be seen in it, it is okay, add one spoon of sugar and so much code wifi to that milk and swirl it in the mixer, it is okay on the basis and if it is put again, then the same thing becomes so much, then it definitely looks like that.  something increased because he  It was this much, you swirled it in a mixer, it became so much but when you go to drink it, it turns into a foam worth ₹ 1. They say 'Rahu' in a trolley and ' Hawabaazi' in investment, then you feel that you are missing something.  Gone, did you get any value, that value, the next day, see the pepper, how many friends it has, and in many places, now the system is coming like this, the rules and regulations are becoming very tight, such things are included in it.  If it cannot be sold further, then this thing is specially for you people, I am telling you that it is a little difficult now, it is no longer so simple, and species, when you have a plate of fifty-six bhog, putting it at different places inside Gurgaon.  Try 1 Waif Multiple Properties in Black Money in Different Geographical Areas Floating Point Investment How did you like it, understood a little, applied it straight and used it 11  Grandmother-aunt, I will try to tell you a little more, but a hint is enough for the wise. People of Delhi, you are far above the shiny. According to me, you are the residents of Delhi, then the people of Delhi are far above the problem. Now I make Delhi real.  Estate series till now some for Delhiites New Delhi in Dwarka Janakpuri in Kirti Nagar Mayapuri Punjabi Bagh Karol Bagh Greater Kailash Road Near Pritampura I will subscribe for Delhiites so soon, now Delhi Cooch thing will be there in it.  I will tell you the pest solution for people living in every area. If you are a Delhi resident watching this video or have property in Delhi or you have friends in Delhi, please do it. Sir, please share it with them. You will tell that this tele real estate.  Will be linked to you, you don't even talk, no one talks, let's talk for the people of Delhi too, something is coming to you too, something of yours will come, which one will come, will that also be discussed in Delhi, a message from me  Delhi is from the country  It is the capital, do n't leave it so soon, the region has to be very clear, it is absolutely easy, if I have 12,000 rupees in it, then it is a different matter, you will have to leave the house, is it okay whether the property is of less value or is it coming the other way, if there is something different in the place.  They will know along with you, Delhi is very big, so you tell me, you are from New Delhi, please start writing about your area in the comment section, which Shalimar Bagh, Punjabi Bagh, Karol Bagh, Vikaspuri, Janakpuri. Mayapuri ES Kirti, whatever it is, each one will be a little different, Vikaspuri Paschim Vihar will remain separate, Paste Extractor will remain separate, Patparganj's will remain separate, so if a pot is given to me for this, then I will delete it, now I will not call back to such a colony.  I will make a cluster, okay, people of Uttam Nagar, you should have such a work program, okay, this is the option for you, children, if the parents work here, it is like this, by the way, I am just defining it very well. Teacher, I will explain it to you very well. You have to ask maximum questions about this in the comment section and share it with maximum people because no one is bothering Delhiites by searching. Thank you.