That Hello friends, today's topic is List for Gurgaon and Delhiwalas and 4 * 4 4 * 4 What is the thing that you have to stay connected with if you want to invest in good for real estate. Live in Gurgaon. Live in Delhi. Live in Gurgaon.  Whatever you want to do, if you are interested then you have to stay connected. First, let me cut the question to point 4. What is it in the next four years i.e. 2000?  23 24 25 2036 Will 4% of the people of Delhi want to buy property in Gurgaon in the next 14 years? Or are the people of Delhi already booked? That system is running. There may be a desire in 2025. How can it be done that its position comes in 2036?  It is not about him, the question is whether this desire and movement and his decision is possible. 2 crore 25 lakhs.  Of Delhi, four percent of it comes out to be approximately above eight lakhs. For simplicity, Amla's price will be taken only for two crores. If Delhi is considered to be only two crores, out of these two crores, if eight lakh people want to come to Gurgaon, then at least divide by f4, then two lakh units. Now these two lakh units which can be apartments, can be builder floors, can be anything, but I would agree that affordable housing will not be there mostly that no one can sell the property in Delhi.  Gurgaon's 25 lakh label housing will not like to come, it is my belief that even if you send something in Uttam Nagar, even a small 60 70 80 yards builder floor, you can get so much money that you can buy it here in Deendayal Gurgaon. Here's what I believe, write in the comment section and I will reveal the numbers in more detail. Real estate sports launched for platinum members. You can join the related course by taking platinum membership. It has started. There will be a class on every Saturday at 12:00. The first class has gone very well. Recording will be posted. You will watch it carefully, you will understand things sequentially. This is the first one, you will become a very intelligent person.  We talk more about this topic, due to this, Delhiites have already increased the rates in Gurgaon, which is very good and in future, it is very big, this is the maximum factor, the rest is  NRIs will take this factor in Gurgaon. People of Haryana will also take a little yes factor. In Gurgaon, judges and justices are taken on rent. He is also a fanatic. Those who come to Gurgaon for jobs from outside will also take that factor. But that.  All the factors taken together are 25% and Delhi's factor is 75%, so much bribery, 75% weightage is in the hands of the people of Delhi. The future of the price is in the hands of the people of Delhi.  What wrong are they doing, where are they thinking wrong, I will also tell them that or they are doing wrong that they are trying to buy property just like in Delhi, Kutcher is such a person and you are feeling that you have been adjusted. I will tell you under the formula that you want to take a daughter worth Rs. 2 crores to you here. If you think that we have done something in that, if you declare Rs. 22 crores to the government and pay tax then I can change the capital. Gain means along with capital gain, there is one and a half capital gain, whereas if it is not possible, even if it is posted in the indexes, you will get Rs. 140. Also, you will be getting the same thing worth Rs. 140, its value in Gurgaon will be the same, understand that you will get milk that much.  There is so much of cold coffee after spinning it in the mixer, there is so much foam, where after buying and peeping, it is known that it is so much, when you do it like this, then I become like this, when I can see that you are taking it, it is happening in Delhi.  So you are feeling that the value is getting this much, the value is getting that much and you are getting 30 wrong, the value is that much, then you all have to see if there is any other way to do this, a clean way by which we can get it clean.  You can buy a clean property in a proper way because in the future you will see that the color of the shirt I am wearing is right, the same money will be respected that you could not go to the country immediately or without it being clean and tidy.  You cannot buy anything like gold, you cannot invest in the stock market, you cannot spend on your child's higher education, you cannot buy property with money, so I see the people of Delhi, being dependent and being at the end class, what is India?  It doesn't seem very appropriate to talk about class in open kidneys. The politically correct option is the same diplomacy. Do you know what I am saying? How will you buy a car when everything is happening?  Delhi people yours  I am seeing a huge wealth Derrida destruction in terms of your inability to react, opened last time, such a huge related destruction, Delhi was attacked in Adarsh ​​739, this happened to Delhi then, now the people of Delhi will not understand, what happened to the people of Delhi, seven lakh 89  lakh rupees gajre hai hai a lot of places where there is play list place which is very less circle rate forex rates reduction is less I agree now that is the best fight in these but cent of  The area is maximum areas, you know how much mismatch there is, Rohini, you know, Pritampura side address, West Lee, look now, I will reach there, Delhi people need to understand this very well, force means landing in the pages, not in arrogance, now I am And vertically in Delhi, I am telling him that the people of Delhi have the highest life expectancy in the whole of India. Everything is good for you, but the amount of money you are sitting on is your quality of life. It is also true that someone  Whether a person is sitting in a property worth Rs. 8-10 crores or a network worth Rs. 10 crores, his quality should be his own flashlight. There is no such inflation in India now that its value will be a trophy over time. If a person living in Rs. 10 crores, then you should sell it to the generation that will see it in the days to come. Because that is one thing, you can see all the people of Delhi, in the next video Pawan, you will know in the morning how many people travel in Gurgaon, you will see how many people travel from Gurgaon to Delhi by standing in front of the small road.  It is visible and how many people come from there. I have to come in your vacation. I have said that four percent will come in a 4 years, they will not want to come, they will book something, it will take a lot of time to come because the position is there, these projects that will be launched will be launched in 2009.  If you get it in 29 30 31 32 then try this and if it does then you will see multiple rise in real estate market in last 10 12 years.  No, even I am not talking since 2004. It used to be there at that time. Now I have become less than the share market. Transparency list will not come into play. From 2000 to 2008, there was a place where rest was lost in days, it is fine in hours, not that one.  It will happen but it will definitely happen and drivers son, 70% Delhiites only, this is the expectation, so the Delhiites are told that this is the front, start getting ready for this that it is your property only.  Those with percentage, you are in your boxes, my Delhi vs series, I have explained the parameters very well in it, please go and watch it in the play list. Those who have not seen it, I have told very well that those who will go, those who should go should take Potli Baba's accordingly.  There is a very good video that the compulsion of the people of Delhi is forced to make everyone aware that if the circle rate is increased and the cost of registration is reduced, then all this problem will not be caused by the next party government in Robert Sapper.  I know you increase the things, why don't you give the circle rate list? We will see in this that the emphasis will be on the common man. If the cost of registration will increase, then increase this three percent to two, double it, then the registration cost of the common man will be the same. If we make it for the circle rate, then it is a matter of  I don't want to do it, all the talk is about other things, there are activations on each other too, if it is a matter of work then they should pick this one up, pick it up, why don't they do it, then I know today we cannot end this compulsion in this match, many people  You say this brother, because the capital game is brother, it can be adjusted to Rs 22 crores, if there is property in the name of wife and you, then you adjust up to four crores from one property while buying four new properties because one person can access Rs 2 crores, then the property.  Get the paper property done in the name of the people and I will teach you about everything in real estate cost. If you want to know how to do it, it can be done very easily. This is a compulsion, this is not a compulsion, it is stupidity, turn it on.  This is the stupidity of this system, this is a big stupidity, it is not your valuation but only those rates which will be reduced, this has been imposed, so much has been done, nothing is getting reduced, nothing is getting reduced, the pulley is turning, it should be turned towards the pulley and the clear cheque.  Today in Delhi no one is making money and buying property. They have to buy it by selling it. Every bikini and startup slippers worth Rs 110 to 120 to 150 crores are being listed. And from there to save the chapter login, take it away, it is not our balance, those who bought property worth Rs. 150 crores or 200 crores are not my balance, my voice is lower than that, so what do we have to do with that and now, please do not have anything to do with it.  This is your solution, I have also given a little entry on this, we can open further discussion on this. Okay, let's start other things through destruction, become absolutely clean because in the coming time, in three to four years. That things will become like this, why we don't know where the demand to properties can go and in which direction, what if the properties are boxed, then you will definitely not find a buyer, then if you do it on time, it will be very good and difficult preservation will happen. And if you keep sitting like this, then your value is going to decrease, that value of yours may also decrease. I mean, this is my personal opinion, this is personal research. How greedy are you people?  It is a matter of fear that you will lose things because today the property prices of Dwarka have started becoming more than this. Dwarka property prices of Delhi Dwarka Dwarka Expressway have started halving and as soon as the tracks open on Delhi Dwarka, they will go down and  Here it is going to happen from now onwards in this year if there will be 11000 ghee and here if 10110 is going towards this but that is a cost of production then see your  You, why is this happening, how is it happening, are you normal, what is the calculation, because those who became S-lets only 25 years ago, those who became four-five-che with eight-nine-ten million were worth two-three lakhs inside their soul. Put four as soon as possible because the land was Bigg Boss and the guy will get some profit too, so that thing you cannot stain so much that he will not move towards 34 crores again, what you have to understand is that it is very big and much bigger than the people of Delhi.  itself contaminated  I am saying with love that people of Delhi, wake up, wake up, see what is happening, what is going to happen, it is not easy, only Delhi people are buying your Delhi property, yes or no, tell me, some man from UP-Bihar, I will take it.  Level is also not talking about the properties which are up to a particular area. Talk about the properties which are in crores, which means the builder floor of five crores, the one of three crores, the one of 6 crores, none of yours can be bought by coming from outside Delhi, it is only the one from Delhi.  own  After selling it, he is buying it by investing a little money in it or getting some work done, it means someone was far away and he is coming to Naraina and buying it, so this person sold his Pritampura there, the person from Pritampura sold it in Kirti Nagar, someone bought China Lily here.  Only Naman and Rajendra Aggarwal sold it there and took it here and went somewhere else. It is becoming Robin, someone sold the bigger one and gave the smaller one to Delhi's previous post request, this is the adjustment school. No one is coming from the mountains, this is a limit of adjustment, after that when a large section of it will not be deployed in Delhi and will come out of the net in Gurgaon, then this bundle will stop rotating, then the musical chairs which is going on passing the parcel.  It is going on, it is going on, time will come for it, I am looking forward to taking the path of one and a half to 2 years and whatever happens, it will be your property, you have told me that my property is worth 5 crores, this one is worth 10 crores and this one is worth crores.  No matter how much he says that he owns this property, there is no one to buy this property. There are not that many people here, so the market will definitely be soft and politics is playing a role in all this. If we look at it in the future, we will discuss it more openly. If you want to understand the rates as per the firms, then you can take this clear platinum membership. If you can sugarcoat it as per your understanding, I can easily explain it.  Without reading too much about the offer of the district, now many of these people will say that they also call rabbit like this, as if you want to increase the rates of the village, you will make something like this for the Dalits and tell them that Gurgaon is absolutely right, yes, I do n't need to tell you.  I am speaking myself, I want to increase the rates of horses, okay then I want to increase the rates of Delhi, no one wants to increase the rates of horses, there is no one alive, there is a big problem, no one from Delhi.  The one who is teaching me is saying that this is a big thing, there is no mistake on this and so it is 110 and I do n't need many people to increase the rate, if in four years it has become 4402, then not even two percent will be four lakhs. People also do not have a single minute supply in the market and if you want to add to it by commenting then you can buy a property worth above Rs. 1 crore. I think Delhi has the best property and Gurgaon. Turn off the affordable settings and do a text of 1313 square feet. Ok, so in the coming time, we can easily print what is supplied here. In Gurgaon, I am seeing that of mine and the people of Delhi who are yearning for this.  The second question is how many people have to come and I said only four, well it is far from three percent, that is the game changer and if it happens then you guys please write in the comment section because I know how many people.  They come to Gurgaon to work, I have a rough idea that if I pay extra flat to them, then four percent is very, very reasonable, that is a very reasonable, very reasonable figure and four percent will not happen in 4 years, even if it happens late in 6, it is still Please start checking your rates in this rate in Delhi and take your call, understand it carefully, look at the handle and find out what is happening, neither the rates are going to fall nor they are going to increase because of my words alone.  I am posting ad hot that you start checking yourself, do not sit in the comfort zone, this is most important and thank you for that.