Hello friends, today I have brought a project for the people of Delhi. Check the project inside the heart of Delhi. Delhi people say that if you call me guilty of Delhi, then yes, it is a very good project, a little expensive, not much, all of them are in Delhi's market.  Through this, everything is there as soon as you leave on May, where big people live, there is a good project, there is a flight worth 14-15 crores, 110 * go to the temple, you will be invited according to the profile, you have the money, a guarantee should be taken in this hour.  gave you front So if you are interested in getting more information here and this is your budget, 3BHK is 22 23 24 25 feet up to 26, there is also 4bhk, among them 800 to 1000 feet and 3BHK is 800 to 1000 feet and 3BHK is Veer Versus, it is very unlimited entry, A Limited.  Bigg has launched 4045 flight buses in the entire project, not just like Gurgaon, 15, 16 and in the heart of Delhi.  There is no posh area than this and the location is not better, the builder will not get better than this, it is very good, I have 30 and many people ask who will buy this expensive, only those people who have morning power and who know the value of time will buy it and this  Address Tubelight Wow, Modi would have started breaking you, the specifications will justify this rate, I see this plate here, whatever rate is doubling in seven to eight years, rental, you can understand this in that area.  Expect now up to four and a half to five and a half lakhs, depending on which one you are buying and the opposition will be done in about three years. Payment plan will be done in three years. Gender is according to the construction. If there is a pan entertainment payment plan, then people of Delhi, you, I have seen it. Do a series of Delhi vs Gurgaon in which there are 11 videos. If you have seen that then you must watch it. Delhi is Delhi. It is visible in the rate to hear whether you will be fit on the rate course. At this rate of around Rs 65-70 thousand per square foot, something is going to come in Gurgaon too. It will automatically cost Rs 20 thousand for a big player, but there is still so much difference in the square feet, that is why Delhi is Delhi, so what is in Delhi. I made the series knowing that Gurgaon is good, Delhi is good, I made it just so that you guys can go and see that if you belong to that category then you can buy something in Gurgaon if they are in Delhi.  Need this thing, bought it by selling rough, bought it by taking a loan or bank reverse, please write the raw or as soon as you find it, all those of you who are interested can WhatsApp me Alphabet Atithi Alphabet Tokyo Atif Tokyo WhatsApp me yours  I will tell you about the profile, gender, how to approach at pricing, discounts, layout, everything, you will be told in complete detail, the interesting thing is to subscribe. Okay, so this is Windows.  There will be no space for Subscribe to Kwid Car Price Plants Place in More Address Buy Subscribe As soon as you come out of this path, Parliament too and everything means if it is a posh area of ​​Delhi, then that is Subscribe for hours, Subscribe is not speaking for hours.  For this you have to make all the videos and subscribe in every possible way. Belong to you can do. There is still left, if you guys are interested in running it further, then you will demand to run it further.  Those 24 videos should also be taken to the children and they should finish the entire series by taking it to 15 episodes and keep it for 11th class. I will do that. So I wanted to bring this project for you guys. Thank you Hey A.