Lootera Welcome to Delhi Real Estate Series Video Number Two I hope you have seen the first video because I had made a base in it. I had told about the five compulsions of the people of Delhi who do not live in Delhi. Today we start from Dwarka.  Many people of Dwarka are associated with Dwarka, they live in Dwarka, so if your property is in Dwarka, then what should you do, it will be discussed. Write openly about your doubts in the comment section and tell a lot. There are two types of properties in Dwarka, one is  which are proper CGHS societies, cooperative societies are very excited and flight is fine and the other one is this one which is in race mode and on a high road is clever this feature is of son son son son I will never tell much I will just tell this That this is a very low quality of living, you will not get any benefit by staying here for many years, there is no such grade work in Delhi, which means to write at that level, you should upgrade yourself by selling your affection to them.  I will not give the running address and I don't have a DSP. Why do you want to join? Want to ask? I feel most welcome. Proud, say no, I only see these people, you people here and sand, I feel bad but it is a factory that Ajay is the cricketer and Adam Badi.  You can't make everything better for every badi. If you had opened it in a hotel then the menu card would have been limited. You can just make everything for every badi. It's okay, so forgive me for that. Dwarka Mod people, you should give me yours.  Let us see what work is being done on that side, what should you do? I will cater for all the people of Dwarka who live in the societies, cooperative societies and I will discuss about them. So, the societies which were formed at late notice in the early 90s, the statement is in this.  The one which was made started in 1950, it took three four five years to be made, that thing is also called light, it cost six seven eight nine ten lakhs, depends on which more than a year and how much size was it.  It was a C society, okay, so you have to understand that someone had tried to land in it, if there is a title for a little bit of money, then the soul that is inside it, write it well, if there is a floor of 5 lakh chips, then it can be a floor of tips, make your floor Akshay.  I have given it okay, they can fix something within themselves and grilled it, people play a lot by vandalizing it and did this and it is definitely fine, but the soul of its structure is above it, but it has flight, not above it. is now  2021 has come, redevelopment is a system. I am telling you carefully that system cycle is of 12 years. Mumbai and Kolkata are the only two states where people have felt it. Don't see who was the Pecos effect. Flat culture was there long ago.  In Kolkata, in Kolkata and in your Mumbai and that is the same template but I am going to tell you what is redevelopment, redevelopment proper takes 12 years, four  It takes years to convince people that this should be broken, break that, there is a criterion of 6, 80% depending on the state and loss and rules, if you agree to 60, then it will definitely be broken, okay then you will also watch movies too, which are bad people.  If things don't happen, I won't break them, these are my memories, how your father would look in the middle of my sun, then tips note, never easy setting, do n't notice this day, negotiation and terms  And conditions: People are very willing to get the house demolished, but whatever the builder has to offer, some are accepted, some are not accepted, then a big politics of the society starts in it. The RW people of the society and the anti cancer office.  People are Pisces who are tied to their own because if you can understand how the games would be played inside it, then that game continues for 4 years and that auspicious time starts 5 years before the can start that the game starts in the society.  If it is a total property then it means that the society before purchasing it is already 25 years old and if it has been owned for 20 years then it becomes difficult to take a fresh loan on it because the loan can also be towards the cost of the property. Life can last for 30 to 35 years, there is a problem in taking a loan, going forward, you release new economies, if the country's rules and regulations are good, people will go and buy only after taking a loan. In transparency, if there are no loan takers, then what will be the value of your property, you will have to see, those who have old flats will have to wait for five years, so let's start rumors in 2025 that maybe something like this will happen and there will be four floors here.  More will be made and we will get a light and its size will be this much and it will be the Mars section and after doing this the design will start on 25th and it will be decided on 29th that what do we say let's give a little.  By 2030, there will be talk of breaking on the 31st and it will start breaking in 2032, 10 years have passed, you are fine, then it takes seven, eight, nine more years to be broken and rebuilt. You see the exit. These are the big giant builders who are made, like Chaturthi, like Godrej.  You already know how many years it is taking for a complete project to be completed. If you find out that the complete project of that level is required to become big, then you can see that from 225 to 225, your political life can be cut short. Through this process, now you have to relax, what is your age, if your age is already seventy-five years, then you will be fine, this is fine till Sorry Tuesday Tweet, but what will happen about inheritance, you have to see that a slip will be given along with it.  It is a slip, it is a part of you, so it will break at a place inside the nightie. If it was your flat, if the flight is yours, then you will get the slip, okay, those slips will also be seen, people will see that  Yaar Bhai Card Net Fast and Furious, you take that introduction also, many people will buy it, investment opportunities have also been created, it is not such a thing because the location is fantastic, what was the biggest problem you faced with Dwarka that everything is so good outside you, what a wonderful road.  Infrastructure school is fun typical middle class set up everything is not very expensive and everything is nearby and airports are nearby and your education institution is a blur  If children are studying then I will give full advance. Video may be a little long but you will get it even if you are sitting with a property worth Rs. 1.5 crores and are getting devices for free consultation, then what are the items of police attacks which you should think in your mind.  There is no answer, what should I do, I am telling him the thought process. Many people, you write to me in the comment section. How many societies are there where the registry is kept in your name? Exact leaf blight part is possible society.  It has been divided that if the society protests, then take this, then take this, take this, many societies do not want to discuss this matter, they regret to probe and ownership and this plot number 502 302 307 by doing such a thing that the plates that its ownership  It will be difficult to do this, especially if an old person leaves and the next inheritance goes to him, in which there are two takers, three takers, he is very big, then he can do such things.  It will become very difficult to buy and sell and do that transaction. Many people are sitting peacefully saying, 'Okay, I just paid you the money, you have taken possession, you are very happy living in your house, so even now I am still buying from you. Those will be available tomorrow when people will have better choices. The alternative which I am going to discuss, then it is possible that the rates of these things will remain here. The one from Dwarka is telling everyone that if the time is right then those whose old societies are dead will be pure.  Sell ​​the plant today or tomorrow and too much because there are still buyers, you will get the rates and buy something good in a very good society in Dwarka Expressway, don't go to face and YouTube, not me now, I will sell the house after four years, even a child. It is in the back of that class, this is my whole system working, not now, just press this, it is yours, otherwise listen carefully, I am repeating again, I am not telling you, is it logical, no, who is telling you to shoot, I am at home.  I am asking you to send it if you can in your society, if possible, in your house or in your neighbourhood, then rent it somewhere and there is a good force under construction on Dwarka Expressway, it will take one and a half years to be built in my and obscene Dwarka Express and there will be no food.  It will take three to four years, in 4 to 5 years you will become what you guys are good at and in 4 to 5 years, your 7th-8th class child will mix the bar, the 11th class child will do graduation and you are on your way.  Live But You Should Not Be Seen Your Property Going Down And Not Finding Much S And When Something Wicked Good Going Updates Is Going To Happen With Votes That Whole Back 2019 Research Dwarka Superstitions Dwarka Expressway This Was This A Little  So much has happened, one day it will come, I am not talking about that day, I am not even saying that it will happen, it is also going to happen.  The project did this and that but I am not doing it. 10 It may not seem like an exaggeration to some people because the ICC which is coming on the side of 25-26 in Sector-25 in Dwarka is fine, that is the benefit of the Dwarka Expressway will be more. For the sake of technology, Dwarka is in Delhi, Dwarka is in despair, Delhi, but its juice was yellow effect, the diplomatic enclave that will come will now have such alignment in the default setting, Dwarka.  Expressway is going to be available from Dwarka Expressway. Specially from Dwarka Expressway which is the sector of people of Delhi, from there you will reach T-3 terminal very quickly. From even Dwarka late, you will come there through red lights. All channels will be there. If this story is made, then this story is a story of four years, so any old flight with lift, now it cannot be changed, you will change the tile, you will change the lift by hand, who will get it done, crops will be planted, I will not do it.  The second one will do it, I don't want to do that, inside where you live, all the plaster is peeling off, the set up is not beautiful at all, all the old boxes are visible, the vehicles are visible, inside this test, by approving it like this, you will know which one is on your list.  There is no feeling, Chutku, all the parks are not there, there is no maintenance and the proposal of increasing it by Rs. 21 for one maintenance month of 18 months, swords come out, I too go inside the RWA a lot.  After getting rid of me, they also take my consultation as to how much should be the amount of ₹300 per year. If there is any fight, you have eaten the money, you are not of money, this one is not right for us, it is okay, set us in this one.  If you want to live then it is okay, hello, because many people have to understand that when those houses were worth seven to eight lakh rupees, at that time when someone bought it, his level of life was ending, then he bought it on the bill, it is possible.  is anyone there  If you have taken it for Rs 1, that is light, a few years ago or for one and a half years, then take a lot from each other also because the person who took it first, still has 15-20 years left in his life, but his level is the ultimate level, both are the starting ones.  Navel was this thing hi hope you are able to understand level glass lakh it doesn't feel good to talk like this but when you understand low level then you have to tell me if it is like that then where do you live this is my  Marwar is different, you are having fun in your flat, in that society, in that area which you are used to. You cannot have fun in every area all the time. Those who have advantages go to those places. When the children go away after studying, then what will you do? Not only the children of schools.  When you have grown up, that means people will be in their schools, then get out of there, this is a very good Eid, it will come in four-five years, so which chart is there, take it, it is good, it is under construction and its payment. By planning, the payments are coming very well and when you sell yours there, when you keep that money in the bank at five percent, then you will give a portion of it at 20 cents, then under that, you will pay a fee to buy here, then at this time.  Her marriage will be arranged and your fare will be paid only by that statement. So don't go near Tiraha. Many people are thinking that I will sell my property worth Rs 1.5 crore, I will also sell my responsibility of Rs 140 for two and then I will buy it there.  But it will be built in three-four years, so I am saying to the tenant, who is asking for your money in one go, he will make a construction linked plan, there are 2030 plans, there are 3030 plans, such plans are going on, so in those moments, all your money will be spent in one go.  I have gone a little bit, if you have 20, 30, 40 lakhs left or only one and a quarter crores saved from late, if even a crore is left then I will give you 5-6 lakhs, views 56 lakhs, how much is this?  It happens that in a month you have to exchange randi khana for ₹ 50 to 50,000, you will get it comfortably in 30354, so that and that rent will not increase a little, not only in the coming time, like the delivery of expressway will start and your money will be made on express.  The rents of Dwarka will be broken, the messages will work, we are talking about Dwarka only, I have also taken some part from Delhi, it is getting a bit long but I am explaining to you again and again that the old  There is a society, you will have to sell it, you can be comfortable as per your wish, I agree, you are comfortable, so why not saying that you should go there, 5 years, 2002, you, but simple things, listen carefully, I am telling you only one example by taking one crore worth example at one place. Even a house worth Rs 1.5 crore or a normal person's house is fine, an item worth Rs 1.5 crore will be worth Rs 1.15 crore in 4 years and here I am telling you an item worth Rs 1.5 crore. I am a good one, that is 1.7 crores because at one place the war of 20 lakhs has increased, whereas it will be more than this, especially in case of increasing cases, it is fine but still there is a difference of 40 lakh rupees in four years, a difference of 80 rupees per month, so I am this  No brainer, what I am telling you is that your property in Dwarka will definitely collapse and as soon as you go into the cycle that I told you, depending on the society, now the society has been formed in 2002.  That 2004 will be a little late and will be late but if you are in a society with joints, then you are in a society with joints. No matter how good the society is, how much fun you are having, no matter how good the gentry is, it has to be a happy birthday, just like we all too have a happy birthday.  It has to happen, it's okay, it's inevitable Gomez, everyone needs to know, don't want to talk a lot, look at the fact that you should sell it and you should move towards Dwarka Expressway Development Technically you are in the same area, Jha has been living here all his life, the infrastructure, schools, colleges, everything will be equally good here too, the hospital but of course, the time will take one and a half years for the expressway, it does not mean that it has become extinct, it is just a bum board but 3.  One year, four years, five years, there are still many projects where you can take and you can do any increase, Dwarka people, please write down how much you agree.  With this thesis, how much you are not angry, I did not tell you this very clearly, but he can also go to this cream, depending on how bad this society will be, you can see what I am saying, it is very good outside, mad in. India is doing it so people were not adept in it, so there was very good infrastructure, where am I denying this, but you are going, it will not remain the same, so will you do infrastructure and that cycle is yours, 12 years of development.  And the rumor starts 5 years ago, so before that year, people in the society will say that I want to buy it, the process will start on the day it is 12 years or 4 years. Kumar Nirala is going to convince people. Term and condition Hey so tell me how did I like and please share with us please share with all the people of Dwarka and in this it is the writing on the wall and the time  Vishisht is fine yes Dwarka this day there is an accident place but this is the problem of the societies and especially those who have not been registered, get something done for them, get the juice done quickly, the registration is there till the time this virus is there but we are like this as I am telling.  I am brother, my name is not registered in this society, I do not want to take my name, I know that there are 50 societies, I know that it is not registered, if I take my name like this, then it will be a problem, because brother, sir.  There is no registration in that society and then you are selling it but it belonged to your father. Yes, but father is not there. Now it is yours. It is good that it has been transferred here, only then where is the registry, the value will still be appreciated.  Very good idea, many people want to come to Ready to Move In, who do not know anything, wonderland story because my video is watched by 50,000 people, more people from here watch it, Dwarka Gurgaon.  A lot of people from outside Delhi will come here, even those who want to buy a flat in Dwarka, they say, give Dwarka to him, give it to the one who has understood, you can leave yours. Now, how much do you feel with this thing? If you agree, then please write this content in the comment section below. Thank you very much.