Hello friends, welcome to Delhi real estate series mode number one, in this one I will tell you five points, take juice nut Delhi applicable, if you are a property owner in Delhi, with how many do you identify, do write in the comment section, this video is a base.  I am doing it to make it because this is the first video so I will make the base of all the properties well so that the people of Delhi are sitting with them so that the next step will move forward then the decision making will be very easy, watch it very carefully.  Pick Varieties of Delhi Property, in this I will tell you practical things in the morning, I will also tell you psychological issues, if there is a camp issue in the family, tell me that it is only Rs 500, I will tell you that and will also give you a general advice across-the-board and on the device and after that we will take things further.  If you take it, then the first thing is that if the ownership of 778 properties is of GPS type, then the ownership is in title, if it is a property with issues and demerits, if it is a family property.  That becomes a big challenge. This is one point. The second point is that from this first point this challenge goes, if you sell a feature property, then the number of its properties and the way you get efforts, the races in which you get, your chances are very high. Vikas Dave and transaction leaves happening.  And because of that you are fielding like cricket, I will tell you the energy, I will explain why the fielding is set in such a way that even the villagers and the villagers think that you are batting, but the system is so much that when the ball hits you, you do it only here and yes, the cash takers are sitting there.  They have made only one system, such builder floors will be sold there, this system will be this is something which we need to grow and so this thing, wait, I will tell you all clearly in the next series. Its brand is also life, it is not a shatter that like Mumbai, when I wake up in the morning, I go and have Vadapaav as my usual breakfast and I catch the train from there, I don't want to eat, meaning you can have something else should forget smartphone, this is the second crow, what is the third point, one.  Talking about the generation, among the four, you have the Czech generation which wants to stay in Delhi only, which wants to take Kuru to the young generation instead of the next Jandarshan and I get many messages from the people of the older generation. What is it my friend, do you want to go to Gurgaon, tell me late, there are no cigarettes like that in the village, but why do you want to go, the young generation who openly tell you that you have to use your own intelligence, that is, yes, you are a  You are living in a builder floor, you have a son, you have two sons, he is the one who will bring his daughter-in-law, he does not want to live with you and he does not have the capacity to buy anything alone in Gurgaon, so Smart Krodh Exports would like to tell you the story. Gurgaon And and I also work, Papa ji, I am also in a college, one by two flats in Hague, you stay one, we will stay, so brother, we cannot buy everything, this is the problem, otherwise if your son, if I am normally, and someone else says, more security like this.  Your qualities are good, please Vwe Mishra, how will you live alone? For all these things, you are consumed in decision making. How many families do not activate this thing only, in this puja it is not saying at all that their new  Don't listen to the generation, there can't be any benefit in going, I will cover that in which there is benefit and there should be a definite and definite way of going, that too I will tell you the process and according to the place, whether you have to sell or buy accordingly.  What can you do but this is the chapter, then find Note 4. Do n't think again and again why this generation does not want to say that you cannot buy two properties by selling one property in Delhi. If you could, then you would have declared the organization and bought it.  are this  There is a website of Delhi, you can definitely buy honey by selling it, but if you have only one floor in Delhi, of 150 yards and 125 yards, then you cannot buy property in Delhi by selling one flop.  The problem is that generation has to set up a different set up from you and the salary of that generation will be forty fifty sixty seventy eighty ninety thousand 1 lakh 1.5 lakh and it cannot buy, even a person of Rs 90,000 cannot buy.  Some of it is sold and some of it comes from me and I also take it, so this is a very big reason and a practical reason, I am not doing this at all, I always encourage these things and I talk in transparency.  Why are you talking equivocally, then it was in the Mera Family series also. Templates: This point is a very big point. It is effective with Delhiites at eighty percent. This point is number three. How many of you in the audience are effective in this?  Please write to me in the comment section. Fourth thing, these are old flats, there is no lift system, they are crumbling, many societies are crumbling, so the edge program shown in Bluetooth, I do n't know who will be there, but outside Infosys is very big, Delhi has matured. From outside, everything is there, there are roads, metro and tow, there is bus, it is successful, it is good and he goes so much to another city, the city with which you have an office, Delhi, Guru, is not seen in it, something seems to be like, hey, keep the car as yours.  You will have to spend more money, there are no facilities, that is also a big issue, but the eyes are getting attracted, it is all smooth and nice, it attracts a lot from the society, it looks so good in them, it likes the minute which is not coming.  So and that new concept star is coming, that and that in a few weeks, a small builder floor in Uttam Nagar, you can get it here in Deendayal, if you have made a little money and poured it, then you can get two plates, you can get it in the basement.  the one above will go Decision Making: This is a bit top in this thing, how can I leave everything outside of me, then I will dress up those things as well. How many people in my series are trapped in this? In point number four, you guys tell me about this thing. Okay, the fifth one goes, play cultural difference, make difference in money, the way the routine used to be is different, now vegetables can be bought relatively in Delhi, things are cheaper in Delhi, cost of living is much less than that. How much is this in Gurgaon, yesterday, in the evening, there it takes no time, vegetable added, that style, girls, man, how much brother, how much, this book was for so many, how many had gone, how many, how much, how much, apply less, apply less, there is no such color change here.  If people come, then this maintenance has to be given somewhere deep. To live in my house in the society, I had a beautiful Vipin of Rs 5660 per month. That much size of life hacks has to be paid in the society because the chicken is said to be as much as in Delhi.  The value that is lying in the property is unwanted, it is your own earning, if you are getting this much money in the bank then you will just take it, so what difference does it make, it is taken in pieces by the public, the corporate ones, whose number is the highest, are so.  She is taking everything, it is a little difficult for her, that is, her money is coming into her account with the money of the Delhi person, she bought a property worth Rs. 10 crores, your thinking is middle class, downloading, I want to explain with a lot of love and cream, okay.  is that it is  The problem is that we did not spend our monthly allowance, my property will increase, my grandfather had taken it, we did not sell it in the generation, the dog's time has come, he is saying send it, so now my device goes, all the people of Delhi have devices, Delhi is so much. Don't leave Gurgaon in a hurry. Don't run away so soon. Now you Bholenath, I want to become the brand ambassador of Gurgaon. Okay, official, official. Anyway, I am pro village and I am the only one who says no in films.  I am telling you that the people of Delhi are coming, who am I to bring or stop them, I am going to tell you that do n't leave so soon, well Kudgaon, you will still come to Delhi anytime, you cannot go to Delhi again, you have left Delhi.  So I left it and Delhi is Delhi, I had to make a video, there is a trail of 4504 years old real estate, that too, I have to make a video, I will come and explain it, I want to tell you one thing about it, where the king sits, that semen, don't leave quickly, Raja, your sister but a prime. Minister and Ruler, in a shallow democracy, this is the Parliament and this is what happens. Don't give up so soon. Start by detailing the number plate of the city of which the number is found. Tell me whether it also commands a premium. Tell me, does it not? Delhiites, you tell me, Delhiites.  If your car has number details in resale then it is sold at a higher price 10,000 20,050 times Which car has the tree stopped creating this is fat  So as far as the number also commands the premium, don't take the decision so quickly. Question: I am India's number one clarity is telling you this that I understand things like real estate ghee at the level at which I am noisy and people also understand.  But the way I explain real estate is like no other. This lesson of equality is a confidence within me, so stay connected with this series. Write well in the comment section and tell me freely and openly if I have covered any area.  I will leave a little water, Rani Bagh salary, entire Rohini sector 34 3860 expenditure, fifty yard big one, your Janakpuri development, the whole earth, anything named in Neelam Mukherjee Nagar, I will cover it in a cluster, so if I do it one by one, then it will be very boring and big.  The test will be done, I will call it, every aspect will be covered in three to four to five videos, I will bring it out, you have to subscribe the channel, liking it will take so much and the old evening of Delhi. Let's go fool, we get better ones, okay, we get to eat soft food, do n't leave so soon, that's the discount, this is it, and those of you who came to got7, a lot of people, like me, were in a lot of pain, a lot of struggle, your family.  More generations will be created through gas, some corruption has also taken place due to the method of local politics and due to the influx of population, it is completely agreeable but we are giving you another best solution in this real estate.  I would suggest the series A Planet Even A Person who keeps the family balanced and can do both the jobs. It is okay without a back and take it in Gurgaon also and the new generation also becomes happy and Papa touches Mummy and whose grandfather-  Grandma, who is 70-80 years old, who has spent years on all the sites in Delhi this year, do not send them at the last moment, it is good, it is very sad, respect and love letters. With sincerity, I would like to come in this body. Further, I have a request to all of you, please send the video in all your circles of Delhi so that the audience can connect with Radha and make comments. Like in more languages. Creator of the in-laws will increase with me on setting on.  Track lots of information which has a nice very well. I just want to tell you but the feeling of saving me remains there that share your knowledge.  Where is anyone listening to this? Are you people going to listen? Increase your moral, increase your enthusiasm, increase your likes, share, subscribe, celebrate and give it to all your relatives living in Delhi in all your circles, because which of these five issues mentioned by me will appeal to you?  -Which issues are you selecting and how much do you identify with them, tell me also because I have brought this in real issues that this is a hindrance in the decision making of real people, how can we leave it here.  It will be like this, this child is following me, what should I do, tell me, tell me in English, if I get more than 200 likes of this video, then your second video will also come soon and which one should I start with?  Let's pass, we have to start from here, do it from West Delhi like this and go here like this, then go south like this, you tell me, is the app for Rajouri Garden Karol Bagh Punjabi Bagh Shalimar Bagh, the reader or the one from South Delhi is very good?  I will tell everyone  I will tell you by taking different examples, you will get relief in code information, you will get many alternative chances and your decision-making will be very easy, you will definitely share it, like it and you can also become a premium subscriber if you want to become one by pressing yes button. Tell me the very easy process, earlier there were some medicines, now after joining you can become one very easily. Thank you very good sir.