That Hello friends, today's topic is Destiny and Freewill. If you have understood today's video deeply, then your life will become blissful. Very carefully using the word bliss, I am not saying that you will become successful, you will become rich. Today 's video which  Those who believe in astrology, watch it and those who don't oppose must watch it. Let's start the video with this word cat, many people say let's believe in astrology, Luta, don't believe in gold.  Believe in destiny is tight, do not believe in destiny, for me these two people are equal, I am a practitioner student of astrology, I know this, the other knows cigarette, North Mata, I know that people do not need motivation in life but clarity but pulses and  Motivation has been that taking motivation is the most sadhana that was not present in it, it sounds good till you hear it, so we come to this topic, Vidisha, whenever you use it.  Let's do it there you don't have security and dear feed Have you heard someone saying this or in India that I believe Telescope turn off India I haven't heard that Delight of West Delhi Have you heard someone saying I will e  Want to make you tick, we tell you that there is an attack in this, we are the key in this life, you don't forget, you don't say, don't believe in astrology is only a and don't understand astrology.  Is it an app or can it be that I do n't want to understand astrology? It can also be that I am one who gives grams of fruits, the other is a vegetarian, now I am the one who is not want to know and I don't want to understand how non-veg  It is verified that there is no doubt about it but I say that I don't believe that is why one should eat non-veg, this causes a lot of problems, I believe retention is everything.  Well, the word 'Believe' has caused all the troubles in this world. If you remove it from your enemies then you will get happiness in life. It is difficult, it is not easy to bring the word 'I Know I Don't No I Understand' into your life. I do not understand or I don't.  Want to know and I don't want to know that you should not pour cold water on someone's hot pan, it brings frustration in life, so now we come to our topic, Destiny.  And free will destroys the evil, I would like to explain it with some examples. Destiny is also called pet, many people call luck, people are fond of free will in Hindi, so Bisht took you with him, he is not interested in which house and family you will be born in. You had no control in it, what you did in life after being born in that family, your free will gets involved in it, then you can understand this example, you can understand the second example. That when you were born destiny that cord whatever power God has he created you with canvas canvas got you I ask canvas side color was match crore then it is white you will be born in affluent family in rich family in happy family You can make any painting on it. On the white colored one, at least 10 different ones are available. We have no control over it. The kind of canvas we got is our destiny. What will Pentium make on it? It is freewill even on very good canvas.  People make bad paintings and bad cancer. According to me, the worst canvas can be of black color. Only wife's painting can be made. It cannot be made of any color. But can any person make a beautiful painting of white color? What are our examples? Many people in life were born with a black canvas and created such white beautiful paintings which were seen all over the world and the best thing about making this painting was that God gave us a picture in our childhood. In the very old year 830, people must have seen that he  a carbon paper used to come  If you used to do it in such a way that it would be matte then this painting would be like this, so you can fix it also, it is not that it will get spoiled once, so just finish it, this is not your permanent marker, this is your normal one.  Have made it and erase it, did not even give a permanent marker, God has clicked us very well in the canvas, we can come into the painting at any time as per our wish, the third task is you can use vaseline and cream, you can understand them as if the cards are fixed.  which in this  Hand speaking, hot handigraph had been played, he is Disney, what cards do you get, there are tests to play the game, you cannot change, you got cards and you play games with cards, you are that criminal, so what can you do only by force.  If it runs less then you can do better then there is a limit to it, how is the update better than Shani, you got very good cards, but you have spoiled the whole game, this also happens, many people do not want to say anything about it, what is there in destiny, even a child of a poor can become the Prime Minister.  It is possible through your hard work. Everything is possible in India. Ad If you believe in hard work, then I will believe. Explain the effects. A poor man's son can become a Prime Minister. It is possible for him to become Prime Minister. Many times what happens is that an earthquake comes and orders are given, then this is what happens.  A man who worked very hard had reached this level, but when an earthquake occurred, he reached this level and when he reached this level and went beyond here, will you fry this earthquake daily or will you still say that the earthquake is not caused by humans, right?  This earthquake had happened, a person was working hard till the end, a good person, he has grown a lot, Mahendra ji, everything from a poor family, you can edit it, but an earthquake was needed, to move from here to here, to get from here to here.  So you cannot talk about this thing in life like free will is everything, enmity is everything. In my practice of astrology, people who come to me, I will share the data that I have analyzed, there is a game of 3270 percent in it which is  70% who do not believe in astrology at all and are big tomatoes, their 70% life is driven by force, it is also known in the chart of such people that it will be taken by someone else and they will not come themselves. Those who have 70% freewill will not come.  You are a very strong and hard-working person, the free will of your body has to be played, and many people are the opposite, those who have only 30% free will and are stuck on 70%. That too is sold in the chart, we cannot change our chart much, but the 70% free will people in this will say that astrology is useless, it is absolutely a good thing, I am saying that God bless how is the life of all of you, you all say.  This astrology is nonsense, according to me life should be given like this but there are many people who face these issues at some point of time in their life and they need that clarity, so now I will come up with astrology. What is the worst thing in astrology?  Astrology of things like if you understand that medical science is medical science and doctors are seen separately, no one asks if doctors are bad then medical science is bad, they don't say that even doctors are useless, some good loot are very good.  Medical science is its own spice, in the same way no one does advocacy, Rawat can ask the lawyers whether the lawyers are good, no one is bad, the ears are bad, I believe in the law, no one is good, but you know that lawyers are good.  Do these people loot money or are they very bad or very good? I am taking example 2 from the doctor because she is your doctor and not a lawyer and these are your strikes. All three professions are real and run on the grid. There is a lot of element of affair in this.  Any person who goes to them in this grade gets trapped and becomes helpless; anyone would go happily. Till date no person has come to me to say this, brother, I want to become a good person. Look at my chart. Look at my horoscope to help me become a good person.  please help  If no one ever comes then as we astrologers believe, the world is the same as it is from the astrologers, the day the public will become intelligent and aware, that way their quality will increase, so my mission here is to give you all the clarity in these three.  If this video is understandable to you and you feel that I can make more videos that guarantee Jhanki Astrology, then do instant Indian knowledge and it will rain in the evening, you cannot stop it, that cement. But you can go with an umbrella, you can go with a car, if the event is stopped, the rain will not stop, then if four people come to your house tomorrow at one o'clock for dinner, your relatives and they inform you a day in advance, then you should be careful.  You will cook food, there will be no panic and if suddenly someone comes, at least something will be prepared and atrocities will be made, some chutney will be made at home, but the one who is the lady of the house will be interested in what I am saying, so astrology is very beautiful and useful.  If we remove these elements like 'freed', 'sorry', 'fear' and 'green tea' and 'reed' then it works very well if the affair and grades of both the parties are removed, then if you would like to see more of my videos on this,  If I make it, I will definitely make it. If you understand the basic concept, if you like it, please share and subscribe the channel. Thank you.