Hello friends, there is a basic confusion about Moon sign and Ascendant zodiac signs, there is a basic confusion about what am I, so many people get confused with the Sun sign, like brother, someone is born today in July, 2nd July, 1st July.  I am cancer or not canseri, you are in the dark of your sun sign, which is your Vedic astrology and according to that, you have one ascendant and one moon sign and that is very important, sunshine is just.  About five to seven person, only you understand this and people think all about him only, I am canceled, they are like this, they are not there, moon is very important because of man, all these details are explained very well, Maestro.  I am teaching in the class, people have joined. If you also want to join Astro Class then you will have to take platinum membership. Some classes have already been done. Recording has been kept on the classes, the classes will continue, you will attend directly, very good, if for some reason you are not able to attend, then that membership remains for platinum members, so you have to remember that Moon sign is a different thing, Moon sign is that in the horoscope.  Where is that dot of your moon or that dot on Chandrach, then if it is there where it is written in select seven then you will be of Libra moon sign, Libra is your original sign but what is the ascendant, ascendant is the time.  When you were born, which zodiac sign was at 90 degree horizon, it shows your physical perspective and physical, how you will experience life, what will be the effects, it shows how your man will interpret the Moon, it shows Moon and Ascendant in 8.5% cases.  This means that the zodiac sign where the Moon was was at 90 degrees, so the chance of this also happening is 8.5%. The face of such people will be round, you will never be able to tell their caste by looking at them, okay. Whatever is there in their mind will be there, okay, so there are people whose Moon is in the first house, Kitnon's, please write in the comment section, I will be curious, they will look like me, okay, so I have told that.  I told you this one tip, whose moon and whose ascendant is from the end, how much is the van bottle? This is 8.5%. Well, then he cannot be of six because his first house is still different from everyone else because his physical will look different.  The man will look different from the body and 91.5% of the people are like this, this is only eight 8:30 percent party from which you belong, this kind of interesting chijen is relaxing and fun in life, so date you what it is  Happening All Around You What Kind of People Are All Around You Can You Change Them No You Can Change Them But You Can Know Them You Can Know Yourself  If you know them and yourself, life becomes a jingle, this is what astrologer, this is how it is, I tell you the secrets of real estate with the same simplicity, relationship, marital series and the rest of my series became mind set and they all run on it.  Collect because less is about astrology, ok collect from that, this one will remain, so I sincerely invite all of you, tomorrow's class time is 12:00, Saturday.  The class is on 2nd July at 12:00 pm, you can join it if you have taken platinum membership or will take it. If you have taken platinum membership then please WhatsApp on the number given below and let me know. Yes, I have taken it, I will join this.  Thing so date you get the link in and those who are already platinum members do you know that there is a class every Saturday at 12:00 so please  Find out time and connect. If anyone has an emergency or any other situation, of course D recording will also be provided. Thank you very much.