The topic of Vrishabha is that your good morning to all of you first topic for today special why Lord Vishnu attended by webinar second topic will be system one system two by doing some brain thing which I will tell you understand that can set your role decision-making  Will welcome very easy and good and you will be taking decisions depot till process and procedure will understand third thing I will tell you brothers table  To Take List: First I will teach you how to take it, then secondly I will tell you why you were not able to take it and what goes wrong and how people insist that you should not take the decision at all, it is a big thing, and then four to five properties located after that.  I will cover whatever is according to you, so let's start with the first one. Brother, in return, Raveena, my paper Dhenuk is that I make those people rich and secondly, I give happiness. Let's hold on to these two things and let's start listening to the sermons. You have to see that those who are poor are the ones who are poor and I am not telling you in the class, I am teaching and explaining to you, the teacher does not feel bad about them, I have not done anything without it, it is the poor and the relatives whose needs are not being fulfilled.  He is poor, this simple definition is the same, so the people sitting under the pandals are better poor because they like to go where they find good. If you join me because you like what I say.  are yours  Wouldn't it be nice if you also understand this basic difference. Many people would have enjoyed WhatsApping me and you would have liked it very much. Okay, so it sounds like a big compliment, but IDPL APJ, if I put it like this, if you like what I say. Nothing is going to happen to you, will explain and accept and pants shirt rich man smiled at you are in the list and people will never tell this thing openly because if you tell then time will be wasted.  Listen, rich man, if any of you are there, I am telling you from the perspective of thinking, not balance, balance is a coming and going thing, today even the poorest of the poor can keep the rich and the poor deprived, if you are associated with me, if you will get any benefit then it is okay. And if you are connected with me just because you like what I say, then you will remain only money, so you have to take advantage of me by my words and whatever you like, do not get connected with my or anyone else's death because it is good.  So people like alcohol and cigarettes too. I feel like I am in 50 types of intoxication. Do you know that these days many people are getting intoxicated also? They also look good but feeling good is not a thing in itself. Well, if you have a good mind, then you like the many motivational gurus who have a note.  I feel good after listening to them because they give motivation. I feel good after doing this statement. I hate this point of motivation. Not only the vulgarity of my clarity is seen everywhere but also all the people who show and teach this are motivational.  And webinars and do everything, do everything, everyone is giving motivation. The human body has been given to you in eighty-four lakh species. It is good to live it. If you need motivation then it is over that I should not motivate anyone, if someone's life is miserable, watch the record. Explain by doing I'm putting so much address and also the audience to participate mostly need poor mindset this is also a subscriber maximum set reminder I  I am not talking too few bank balance is the new president of mind set, I have kept your face money minded, whatever is mine now such topics are coming, people have reached because ID next9news how many come, how long are they watched, which apps are quick and  He is taking advantage, he has set up FD and I was introducing my syllabus to people slowly earlier also, I told the second order but stop thinking, you cannot think in terms, it was a little complete. Gone are the boys and girls of IT age, some of them are enjoying a lot, it would have been understandable because they also go into terrorism among rich people, whereas IT is this lesson which is taught in engineering and engineering colleges, but your children.  I will tell you an example, so if you are connected with me and you like it, then just ask a lot, what can I do, okay, I will not say, run away, but the promise is zinc, isn't it, the same roots and Remove those people from your life, remove all the people who seem bad, remove them, and those who seem good or not, if they are bad for your home, remove them too. Many people will say, live for your own benefit, yes, yes, for yourself, or no, a lot.  It 's a short line, life is very short, it's okay because today something is feeling good, something is not feeling good, whatever I tell you, forget to tell it, whoever likes it, write it because there is no infection, neither is the poet doing poetry. he needs a little  June wala, don't write the things there, Pi means power punch, that is, some punch of big power, manavar like this, if you liked it, then like it is yes, you told me something that brother, you have to add for the benefit, you have to add for the benefit, and the man who is his  Can't take advantage, he ca n't even take advantage of others because I also like to meet you, you like to meet me, this is all nonsense, it is different, you are the best in life, you attract people, well the second thing is that you are always the same.  people Would you like to be associated with any person who is better than you, who is above you, can give you something, no person wants to be associated with someone below you, many people say that old age comes or he loses his job, many people feel like a pimple, I am  Don't be angry, you have to put it in context, don't you, the second benefit is that you attend my webinar so that you will become an interesting personality in your circle, you have to talk about yourself, you have to talk about good things which benefits others.  What kind of benefit do you have to take from them, what will happen, it is a journey, I cannot explain it in 15 minutes, but first of all, the interesting thing is the change so that you forget to call it in your purse. Hey friend, tell me, how do you know this thing, you are one of you.  Homeopathy doctor be among you I am this doctors can type doctor also doctor homey for doctors side d whatever doctor is there okay okay people typing after dropping typing okay coming okay doctor doctor what is it What will he talk about the whole day? Can he talk about shares? Can he talk about special funds? Can he set the minimum on merit? Will he not do anything 24 hours? If all these doctors talk about this, then you have learned these things. Similarly, you are an accountant.  Chartered Accountant friend, you are a lawyer, when you learn other things too, then tall people will consider you as a face. Even if you are sixty out of 100 in medicine, the department will talk to you intelligently.  7075 will advise your understanding and time setting is you and your work, even if you are not above a level in it, the ability which is in this tree, then doctor of fear to deep chartered accountant 65th hunter, then you are a government employee centimeter hunter don't but you are different  -Separate 2 minute things will be seriously interesting, you pay attention to it, you say here, section 2014 is ok, it's ok and we sit down.  Ask him this, how badly defeated he is, practicality of work, tell him how many things are there, solitude, this is what I want to say and click hair mask, know all these things, you will become the best person in your circle, if you enjoyed hearing this then it is okay if you did not tell me.  Now people, this code name should be delayed, the corporate king of there, smoking system has gone, it is okay that if one day your business gets closed, one day this kind of system will be available to the doctors in future, something has happened online and this is someone.  machine like this  Will it come or will any surgery happen on its own? In 10-12 years the doctor's rally will end. Many businesses which are running today, I don't want to take names for the sake of Mughals, but baby girl names and something else will work but you are never regret for.  Anything Else and Share What happened to me, it is already happening to many people, cancer is a big punishment, what are the flags and what are the things that will stop, the lump is okay So like this, to attend's destruction, to see poster Kapil Bhai Contest Doctor BM Traders in Stock Market Bhai Scandal Chartered Accountant Knows about Ayurveda, what happens by eating and what happens, so to-do, not try to limit yourself, I further  Will give you possibilities Webinar you will attend Now I will do only one or two meals in a month St. Every Sunday will not be just so I will reduce the frequency  Peeth increase of intensity ticket I will do and free voice I will have and for premium membership also I will have ok so lot of things will finish backm depressed after recording used and avinash 14 2010 hack police traffic view of so many things e