Hello friends, welcome to money plant series video number four, today our topic is to buy in the submerged sector in the top market industry, I will talk about them and I will talk about how it should be, it should not be like this, it should not be like this, I  I have seen many people in my consulting, who start getting into career, their hatred starts decreasing and they spend one or two months subscribing to the stock market. Most of the people who guide them are like those who are netting in career, their roles are the same.  models and then They start investing money, some brothers keep the business and some don't, but people don't spend so much money in this. I have special feature in these options, stock market is a very expensive place in your eyes, this is just to bring the team to office because friend.  This number has to be daily, so if any of you are joining the stock market for this reason, then this is a disease mindset on discretion, you should not do this, if you like this, I will use it a little in terms of toe, this recipe is not a guarantee, then you can buy some stocks.  beyond the market  There is a term which should remain Debt to Equity Ratio of a company Return on Capital Inflow of Return S 769 Pressure on Book Value Price to Book Value Price to Earning If you feel that do not remove it and do not subscribe then you will get a pin here automatically.  Imagine that you have become something in your life by taking a training in a profession, now what has happened in your life that after asking someone for a month or two, you can buy it from that company.  There are above WhatsApp group, go separately, stock market recommendation is given and if it is your circle then you should award in such a thing, no money is going to be spent here, you are passing the time, this diploma is of incident and celebration.  You are playing a game, which is fun in getting intoxicated, here you feel that you will be in control or you will become it, man, this cigarette is not like that, it is not such an easy game that you will do a job and also do trading.  Many people do not select smartphones in their office.  There are companies, there is not much allowance in PSUs, there is this place in the call rate and you are engaged in it the whole time, how much are you paying for that press, you guys have to do one more thing and calculate the returns and units in your life, if I have a percentage.  I am getting returns and the stress level is of one unit, so my units on returns are with the money but Maalu, you are getting 12 happy returns and in that you have seriously good units, so the return points are two, so keep it there with you. If you have a time job in the valley then please avoid these things. I see many people working in government jobs getting into all these things. It has become fashionable to talk about doing this and buying. I have earned money from such games, I earn so much from these games, I earn so much from different people in the time of folding in the last logout, it seems to me that this is not so much knowledge, this is blood and sweat.  There is nothing better than this in mutual funds, I will not touch it in this video, I will do it in the next one, I am talking about directives, so now what can we never do, what should we not do, absolutely do that.  But the mindset has already collapsed. Set a reminder for me, so you are not getting the mindset. In any planetary condition, we should study well, like the channel, there should be less yearning in your life, there should be stagnation, watching Warren Buffett and doing well in the stock market. Look at the faces of our foreign people, we need knowledge. Many people will consider it as Lakshmi's game and will come and worship only this. I would like to tell people that Lakshmi ji is never worshiped alone, Ganesh ji and Saraswati ji are also together. And there are some applications that you should know about the system and definition that you should have in this element of teams. If you don't have any bathroom in you, then you should place that element in it. It is that of some guru or minute and  Through this, it is not that you will do it on your own, all of you have to understand that the thing is that meeting of top violence is not geography, social science, history, book itself, holy, funny, understanding, league, in front of the camera, it is more complex in physics and chemistry, so much so.  It is not easy, it is not about riding a bicycle, riding a scooter, a bicycle or a scooter, someone got it and went away, think of it, it is equivalent to boarding a plane, where as the pilot brings it, the pilot brings it.  Acid does not go into a plane and runs it. First of all, it studies, it gets tested, it gets medical, then it gets a license, it gets permission to fly a plane, and then its training starts. Then, if it is not available in the military, then it gets military.  Do training, friends, you can try many platforms, but trading is important in any situation, do only investing, do it little by little. Even if I can't explain the entire method in one video, I will only discuss the mental ones, so this is my biggest request.  Whoever is watching this video, to pass the time, to fill the emotional void and to impress someone or to come under someone's influence, that brother, these tracks are very good, I have bought them, someone will be born with their good wishes.  Picture Share Crackers If any of your colleagues are doing very well that in the previous job your pocket is in the job, there are different places there if people are doing well then they are doing grinding mill, we come to the root of the job through  Meet so much money in the stock market. Look, in the stock market, the person who will earn money or earn good money, who knows what work has to be done, will not remain silent through it, he will sit peacefully and do his work, he will do the same work as I did.  In the previous video, I agree that send this video of mine and you are watching this video of mine. You will see in my previous video that Netflix did this series on the basis of someone's web series and Amazon started carrying it and if you watch it from the beginning, then I will link to it. You are trending in this one  I taught you how to catch it if it has trended a little but I would say that it is very expensive to make money in the stock market. Playlist Discover new you are this first to discover what you yourself are, only then come to the stock market. I am not there to start anyone's mode and it is a good place to invest. Like it should be through comment. Like approach should be there. Saraswati ji and Ganesh ji are also requested. This is the only way to earn Lakshmi.  If you run after Goddess Lakshmi, Goddess Lakshmi will be happy that you will get it and then you will tell someone that I got it from Rs. 50,000 to Rs. 1 lakh or Rs. 5 lakh. In real estate, the whole world will come to know what you had done. You are stuck.  You won't even realize that there is a lot of stress here, I have touched upon the units press on return, please watch it again or end if this video is ok, then you like it, then your like minded people are laughing like this.  Telling you to come, let's do it, let's show them too. If there is any person who can understand whether you have reached the stage where you can invest or not, then if you have any doubt about this and want to wait for you, then contact me on WhatsApp.  You can comment from I will explain it a little further and tell you what you want. I will tell you what I think is the best way to get skin in 5 minutes. Subscribe. If anyone knows, please talk to me for 5 minutes. I will tell you one more thing.  I wanted to tell that if anyone has basic questions from me regarding how to do it, how to take income tax rebate, hence it can be done on the phone in 5 to 6 minutes, please subscribe on WhatsApp so that you don't have to go anywhere else.  There is no need, well, quantum office is so much, how to get income tax rebate, what is the procedure in it, many people have such doubts, income tax return, home loan, what should be the interest rate on home loan, subscribe. Like it, I will make some videos on this type of thing in the future, but if my subscribers who are still interested are very basic like this, then please ask me on WhatsApp, I have given my WhatsApp in the description and in my comment section.  I will leave the number. Yes, it is possible that I take some time to answer. Answer immediately, no solution, but definitely Allah's answer. This is the complete answer. You can also ask me this thing in the comment section. Thank you