Hello friends, this is a very important topic and video. How much you will forward it, how many people it will reach will depend on that, a demand will be put in it, whether it will be a meeting for government officials or not. Details regarding affordable housing.  A few days ago, I had made a video about the rain, you devotees had seen it, on that I had requested that a committee should be formed to fill the water in Gurgaon, whether it is filling or not.  What is happening is that the government has today issued a statement through the Home Minister on this. The Home Minister himself had come to NCC Gurgaon. Ad That video is also playing. You people can see what he did in it. So, I want to tell you how important Gurgaon is.  This is what I am doing for the government: Someone has come after watching my video, I am not thanking you like that, but the demand that I am making today is that I would like you to take it as far as you can, but you should listen carefully.  Affordable Housing in Gurgaon, MRP is 106 inimitable, I have arrived, very good project, allocation is good, there is no need for a loan, there is no need to discuss on whether it has priority 3 or 4 phones, priority is for lowest price. She will also insist that you take the barrack when you are in priority for because if you have more than that then it will be drawn in priority for if you own property in Haryana then in Delhi.  If you keep it and keep it in Chandigarh then you are guaranteed Kapoor because when the government made this porn so hot years ago and it has been revised again and again, at that time did anyone think that it would become such an investment, it was made that no one  Lower middle class is the mark of ninth class, he should get a house, Gaurav, I never thought that people from Tamil Nadu, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Bengal and Maharashtra can apply. Such good investment place is written in the policy, so he thought that  At the time, eight years ago, when we bought Delhi's house and Haryana's house of Chandigarh, we did not want the person or the property to take it, then Bhavna was not wrong, but now it has emerged like a marital affair. Why should tickets be distributed to a person from Haryana if he has property and it will be transferred to another state which is not covered in these three things? So I want to know whether we can change it or can we make it an affair.  that either everyone  Whoever owns property anywhere in India should be exposed and that definition should be there and that definition should not be made for some reason because the government wants people from outside to come and get a hold of it. Then remove this cross for the people of Haryana, Delhi and Chandigarh.  If you want, what do you think of this thing, what do you want, comment section live and views, this is how we know, democracy is power in numbers, I am making this by taking courage from your big brains, no one will be affected by this.  It is not a condemnation, it is a career, it can be rectified by the government, by bringing out this amendment, the shot bay will be reduced to give, as I told you earlier, it was not such a lucrative thing eight years ago, but now today, on the bed on which it is coming, it can happen.  We can hear that this device can go above Rs 4000, I do n't know, this is my speculation, we will see till the news comes, but this thing is not looking good to me at all, you guys.  What do you think, tell me that if a person from Haryana owns a property then his practice is another and a person from outside who does it in his state is a private person, so either he should also be made a practice owner, then those who live there should do it like an old butterfly. Which is the wish of the government, it is the wish of the government to call them also and leave the whole world, they just have property somewhere and make the people of Neech and Haryana the sub-capital. You have to share this video. Maximum, what is different from these people? Who  Who are some of the people who have not filled the money? They are getting a call from the department. There are three people's names, they have to call. They cooperate with the departments and what is the way to correct it. They withdraw the money and it does not come back.  After revising the application, making corrections in it and applying again, Jaitaran can generate the number for his children, so do not put any tension in it. If you are getting a call from the department, then please corporate.  If you have some shortcomings, you will praise them, then there will be problems in future, but this thing that I have told you, now it is a topic of discussion among all the people, send this video, the government stops, the logic goes and till this happens, it is  You always get value, you stop saying that this is fine, so it doesn't work like this. Do you want the government to fix this thing before our arrival because there will be many people who will be from other provinces, they used to live in ours and then they will come to ours.  there will be a greater chance of  And your plot of 350 500 yards is unlimited, if you go for practice for a small place, then you will find that if someone is not making videos in affordable price, then he is not talking, then I am making them. Do you want to save the world only by forwarding the school or someone else?  It was left to the news channel which does all these things that the issue is not a big one, it can be drowned in 2 minutes, the end is also logical in 2 minutes, so you should save the puck to the maximum people, I am in my videos.  But you know that Mexico is at war, but the content of this video is such that unless it asks for maximum space, it will not have any effect. Thank you love you.