Hello friends, this Diwali let's clean this thing also, cleaning is going on in the houses, it is almost going to be done, you people may have done a lot of work or some people may be doing it, so this is a cleaning of those people from your life which I am telling you.  I will tell you about their trades because it is Diwali so there is some cleaning when other things are going on, it is necessary to clean up the toxic people, those people who do not add any value to your life, who take away the energy from your life. Very shy, shy people.  children who  When people are at level 20, 25, 30, 35, it is difficult for them, it keeps them from being cut off. When age increases, courage increases because you realize that time is less, it is okay, time is less for everyone, time is limited for everyone.  If you are 20 years old then you can't do it because you have a lot of time because you have done very little. A 40 year old person can have a lot of time because perhaps he has achieved something by doing very little, so if you find such people  What are some of the trades of those who are toxic in their life, whenever you meet them and they go or you meet them and go you don't completely nice these people will never make you completely nice because in such trades I tell people there are many templates.  It happens that many times people will say that I was saying this for your good, these are bitter words and by doing this they get away but you have to remember that there are lots of people. In your life people and you should never leave them in terms of don't talk to them or go and they also speak harsh words but your body and mind and so let's you full good if man lo like me very much in consultation with you  If I talk harshly to this relative, this friend, this office or anyone, he is turning me into a punching bag or if he is a genuine person, then the body itself should tell you much more than these things, whoever speaks to you.  Isn't this what is good about you, this is good, but what he says is true only after but, whatever he has said before that has no meaning, it is his actual opinion, but that is why he said it before but is good.  Because this has been taught in marketing and all these things from British books. If I want to say a bitter thing to someone then I should say a good thing about him first so that he doesn't feel like this, it doesn't happen that these are the butt people and those who spoil you completely, then that's it. Thing  You have to focus on only one thing that you should be full, that is a very big sub conscious mind, your child is not a small one, he is absolutely honest, you too can get spoiled during my period time, so that thing is absolute purity, no matter how much hitachi you have.  Ho if tha person make you full right you have to tell de person and then avoid de person and vansh you start doing it you will relisem magic happiness is my chotu sa diwali gift for  D Subscribe Just If You Follow This In This But No If But Only Friend But It Is Very Clear And You Have To Give Just Five Minutes And Thinking Yaar Ho Did This Gay And Girl And Boy And Man And Woman And Relative Made You Full And Right  If you want to be the head even in 'It Down' then give him three like Amitabh Bachchan and give lifeline not every time 123 then you see that pattern and people forget it.  Let's go, here is our limitation, it gets erased like the disappearing message of WhatsApp, it is 7 days or 28 days, like when it comes, it gets deciphered but write it down somewhere that this interaction is very negative, again negative three negative, tear out its page. And give only when you remove all these garbage people like Diwali, only then will there be space left for good things. You have taken away all such people who have become heavy in your life and then they  There is no time for those who can take you here in life, you have no energy, no peace, no mental space because you have caught it somehow, remember it okay, I hope you guys will understand the message, thank you.