Hello friends, being aware of this project in Gurgaon real estate which I am going to tell is okay because it is very strange, it means the name itself is a strange project and mostly I am telling about this product, otherwise it is of many builders and many people. What to say about laughing at this again and again and questions are being asked to me, I cannot answer a single person, I just want to say one thing, please Google the top 10 governments. Nine and a half crore 80 thousand crore subscribers, if you are going to such a project for them and register this different certificate, friend, understand the difference between the two things, have I applied for my job or have I got an appointment letter for my job?  There is a lot of difference, okay this thing means I applied to prepare for the competition and I got the job, there is a lot of difference between the two, the difference is in English, here it is not available with these builders, then you  You will get trapped and then the government will also cry, how many times will you go and hold the hand of everyone and ask the government to do it, the government has clearly said, ' Maze Maurya certificate do not pilot stuff', despite that, people keep asking.  For me, this is the basic thing, I definitely don't understand why people ask, just Vikas rate seems cheap, you can buy it from this.  It can also be seen that in this bullish market, wherever the rate seems cheap, if it seems to be very cheap, then the hands are wrong, it did not mean that the rate is too high, it would be very good, it does not make any sense, but such bullishness  If you find something in the market of such an unbelievable type, then there is a reason behind it - Leaves Mohammad Hussain, you don't speak, tell me the list, tell me this, my job is not to tell you the list, my job is to tell you where to see, even after telling you my list, people You will take it, do some homework yourself, work hard yourself, please Google which are the other builders who have mentioned so much, do not buy their projects and do not buy those which do not have Rasa certificate, if it has RERA certificate then it means that it is discovered, the government has to do with it.  The charges that have to be paid are taxes, we have to pay the charges, during this time there is not even a single percent of listening to the service, so please do not go to Vinara's projects, mother, there is nothing like this.  The documents will come to them. Yes, after arrival, the rates will increase. It is okay, the rates of stay will increase. Why, if the rates will increase after demolition, then why sell it cheaply, brother? Wait the Rakhi and send it at an expensive price, what are you doing cheaply? This question is more compulsion of yours, I ask this simple question, someone asked this, I have 200 plots and I am saying that after my return and I am now on the screen, this is mine, so I do not need to subscribe, to think about it. Subscribe, like and subscribe, it will be kept and disgusting again in the village. If you fix it, you will take security, you will put some money in the water, then tell you clearly, many people were in a hurry and kept it, then Lakshmi ji comes and takes care of you, you are not able to control yourself. Passing the parcel pattern, he is going, the money is fine and I think he could have made it to be given because many people would have been waiting for him from above the catchment.  If it falls and puts it in my hand like this, then these people are the whole system, till the trick is just simple, I told you the logic, without RERA, it means Vivo's biryani, then it means and Buddhist, which are builders, that you will get it publicly, Google.  By doing this you will get the Haryana Gurgaon list of builders that have been reduced to the government. By doing this, you will find many love letters written in it in giving the license that what money will be taken from giving the license on Thursday.  By the way, there is no system for taking money and then giving it back for yourself, so you guys had to do it, I hope you guys would have liked it. Share it and subscribe to the channel. If you like this kind of video, please like it.