Hello friends, this is going to be a deeply interesting topic, do North Indians show off or write a lot in the comment section also, I will not tell North India vs South India which is good or bad, our country belongs to all and our entire country should progress, that is the feeling.  If this video is made then I told it in the beginning that very few people are in touch these days and we will discuss about it, why is its truth, what should happen, what is the situation, how can it happen, what was the reason for it and what can happen to it now. If you are not a North Indian, you are a South Indian, or from anywhere in East India, you should still watch the video because you people make this observation. North Indians themselves do not write all the things in most of the comments like because I am middle class.  I have made a class video which is becoming quite popular and has a lot of comments. I read all of them with thousands of comments. They are making this or that video of mine more of a North Indian phenomenon and are commenting with judgment on it. Okay, so am I defending the North Indians through this video? No, am I trying to badmouth someone else? No, am I trying to tell the observation that it is wrong and that too? So if that  If it is not then it means it is bad. It will become a little deeper. Listen carefully and comfortably. It is generally said that they are big hoofs. I am also from the North Indian community. I am in Punjab. These are the people of Haryana. I am from the North.  to indian  I brush all the special places and the bare places, we grab the area for geography instead because it also has Indian address. Okay, so you have to see, is this true? So is this true? Should it be so much?  These days it should not be so much but this is the why because when we look at the why of something then perhaps we will try to improve it. Why is this phenomenon not in the South? If you go down from Godavari then why does it not look different though his movies.  I also see you these days  They do all this like this, but in real life, it is not as much as in North India, here even North Indians will agree, all my North Indian brothers will agree, brother, I said, friend, all the attacks that took place were from the North only. Akram comes and says that he has to endure a lot, it is okay, dropsy is his survival mechanism, his daughter-in-law takes away his life, you are cut, you are killed, if you calculate the average of your life expectancy, then even 16 years will not pass, there is a lot of romance. Look at the battles that took place here from the time of Mahabharata. Look at the battle of Kurukshetra from the time of Mahabharata. Pattern Lock Panipat First Second Battle Panipat Third Battle Panipat India The battles that have taken place in Pakistan also, meaning abroad, where have they taken place even after independence, meaning Tamil Nadu.  And if it hasn't happened here, then the trauma has been seen here. People here have seen it for thousands of years. They have seen this for many years. So, they have become a mechanism to make the districts smile, organize gatherings, have a feeling.  If it is psychology, then there is the reason why it gets so battered, everything goes into the conscious, it is the safety of your daily routine, it is the safety of your marriage, it is the safety of children, it is the safety of food and drink, it is the safety of your health, then man goes towards deep knowledge.  It goes towards things only then I say that when all these things go towards knowledge only after securing food, clothing and houses, then those who have historically been safe in India, have the knowledge of ISRO.  If you look at scientists, you will find them from South India. If you take 100, you will find 80 from there. But brother, where is the testosterone high? Who is bringing the gold medal in the Olympics? I am not dividing the country here, I am not looking down on anyone, I am telling who  The way it is and why it is and we have to celebrate, we have to celebrate the scientist too and we have to celebrate the soldier who is ready to take the bullet. And there find out the ratio as to where and how much belongs to whom. I don't mean that North Indians do not have intelligence and there is no intelligent thing from here. I do n't mean that I am holding North and South more, otherwise it means  Understand it is okay, I am not at all interested in the fact that there is no courage to have a brewery in South India and because what will the people there do now, they will start giving examples, it has got so many permit rounds, it has not got one, I am not dividing by putting it in these rounds. no stress  Like the video, it is giving the stress that is coming to it, relax, I am trying to tell you one thing, just try to tell the thing, understand it and we have to balance everything, that also includes things and in the South, I do not think of balancing too much.  There is a need for this, I am telling the North Indians only that brothers, you should do a little because always being loud about external things is not much in today's economic system, you go to South India, there is a lot of gold on them in marriage ceremonies. wedding expenses  It is simple in our North India, if you see, now this is also a wrong word from North India, it is our India, everything is fine, I am not trying to be diplomatic, but please understand, you understand the feeling, never get married, car, clothes, at home, North Indian, a lot of money is wasted.  We do this because we have to show someone ultimatli that feeling from within, the rest is hidden somewhere, even if we have a lot of money, we will keep this house normal, okay then you have to release the North Indian that comes out of your fair partition. Everything was left behind, there was a lot of drama there, many people came from Pakistan to India from all the partitions, which community was there, who settled in Delhi, who came to Punjab, Haryana, who came to Haryana, there was a South Indian drama, it was of that generation, it was their new generation, they lived their life. He celebrated life while celebrating it, because it was the end and it was said that survival is the instinct, brother, there is passion, you know, he is talking about community. I am there but that is not there, I have to control it too, there was 47 partitions, there was a lot of pain, I was affected by it, I ate well, worked very hard, wore very well, came at a lot of discount, people of this level came there. They reached this level here and then after working hard, two generations passed by and then they reached here and they used this survival mechanism in their life, those grandfathers taught them and people allowed their children to become proud.  We were born also something like this but it seems to me now that it has been 75 years in today's time, we have overcome friend. Note by Times Nine. Cricket is very popular. Let me tell you with its example that it is a 50 overs match or 50 overs.  If I was now 24 in 10 overs, now I am 124 or 5 in 20 overs, now I have to play 30 more. It is not sustainable.  If I had remained like that then maybe we would have been 33 for all out, okay, brother, we had to show emotion there, we had to remove him from being a bowler and him from a mall, and the butts that were breaking with the face, they have become broken with the face, now in 75 years we have to remove it.  It is not sustainable at the rate at which we break the cycles. It is becoming counter productive because no tree grows forever because otherwise everything would touch the sky. Trees grow, neither do humans.  It also grows but it does not do so at one stage. After that, instead of physical growth, it then moves on to mental growth. The child first grows to 1 foot, then becomes two feet, three feet, four feet, five feet, and then stops at six feet. So all these communities in our North End should think that we have to be a little practical, we have to be practical and we also need to learn something from the rest of the people of our country because this thing seems very out of place for you now, that is.  did not Friend, what is this, friend, how, because now I am telling about those marriages in a practical way and I live in that also, they are afraid, friend, if South Indians get married in North India, especially, they think, friend, what is this, friend, how will it be done, okay, then learn a little.  I am fine with them, I am from the South, I am not talking to them, I am not telling them that it means everyone should be like that or all are great among them and not great here, okay brother, here too, I am understanding you, right? Want this and when here  There is no need for this and there is a need for this, there are a lot of them in North India, it is okay and every friend is important, Airtel, in the country too, every kind of person is important, okay because all are less and even by rocket, one cannot go anywhere.  One has to reach there because if the physical person is coming then he will not stop the machine and CCTV nor is he required to stop him. If such a person is okay then every person is important. Okay then the request is that the country should understand each other. Okay, one side in the country.  people to understand the other side Try to understand why it is like this, there must be some historical reason or not why it is like this, just by doing it you have made them do something, if you feel good about yourself, like I have been to South India, Gujarat a lot and this is because I have been to those places a lot.  I know, so don't take it, don't make it, tell me like this, give me the knowledge, friend, I will listen to you, I am your brother, I will listen to you brother, things work like this too, it is okay, marriages where there is not much expenditure, they also last for many years and in marriage  and the house which  They are practical and good in that without spending a lot of money we can buy multiple houses at the same place and then there are no children there and then you just remain alone and there is no house for the children, the children are living on rent. Built a house in Rohtak, 1000 yards is fine in Model Town or gave 500 gajjus in the sector, you give Buddha intellect to those living on four floors, those who are not just children, pay 35000 rent in Gurgaon.  You have shown off, Bhai Saheb's crores of crores, you have called at the right time 1522 Look at the door, look at the door of 2.5 lakhs, this is a disease, this is just tell it why it is there and we have to reduce it over because.  That one was psychological here, look at this belt, there has been a lot of bloodshed in all these belts, there have been a lot of battles here, I am sorry, I have seen a lot of blood, Kurukshetra, since the time of Mahabharata, this land has seen North India.  This is the land, you have seen all the battles, Kana Kannauj battle, as much as you want or just Delhi, I have seen so much blood in the walls of someone's children, I have done anything mean to her, I have seen a lot of political uncertainty in her, enjoy that dialogue in your stomach, brother.  I don't know anything about anyone, it is running in our DNA here, someone should come and fold hands like me, with love and sincerity, this is brother, I too should say the same, if I drink a little water from somewhere else, then I will understand a little.  Hey there friend, this is a little, it's okay, do it all, there is no need to do a little, there is no need for tension, then who will go to get hurt, then no one cares, okay, so a little balance is needed, a little balance is needed.  It is not right to live in extremes, maintain a little balance, reduce expenses, hold on to whatever courage you have and don't know what is going on, the date is a big message, okay, if you enjoyed it then write MSG, friend, people of the North, okay. And the rest is my request, love the people of South West and East, it is okay, there is no need to divide and say this everywhere, there is no need to do verses everywhere, I had also made a video of Noida and Gurgaon. Noida and Gurgaon, I don't do much about writing verses, I mean verses, then you have done verses, if there is not much in your country, then marriages are happening, rishtedarians are happening, understand, enjoy each other. What is the thing in enjoy? There should be happiness in life. If you understand each other, then you will start enjoying and you will become independent from your daughters. If you have ever liked someone's full story, if you have not subscribed then subscribe the channel and comment.  Please write, thank you very much