Hello friends, if you do what I am going to tell you in this video today in 30 days, then your life will become very good in the next 30 days, now what more can I tell you, try it, there is no expense or much, in this I have  Well, especially the rich people will see little wealth in this. People will think that the rich person is talking but it is not so. You implement this thing which I am going to tell you. If you already do it then write it and if you don't do it then feel ashamed. need of  Don't start doing this, it is very simple, you use the towel after bathing, you have to use a fresh towel every day, I have observed many people getting their towel wet and drying it, whatever happens in Vaastu and all these things.  And when I do consultation, I carry a fresh towel like you give in hotels etc., although I do not consider theirs as fresh, I carry my own towel but I give you my own fresh towel.  You have to use a towel and do not use it again. You should keep your mouth wipe separately, which should be used two-four times a day if you have to wash your face or wipe your hands and the towel which is big enough for the body, please use it only once for this.  If you don't have a lot of money then you can keep a minimum of three towels and if you don't have it then you can keep four, five or six towels. In winter, towels dry in three days. It takes so much time to wash, it would be fine in two days.  If you have one, you can easily do the job with three or four towels. There is no need to keep 40 such things, but this is a very basic thing, a hygiene thing, a natural thing, but people do not do it. Poverty is very high, there are no clothes to wear, no food to eat.  It's off course, it's not my audience, I just define it myself, so let's understand the point, I come from a good family, are roaming around with a car worth Rs 5 lakh, but the towel is not changed daily. twittersignin.com I have already told you that the towel does not look that much, the towel can be changed, you brothers and sisters, will you do it or not? Tell me, did you enjoy this video? This is a very basic thing, why do you tell such things but don't do it?  90 But people don't do it, they run for two days at least and many of the brothers are strong and I will not even talk about the boys' bachelors and those who are sitting with one tower each, maybe not even two, then a lot.  It is important that along with your hygiene, your soul will also be fine. I am telling you that the soul inside will also be fine. If you believe something, you are carrying something other than the body inside, that too will be fine. I am telling you that its fun is different. Dry, new, fresh.  The towel is fine and there is no use of taking a bath. If you have the same towel from the previous day, you do n't know. Yes, you have eaten and rubbed it on your face. Then rub it again on your face. What thing did you eat? I will not go into too much detail for the sake of distracting you.  For this, a hint is enough for the intelligent ones, some of you are geniuses, my subscribers are enough, write in the comment section how did you like this video, please spread this awareness, I know this is a very basic thing and there will be half of them.  There will be those who do it in four days, what is there to say, we do it, and what is the meaning and what is to be done again and again, no one will tell this, if it happens every day, then global warming will increase, so it is okay.  to speak  There will be 10,000 people giving reasons for saying no, water will be wasted, this will happen, then why are you growing so much sugarcane, there is so much concern about water in Haryana, Punjab and why are you growing so much rice in a place where rice does not grow, no one knows them.  Bolta Sara and do you know how much water is put in 1 kg of rice and it is grown in places where it is not eaten and should not be eaten and from that we export it, even in our country we do not eat 50 kg ₹1 50  If KG Rice had been sent out, how much water would they have? If they did not do so, then I had already told them a little bit about geography, history and all this social science, to those who would try to counter it, that do not ask about water, clean towels.  Use it, it will give you a lot of confidence. Okay, and I did not ask for it, but I will still tell you that the innerwear, underwear and underwear that you wear should not be torn, otherwise. Your luck will remain torn because you say no, no one will know, you know that you are wearing a good paniya, you have accepted it, you have accepted the matter, no one will know, okay, many situations happen like this many times.  That it gets exposed is fine, like Hrithik Roshan, like Salman Khan, but let's believe it or not, sometimes in making such videos, I feel scared that people talk so openly, but don't wear it.  and See for yourself, the day you come wearing a fresh, nice new vest and underpants, on that day the confidence from within also becomes different. When you come, please tell me at least these loose socks, loose underpants, loose vest, old torn almost.  Please don't wear this torn t-shirt and fix these things which no one knows about, then other things will also start getting fixed on their own in life. Try it and tell the day 30  You will have to do it for 30 days and then come to the comment section and tell me what difference has anyone made till date, no one has made such a video that friend, you make a kachche vest and towel do it and see how it makes a difference in your life like this. Youth is roaming around, I don't know this, there is no clarity here, do motivation, do this, Kachcha Baniya and Tower, thank you very much.