Hello friends, today I bought a commercial for a month in Gurgaon Sector 65 Bharti-Walmart, I bought it in ten seconds, so you people can see the title and will mark it after seeing it, hey man, you are anti commission, you have bought a commercial, what are you saying?  If anything, it is going to be a very good video, how to buy the commercial, the commercial is bad, it is useless, how to buy, it is going to be very interesting, it will not be very long to complete, watch it, like it, share it. Buying the commercial is one-sided, I am going to tell you, Do Not for a Dove, Everybody wants you to buy Boy Died Today and after watching it, you will enjoy it, subscribe to it, see this news which I saw a day ago, Sunil Mittal to Bharti Enterprises Sales for  Commercial ad to brick field in Rs 500 crore deal, so this is a big news in which cent stake on footpath is from Bharti Enterprises.  Brookfield has bought it, our Sunil Bharti Mittal ji, two have entered a joint venture agreement with reduced from Brookfield Asset Management at enterprise value of Rs 500 crore to run for Indian prime commercial properties a part of the joint venture group Feel Pvt Ltd. Purchase in Phal St Stake From Bharti Enterprises Which Will On Sidewalk  Continue with 39% Economic Interests Now, what are these properties, they are mentioned below, as I read, I will tell you that the Indian reality will manage the remaining square feet of Delhi Aerocity in whatever time it gets, but its director Harjeet Kaur has said that this  This deal is very good growth offer will take ladies forward Total for commercial properties in New Delhi Ludhiana Delhi Part of this AGREEMENT GROUP D REAL ESTATE OPERATING UNIT PROFILE PROPERTIES WILL MANAGE PROPERTIES GOING FORWARD THEY WILL MANAGE A VERY BIG THING THE PROPERTIES OF KANERIA AND IS 3.3 MILLION 33 LAKH SQUARE FEET, IS YOUR INDIAN WORLD VAKYA CITY AND IT HAS GURGAON'S WORLD MARKS 65.  Center Abhiyaan Mall is in it, it is below the company, if you see, it is on the left, inside World Mark 65th, which is Mixed Land Use South.  In Gurgaon, there we can take indirect mistake like this, how did I list one, what did he do, you will light it for 10-15 seconds, I will tell him how I bought group field, cracked heels, million square feet commercial, S8 manages this, I am my demat or my This is the photo, I backed it up and entered the code Group Field Real Estate Trust in it. You can see then I bought its units, how many units did I buy? 200 units. 1  How much was the minute in the morning, it was ₹ 320, so I bought it from the market, I have bought it before too, but today I bought jiomusic, only after that press the profit button, I bought an order worth 64 thousand rupees within ten seconds, the order status has been placed. Now let us go and check that if our order was placed on the off market, it would have been done on 1st June 2016, but to show you people, now see this on the screen, see the time of 11th April, what was the price of the buy order. You must be looking so excited about this cream, so this is how very easily the user can buy commercial real estate. You have seen the clip that this is the way to get the benefits of real estate investment trust. You can buy any number of them. I am not registered in the stock market so I am not saying that you should take it, this is a product that unites, it is time to tell the subscribers about this porn video broken loot true products exist in the market and how they  Can be better, we will put real  You can put it, monitor them, these people buy real ads and the condition is that they cannot buy under construction, so there is no risk in it, they do such big dances in big places.  They work together and manage the property themselves and the inside line value of the property is related to its price and on top of that they give annual dividends like rent, now you research and check in the previous quarter.  5 cents were given, they gave it like this, how many cups have they given, how many have come, how they have given, you will also have to work a little, but you have to see that you have taken 5,000 square feet at one place.  If you took 4000 rupees for 40 square feet, it would have reached 20 crore rupees. It would be good, it would be bad, but you would have laid all the eggs, the real estate is as good as it is, it is mark real estate, it is of big players, like all this, all this is anyway through cheque.  The matter is being run here, if the matter is being run through cheque, then you can take ownership through demat also, what is the benefit, no, they have a lot of money invested in different commercial real estates in big cities of India. So you will see that if I apply ₹ 500 on my lips, it looks like ₹ 50,000. If I apply it in the morning also, I have kept it in different places, how much my money has got diversified, first of all, how much risk factor of 'A' have I deleted and which.  They have the knowledge of where to buy at what rate, they have the negotiating power, they have the bank power, it cannot be of normal retail, so go to the registry in the tehsil.  Along with the commercial, GST at eight percent will also be done on the Euro Cup 2012 or whatever sales cost will be incurred in between. These people clear all this, so through them, when we call the commercial ad, we get  A thing worth ₹ 100 is easily available, you can get it for ₹ 70, on top of that, we don't have anything to do with it, we do n't have any risk factor, the best thing I thought was that you can buy it worth a crore, let's go or take it higher. Take it for Tonk Road for 50 lakhs, after that if you need money in life, then will you take some of your parts of defeat? You have kept it in a thing of 1000 square feet by 2000 feet, friend, will you lose 50 lakhs of money to me?  Need ₹ 1000000, you can take it soft by doing this, you a and suppose someone is running away after leaving tanning, then you are keeping him again, then you will grow someone else and then the dealer is catching him.  Then who will keep it and put it up? That effect did not happen. On top of that, there is something obscene about the under construction. The builder will not take any interest in this thing. You are not gambling, you don't know what will happen. Is it okay that the one who roams around like a crow is not in it?  There comes a piece, you are not playing that game, you know that brother, he is a marking player, he manages himself, finds him and if you look at the records, he has a share price, monitor it, it is his and you get a chance if the market is in the market.  If correction comes, you will get to see it if it is coming down and you can share. If you have subscribed for Rs. 40 thousand per square feet, then you will not get a chance to take it again for Rs. 3512 because if you have already taken then it will cost you Rs. 20 crores.  So, if you want to invest 20 crores late, invest it after washing, or invest 20 lakhs, then you invest slowly, and after serial status, you invest after doing research, then this is the only time to play. Took the shop of commercial real estate society, Took the shop of affordable society, Took 30 lakh rupees, What is the winter where you have to put 30 lakh rupees, See how easily you can get it, Can you ever leave, Have you understood? According to me, Commercial pocket.  Do well in and that physical retail investor cannot and winter is the network of your portfolio come five subscribe knowledge a higher risk tolerance you can now put in it in this way again educational  I am speaking in a voice, it does not give a special device, you can digest it but you can subscribe in the comment section and you will write whether it is actually better than taking a portion of a product on one floor in one location in one sector of one city or No, it is better than that or not, it is up to you to tell because here I am in nine cities among the top cities of India because whatever story comes out of that city, that too you will not develop further for the next 30 years. Which are the top cities of India? No cities have different types of products at different good locations, this is the only thing, in this you fools are managing 15 crore square feet and to buy things, you have spread 15 crore square feet chop.  In India, you have to buy stake in it, just like if you buy gold, if you buy gold ETF, then you do not have to worry about security or purity, and on top of that, it is the underlying.  If an asset is kept and the underlying asset increases then the value increases. Similarly, if they are taken by commercial people and they do joint ventures like this and take bulk deals, then they buy their money at a lower rate.  Which a retail will get and when it gets converted into rental yield which gives dividends and ultimately you get the things in dividend yield, in that you get benefit and second benefit.  The rent you will get is completely taxable and the dividend you will get here along with ten percent will also be given to you more efficient in text on the road. Okay and your overhead cost is nothing whether you send it or are you giving it to the registry because all this is done only by him.  Who will give * vote * Readymade only and what is theirs? If the share holding of the company changes, then the system with physical tehsildar is not there, there is also a system to go and take photographs like this, then you are very  Will research well. Shop's items cost Rs 7075. They know which one to buy. They know how to operate it. They know how to type with it. They know it and the big players type directly with them only. No one will come near you. Brother, that one on the floor of yours, that one on the floor, give us the ₹ 2000 routine, Edison Hoti, in the commercial, he hands over the big one, in the big one, someone took three and a half lakhs from the quit, and took four lakhs for the last one.  The rest is being done by your builder and he would rather bring you big customers, do his work, has long-term leaves, belongs to multi-national companies, belongs to fortune fund companies, is top key and goes there, he has the stickiness, he gets fitness tips. Which dentist in essence could not have in a normal retail, so the moral of the story and summary is that avoid all the commercials, go direct anywhere, this is such a good product in foreign countries.  It is a very super hit. Awareness is gradually increasing in India. This video was only to increase awareness. Did I find the awareness increased? If how many levels did you like? Please share it in the comment section. I will elaborate further and tell you more because this brother.  We will meet the warehouse tomorrow, Birha, its sorry, it will plant very well, where would you buy it, Rocky, if you have 24 10 crores, buy the warehouse, there is no change in land use, there is no further problem.  This is not the case of people, this is a different investment, SEBI monitored, government monitored, you have to disclose, all the accounts are there and the whole program is dutiable, the whole program is good, so what will you buy, you have set up a commercial shop and sat on the website. Hello brother.  Tomorrow Computer Your Semen His Story Play Store India Commercial Very Main Ka Hai I Want To Tell The Audience At Mic Speed ​​Unlike Any Other People Is This Free State  Wise Embroidery States From Agricultural Land From Plants Colony Colony Builder Floor Deendayal Subscribe If you have skill then the product which is best today is bicycle, subscribe telegram, I will put it in that group, read it carefully, very good article on that group.  If I am going to subscribe, it would be great if I subscribe to this Telegram group. Let's continue on the journey of awareness.  Understand Real Estate Like No One Will Called and told something, ' Available, my name is not mine.' Technical videos will keep coming, exactly how am I doing, what am I doing, disclosures will keep happening, platinum members are getting to know about other things, but I am also increasing the level of normal subscribers, now I am doing more disability hours, please share this video.  WITH MAXIMUM PEOPLE S U SING RETENTION FORWARD LEAVES SUBSCRIBE THE CHANNEL AND VIDEO IF YOU LIKE IT IF IT GETS 200 LIKES I LIKE THIS  I will upload more videos and tell you what other products are available which you may not be aware of because no matter how much is told on WhatsApp and Vada, your slab does not dry up. You do n't even know the total syllabus. You don't even know the syllabus of the big players. Not only that we can take stake in the product even in the syllabus of big players and can ride this way which is going to start but their way of buying will be different and whatever I have given with logic if you want  If all the logic seems correct then please take it on the right side. One wrong logic and they want true more videos then Commander Channel thank you very much.