Hello friends, do you want to be YouTube because do you want to come here from there, Aisi Aaj Aaj Shamiyaan Bheem Jaega A is their song, you want to come, you want to learn, you can be anyone, you can be a housewife, you can be a doctor. You may be a professional, you may be young, you may be a student, you may be old, you may be a teacher, you may be a lady, you may be a man, you may be anything, you will get to learn, we are conducting a workshop.  I am conducting a workshop on Saturday, 13th at 11:00 a.m. Tu one pm, so if you are watching this before 10 am, then you can connect with me and join the live workshop which is in this video.  Will see after that then you will have to take that recording at the top of the comment area IF YOU SING IT AFTER 13TH OFF SATURDAY 12:00 PM AT 11:00 AM  After this, if you are watching, okay then it will be very interesting, it will last for 2 hours, why should you become one, how can you become one, below, how you have to select yourself, how to do monetization, how to put content, how to have conviction, how to have confidence, how to have clarity, you are a How will you become an interesting person? How will you get the benefits? How will you choose the topic? Are you started? What is the system of generating subscriber views? How does the algorithm reduce YouTube?  And all these are time pass type, content or meaning actually it seems as if someone comes and is saying that this is a time pass, what is the money in it, how much money is there because the most important thing is how much money and time and effort is there because in some way  I don't understand, I don't tell, okay, there is only one workshop after that, nothing else, you will understand everything in this, so if you want you register on D workshop hot, what you need you do is WhatsApp WhatsApp, how you have to register.  The details to join will be given to you. My suggestion is that it is these days are very interesting times. Okay and yes if you have this think and maybe there is a baby in your family you are not interested in your kid and your wife and  I am a housewife, I am welcoming everyone, she is always crying for the opportunity, what should we do, how to earn money, it is a lot of work, housewife, it is okay, there is a lot of work, you can work, okay  So how will we do, what will happen to us, how to do, now tell me, now the fun of live is different, okay, you will get to see the recording also later, okay, but the fun of life is different, don't miss this chase, let's meet on. Saturday 11:00 am YouTube par kaise banna hai You may have learned the meaning of becoming with your family, it may be that you may not understand the child, it is okay to understand and those who have children above 12-14 years of age, bring them also because they are the bill.  Helping you in this, maybe you don't have to do it, they will pick up before you because they have a little idea, so connect with the children, join the family songs and attend the workshop, thank you.