Soon Lindy Hello friends I am quite a very special guest and I am channel Sulekh you had seen them earlier too, a miniclip video was made in it and told us very good things about these girls Today search Wearing a different height 21 A multifaceted personality Manoj I  Things Which Leaders In Aviation Are Like Senator Levin Soon Me Different Types Of Art Craft And Having Lots Of Experience In This  State leaders were flying, so today I came to know on the screen that this medicine for 20 thousand children, this price is also a surprise gift, our 20,000 children were falling in love with you, so I have brought this for a career option from the target audience.  It is also for those whose children are between the age of 15, 16 and 25, 30 and youth of 23, 24, 25 or  Those who have children then Ajay Ahlawat GN Time Ayushtis Prayog Welcome to Samvad Sutra Salary Staff and Peace Sir, my first question will be that I want to become a pilot, the topic is 'B want to become a pilot', so those who want to become a pilot from me, this is for those who have children or  Those who want to become a Sir, then we will start with the basics of becoming a pilot by detailing the highway. If we talk about engineering, inductors and everything else, then there is the procedure.  The question 'we took 20 wickets' will come in people's mind but first of all my basic question is that just like in childhood, if you look at the child and say that he wants to become a pilot, so since you are now a pilot and how do you feel, it means thinking about the past.  But if it becomes, then it means how is the quality of life mom, I will start from debt, how much money will we earn, how much will be the expenses, how can the pattern be locked, will we ask questions, a lot of people will ask questions. Dream Hai Patil Children's I want to be a pilot so answer it on how to maintain a lifestyle. First of all we will cover Pran Saheb that how do Kepler choose Carat, do they choose out of desire or knowledge or desire as per their  Mission done, struggling with the crisis whether I want to become a pilot, a doctor or go to PAUSE or become a waste, the tree leads to awareness that the children do not know much but since last few days they have been watching Bigg Boss The Day Daily Update. They have a little more idea than this and it is also caffeine. On the other hand, do something other than Civil Service Doctor Engineer. Then if it is your desire, you want to become a pilot, then you have knowledge about it, you will do more about it. You don't know, they say, but your parents.  Who knows, told your friends, they will add you that see, you can become a pilot, this is a glamorous preparation, your portrait is moving, it is on TV, it is always shown that the lifestyle is won by the decisions of the pilot, boy.  You are a girl, wear a good uniform, go to a good place, have an exciting career feeling, 100%, so looking at all these things, according to me, becoming a pilot is a very good idea and life is a bit of a challenge, so when you pass the exam.  When you are in training but once you get settled then the retirement age of a Haldi Pilot is 10th so if you try from 20 years and go till 25 years  If you become a pilot, then you have a career of 40 years. No other career gives you such a long span of time, so it will be very good for me. Come on, I want to ask a picture for this, if a paint is looking at this, a child is looking at it. How much Intel is required, how much exam level do we need, just like I know if the child will get into IIT, okay if someone likes him, then how much number should come in it, how much should be there according to the IQ level, how much should we get, if the profile is higher, then the child will be ahead.  go first  It can be said with pride that how much academic understanding is more important than your like button Shyam Medical Treatment Many children are very good in studies but their idea of ​​medical research letters, this like and mission is not right, they get scared. So if you have a mind, do you want to become a pilot, my device will be, first of all, get your class medical done, maintain class twelfth class, so that it can be proved that many medicals, your I side is fine, your A is gifted, your bell icon is fine.  Okay, you don't have any acidity so that you can go ahead on this path and then like that brother, I am a Banipara, so the first thing is to get your medical done, there is no qualification for that, so you like, the salt will melt, the thing is, how much academic help did you give?  You should have stamina, your status is very close to average, you are from Maths Science class 12th and if you fall in the range of 6270 percent marks in school, then you can crack these exams easily.  I could share with them, testing is not needed, America wants more murder-2, now I told them that they have to say, ok sir, you spend a lot of money, the second question will come, money is a big expense, if I want to make someone like my son and daughter a pilot, then my  Pass Traffic Expenses Evident Plus Minus Point and Lex How much can parents expect If they want to send their child to college then these sidings are the first I will tell you both the cheapest and the most expensive Sidings Will be the cheapest Is anyone in your house aware of this? About the system, your elder brother, your father, any of your friends who have done it will advise you that you will pass the exam by studying sales, you will not go to the coaching state and you will do all the preparation by searching on the medical net on your own, you will click on the time.  You will get your slot, take your clients in the cheapest flying school, take your record hours, apply for your license without going through any agent or organization, even after doing all this, you will have at least plus minus 5 such that you  Number 60 lakhs is our expense and the second easy option is the Airlines' Carat program. Nowadays all the big airlines say that you get your medical done, give us an interview, now go through our selection process and if we think you are suitable to become a pilot, then they will contact you. Will add one crore plus minus oil and all that training and the whole process will now be theirs, so the range is from 60 lakh to 1 crore, depending on how smart a reader you are, I sir, if it is 1 crore  If I go to cabinet program in the wall, there is assurance of meeting, jobs in airlines increase, meanwhile, I have taken sex, now in training policy, I give you performance, difficult money from friendship, it back at this is a very good, very good, you asked, many parents think that we  If we spend 40 lakhs, we will get the children's program, then there is a chance of getting a job. If there is a vacancy, before telling the mother, about 300 three hundred and fifty children who themselves  They have been carat programmed and have not been able to board the plane till then. The assurance withdrawal has not been done but now there is no date in it that they will make you in eight months. That child is also in the line. When the vacancy comes, then they will get the job. So you look at this, if there is demand in the market then you can come with your license from anywhere, your probability of getting a job is this model sequel is ok, caret program lock is a little but if there is demand in the market then you are out.  If you do it also, then you will get the advantage of the candidate program which is not available at the time of Rs. 40 lakhs. This is my opinion. Today's program is useful if you feel that there is going to be a market demand and you do not have to wait and on you.  If you have little money and don't want to do it, that means you want to do it only, you get the belt program, option is a very expensive option, that's all, in this circle tab, we will discuss what is white 93 job part. How are the ace and further oddities looking? Get the butt done in plotting in Noida and the leg in literature. If you have to do the seventh in the garland then one of my biggest options is the money that is spent. These were the thickest of wisdom tales about flying training.  So if I spend my exams, studies, figure out all this first and depend on typing a question and apply when the market is rocketing and at that time.  If I take my ideal and take it, then it is the least option of better option. Some initial stage is called orientation program, like you first get your medical done, first see what Muslims are, how much study is suitable for you, just sit with Anderson mentor and then  When Mukesh asked, if I take out my Reddy Rajas and make it my own in the line, then digital good advocate read was ideal for me, I have a lot of tension because we are children, parents take the device from me, they get two types of dry  I give it before the other two become available after twelfth. My device is that after twelfth you should not go because the gram flour industry and all other receptions are not there. If you do not make yourself capable of anything else then you will lose your place in the allotment.  If you find it very demanding, then I advise you to do your education in graduation, do NDA in cardamom, art, science, which will characterize you, find you, develop some capability and second.  This is that a little awareness will lead to big travels. If you become a pilot after this, you will not study anything other than the lines. If you lack the mandate, then first I give you promotion that you send a message to Shankar, this will be done, then second you decide the answer. I will give you this.  If you want to appear, then first of all you will do medical, then you will apply it on your face. If you want to apply while completing your graduation, then you do not need to give all the exams because EPFO ​​provides this.  By the time all this is done, this step will be done whether you are still interested in school or not and it will also become clear that Looking for Delhi will give it six months to one and a half years to two years in the pilot and which books will be available on demand first.  Friends, it would be a good time to comment on it and the apps told me to screen me, okay sir, now the edition is as you see it, if India's data is taken out that how many out of a thousand people pass the test and apply, then the collection sector  It definitely seems that there will be adventures, the bird game is also going on and help which is also political, whether it is going on for some time or not but as a long-term, if you see that a child is doing the job part, then now you will get the next 10  20-30 years old, how does it feel in the end exam? Some of these or some of this line, we, any company, were standing on that ship, what is their normal requirement, turn the texture while watching the numbers and finals.  If we talk about special 61, then how many will we see from it in the coming time that there will be a pilot screen government because there is a one and a half requirement for the pilot, at this time it is the night of all schools and easy commodities, so you too should be ready, if it was known through special procedure, then there would be two riders in it.  Young man, I have asked him how he feels, but first of all I would like to ask that if today I have thought that I want to become a pilot, then first do it until I have a license and I  Actually turn on these lines, its time frame is in normal circumstances for a normal person, who can easily take the exam, there are not many peers at one time, due to which we will be trapped in 3 years in graduation from Prem Adda, so tentative, Doctor.  It will be made in 5 years, so ever since the thought came to me and I started doing the activity of becoming a pilot, how much is this time frame, how much is this part, from making it to pilot in idea. Eligible for job in the market, how much time has passed, front part answer, what to bring, means you have decided to use this caffeine, and planning to get the license directly in your hand, carry it for 2 years and it is possible that you are very busy.  Till the time it is called death, but it is less than one and a half years or you apply pimples and your article is not very bad, then in 2 years you will get a license. After getting the license, you will get a job.  It depends on the market condition. When the demand in the market is very high, which was the case in 2017, when the children would come out of the school with their license, emails and messages would start coming on the phone. Temple Internet is not available today due to this.  There is a red flower, there is an upload of pilots in which there are pilots of every age and range, that Iyengar is kids, sir, ABCL has been done, there is an apk file which is called Jeth and Spice Jet Airways.  The next channel which is able to challenge its file properly these days is Spice Jet and Co. And those who were hired as per the back stage program are not applicable for them, so a huge pool is still available today.  If you have a license and you do not have one, then you will have to wait for one and a half to 2 years, that is why as we will discuss it with you, it is a good time to consider this as a career good till you get the license.  By the time I leave, I have already covered the market because like flowers, like travel, people will travel and after eating rice, how many of us are there in cars, buses, trains, airplanes, and this fish sector will pick up. Demand for violence will rise.  To have a good time to consider thumb in Bible are letters project chapter how are you watching how many airplane mode is on air india behavior notification is done so what time of wing forward  A slap twist remains immersed, Mishra like Airtel has swept the sewer line, how many pilots would like to extract its full juice, in these good times, these are a little called Industries side, that not every airplane but the world means new ship, not new induction purchases you.  There are eight men, secrets, five troubles, after 5 captains, and this is how you use it, there are six first options, two cuts, almost generally, you should stay eight, which is add airlines, like Indigo is there.  They have to do the work in 6 days, but their method of calculation is also a problem, they always use that some percentage of ours will be in maintenance service, then they will not be able to do the work beyond this, so if there can be two differences, they and  Tell me friend, we have found about 1500 in 45 years, which means it is into six in 2006, you need a pilot every day, after going to 65 gas, one is stopped every day. Pilot Medical Village is running out of intake every day, one pilot is tired and is using trend carrier, so every day the pilots are getting slow and every day there is a new policy of the government, now a large pool is available that they can fly soon.  Change, breaking, melting, cold, absolutely pilots, we will still have more pilots, remembering the construction, so everyone will also watch this video, they will increase their subscription teachers till the time they were made, they were told at some time, then interesting Facebook which  The main thing is, how much have I spent till now, the second thing is that how much will I get, now how many government jobs do we get, who knows the paste, how much salary does the corporate, the big fat king, earn, so even Avilash has questions in this, they are two-  There are three stages, initially you join, then after that you become a Peep, you become a Commander, if you gain experience then what is the maximum salary of the market for those three stages?  Approximately how much is the starting one, how much is the middle one, that I would like to pay a note on earth too, I am that team, if I press the figures of tented, then I work in Amit, not maximum, we go for minimum, and if we do not meet, we discuss so that people can get the idea.  So whenever you do this palace, then Harela will help you in trading, you will get 80 thousand to 1 lakh rupees per month and as your planning goes on, it will increase.  As the problem increases, it will be around Rs 1.5 lakh when the line will be released, but as of now, your lens training is over and it is normal for you to generate it, then your salary will start increasing from Rs 1.75 to Rs 2 lakh when you release the same.  If you become a first officer with good details, then your salary will be around 2.5 lakh to 3 lakh and when the commander will update you after taking the spinach, you will get 3 years in this.  This may take three and a half years or a maximum of four years. Your salary will start from Rs. 5.5 lakhs. This salary will keep increasing as your dependence on him increases after becoming a tomato nearby. If you become a trainer or an examiner, then this salary will be in  Very pessimistic scenario, 80 lakhs will remain on them and this is the salary of a particular person or the salary which has been taken out of 12, so if I take the example of looking at it metaphorically  Let us take an example, after a person decides that he wants to become a pilot, he starts it in this year, then by this year he gets the license and going to the west is the first option and from 25 to 30 he  After scanning all the qualifications, he turned 30 and is drawing Rs. 10 lakh plus every month. Plus launch this and he still has 35 years of career to save, which is retirement, such five to motive quick.  If the father spends the money, someone's uncle did it, then there are four fields in the plot, there is a son or something like this, then the child can withdraw the money for practice, on the contrary, these people do this and the second thing I wanted to ask is whether some people in this  There is also a scope for him to commit suicide by doing something like education, this is the last year, shopping and things like my reservation, please update him, the observation is that I have no interest in this.  There is no competition that there are five vacancies and 500 people come and a party will be formed. In this, if I want to become a pilot, then I have a share in the program. If I want to become a pilot in someone else, then he does not have to complete it, he has to meet the minimum set for admission at his end.  If the fear is medically fit and exams for relief, then it will be made from the pilot, then the number on the printer, market circumstances under observation, then this system is good to tell such people. That such quality is and the vacancies are getting angry with the children, so the village should be built right, this is not a competition of something, it is specifically about money but on that day we are seeing that even the medical seats, from what I saw in private colleges in India.  I have to take one more step to become a doctor, doctors also earn money, it is okay, but this guarantee of earning money and rotating hormone investment, then my pocket, my figure, in 10 months I  You can return your money which you said is around 10 lakhs and the average which you said will be done on three and a half occasions, when that line is released, then in about 28 months the rich doctor will be rich in it, so there are questions about 12 things that the penance.  This is ₹ 10000000, then how much can she borrow from the banks and how much will I have to put my own equity in it Aamir, as per my knowledge, the banks are in it now, if not now, then there are upsides.  Not really if you took loan then this money will give you ok job vacancy government vacancy vacancy vacancy 2200 job and in 2006 like subscribe second is ready now if you are this and you took long time then like subscribe if you use  So you will have to understand all this immediately that if you are in a career, then you will have to take this popularity of your body for yourself. You will have to give up alcohol, smoking or share a car. You will have to make your life better because if there is no display then the help will be bad and if there is a scrub then the medical center will be dirty and then you do not apply. The second arrest which we have mentioned in the first page is about the appliance.  I have seen that many candidates have a very sincere very different birthday, they do not have basic motor skills and hand eye coordination, they are not able to apply inspite of all the city, so it is ok.  This is another country, people will have to understand. Apart from these two, father and daughter, I don't see anyone keeping an eye on it, but if I reveal it coldly, now I like to editor. You will watch the introductory video. DSP generation is the better option.  If there is a problem Video of birth talking about details How are the exams How to apply Which alarms can you study without setting I would like to tell the audience that among you  Those who are piya interested but connect with me I will help you in connected with Ajay Alarms it vs honor mail email verification depending on zone timing schedule and is the shooting chief common prism interim order kids and in tourist places near sperm system good morning understanding nation  And Companies Will Also Be Helping I Will Be Very Happy To Connect All Models With You Want To Connect With Him his Delhi-NCR best portion to Angry Birds in Delhi and I am able to meet and depending on this festival and timing is okay actually thank you very much for the upcoming and also in future if you want to do something different I will request you.  To join them and the first video we did about Kisko Gyanpeeth, there were very positive reviews about you too, Africa, you too, not us.  And now we ca n't do anything else in this, but we will try to do a lot but there is a correction in it too and people are putting a lot of effort into it, we had said that we will follow it and at that time the government was thinking that the app will come under control first.  No, then we had said that he will come, after that we will tell him that too, we also gave that video of yours and this one, which will take our comments and praise, definitely, I don't know that I asked a lot of questions but I went back in time. was watching  So didn't want to delay the video so I'll stop the recording and the best for your report