Hello friends, do you want to be a consultant, do you want to become a consultant, that is why I am saying that I have been getting a lot of requests of late for my private consultation on various topics which I do. It is okay and I have been getting so many requests.  Can't do it and I do n't enjoy doing much because I want to connect with a larger audience. The fee is too bad for me, it is too bad that you can get my platinum membership.  People of 2 years, that too, my 45 minutes consultation is this match, give me more platinum membership, that is why I am teaching people to become a consultant. Do you have a problem in your life, go to the street, become a consultant to your problem, solve yours too, people.  People of the world say no, no, which certificate will I get, who will come to me, where will I get my stamp?  Brother, I am not making you a psychiatrist, a doctor who gives medicines, for that you need all this, I am not making you a lawyer, a person who knows in the court, I am not giving you the advice of a chartered accountant to file your returns on your government, the rest of the things are a lot to be told. Like earlier in old newspapers or old magazines, if you have seen it, now it used to be done by Goni Aunty, she used to ask what is our problem, that is such a thing that if told, it can be understood, it is power blue. Ocean is an opportunity, I am teaching everything in my platinum membership, it is a request to those who are connected that they are enjoying the taste and fun and those who are platinum members please write in the comment area, I am talking about Mussoorie only, so which is off.  Platinum Membership in You Can Tech There are many benefits of Platinum Membership which are free on Me Pet Content. Platinum Membership is free so what can I say about that one.  There is also membership, there is monthly membership, it is a buffet, just like you have taken membership of Netflix, now it has all the animals, there is happiness course, there is real estate course, you have astrology course, whatever I do differently in your webinars, whatever opportunities I bring. Many people used to ask me about platinum membership. Join button is visible. Jain, press the join button and it is okay to take yours. It is at Rs. 799, if you want.  If you are an NRI, if you are in a foreign country, then the price will be a little higher depending on the country. If you are in India, then Rs. 799 is the price. After that, if you have an Apple iPhone, then you can send it to me on WhatsApp. If not, then give me the link given below.  I will give it to you because they do not see the joint button, Apple people can see it only other Android people can see it, if Apple people can also see it, then they can take it. If it is not visible, then they can take me the link. Whoever takes platinum membership can give it to me. Whatsapp  You can take platinum membership, I will also add him to the exclusive WhatsApp info group on platinum members where you can share some education or details or link or something. If you are a platinum member already of my channel and add him to the group.  If you are not on it, please contact me immediately and I will add you to the group. There are some people, 5-8%, who have not yet been added, so it is possible in this video. What are the benefits of taking platinum membership? You will become a very interesting person. Now they tell you to improve your communication skills. How can you improve your communications if you do not have content? You have, you have something, you have something, you have something, you have some content, you have no communication skill, what is it to convey something well but to someone That thing should be interesting, right? You have spoken English very well, your confidence is very good, everything is very good for you but if you don't have this content then who will listen to you and you stammer for some reason, you have the issue of stuttering, there is also the issue of stammering.  Okay, so it does n't sound very impressive, it sounds normal but the content is so funny, the next person is waiting for you like this because the meaning that is coming out from your tongue is very good, it is beneficial for him.  If it is happening, then this story is also practical. Whatever I am teaching, like a down to earth leader, I will teach you only practical things which will do in your real life. Even the story is not a show, you will realize that when you learn, this is very good. These are only practical things, this is power and in this way you can become a consultant, for property disputes, for family disputes, for merit, gender, if only you start, then you can pay my fee as of today. You will start with the fees, you will start with very low fees and the biggest hesitation on the people's bill is that I remove it and because of the destruction, there is a hesitation to ask for money because people are like sponges and you got the money, you got the money from a friend because of this.  I thought, why brother, my friend has to become rich, there is no problem, hey, there is a story in life, there is someone's problem, those problems come out of money, hey, what are you saying, if you have a toothache, the dentist will fix it, the money is fine, the story is hurt.  The story is that the doctor will cure it by investing money. If you have any kind of pain point, there will be no help or anything, you will not get a car, you will not get a taxi, you will not be able to recover. The story is also a pain point, that pain comes out only through money, so you just  Start understanding people's pen and start helping them, they will thank you and whatever rate you want, start taking it according to the pen and according to your supporters and you will see that your friends and all the friends will give it.  comes and tightens you for free Useless knowledge and never even implements and you keep telling it along with it Haryanvi words you cup talking without other ramifications ok then you bill stop doing date first of which you bill start speaking your time and your knowledge everybody  Which is my audience, the group comes first to me, my audience is not 15-16 years old, it is a slightly mature audience, okay so your  You have skill sets and life, that is life sets, many things can be taught, you have power, you are a woman, you have not earned ₹ 1 till date, you are a housewife, brother, you know many things, you know how to cook, you know how to tie sarees, you know how to make money for tying sarees.  Let's meet too, let's meet, tying a saree, I will tell you where we meet, hey, what are you talking about, I will tell you, who will give you the money to learn how to tie a saree? Ladies, the girls of today, madam, are you listening?  There is money to learn to tie a saree. This is the money to learn how to tie a tie. Friend of personality improvement, where are these, I will explain to you, I will tell you about the saree thing, how money can be earned while sitting at home. Now, if you want to learn from her, then don't you?  Which is reducing it, sometimes I feel like, firstly, my hair is so white, it makes my age look more and I am making it look older, because now I am considered a hero.  I do n't want to do romance after the heroine's tree, even if I seem to be older, I am also her bread and butter, I am fine, but sometimes I become like, 'Dude, do n't respect the white hair so much, respect me.' I want it, okay, I want a like, and whatever he is saying about me, do that, okay, if there is any [ __ ] sitting in it, it is not working out well by saying hello friends, 268 different things, so your guru teaches you because I till  And now I have been through the concentration request because you did it to one person and you did it to two, more than that it takes away the energy juice because when you charge so much fees and I do consultation based on so many aspects of  Life takes away the brain juice and then there are no days left to do more or less, that's why the fees are high, but now even that fee doesn't seem much to me, is it okay or am I just becoming more greedy, okay?  Or do you think that I am not enjoying it at all? Okay, I want you to be rich, talk to me about people because this is a blue ocean opportunity in India till date we are only ready to pay money to the doctor, I have a stomach ache that brother, you  Are you ready to take it for consultation or give it to a lawyer in exchange or are you keeping an unworthy child, are you ready to give him tuition to Master ji? Apart from these three, we want everything for free. Want for free but it is cloudy I am saying this No people are not going to waste and where they are wanting you to people out Think people are experienced about it and they can think aloud with them and their experts and advice  Why will this field do well for you today, that your closest relative cannot give you the right advice because he is connected with you, your parents are connected with you, your brothers and sisters are connected with you.  If they know you then there is prejudice. Secondly, what is that? They also have some reaction of their own. They advise him to buy a house, to buy far away, to buy alone. As if the parents think that he is a boy, if he gets a separate house bought for him then Nehra.  Will be separated, then who will be the head of our old age, then his advice is never good in date because it is retirement of a neutral party and this is the next generation, understand this.  It has been observed that whoever comes for consultation these days has any kind of confusion, a lot of people between 21 to 35 years of age come for consultation. If you are interested in check career or for that then do it in a group. If you want to do consultation then do it.  There are members of my group who are starting to do it and they are doing it at a very low fee, which is less than my fee, so there are people from my tax group and we are now starting the consultation immediately.  For this, if you want to take it which is very low, which is my rate, it is Career Growth and Navigating in Corporate, the one thing you have to navigate is the career graph, go here, go there, go up, go left, job shift.  What has to be done or not has to be done, if many are not divided, then I have done this one separately, but I am saying the rest, brother, I want to make you only, so if you become for whatever you want to become, then it is a journey, now in how many days will I become that, six together.  made in a month  You can shade it in some other way so that content will always be there in the image, you can add so much content in your life by paying a very low fee in a particular way that you can then squeeze 100 times out of it, from outside it will remain a constant content. Now I am not doing it for one person, I am doing it for thousands, so I am putting in the same amount of effort, that is why I have kept the fees low, but the quality of its content is very high and all the people are connected.  Those who have taken platinum membership, please tell me how was your experience. It is just like that. Genuinely, tell me, you are enjoying it and you will get a lot of variety in the future. How can I study, which I have given here for free.  After studying, how will more studies come in the future, okay, that is also a free way to learn, but you should think that if you are getting so much for free, then you must be getting something extra at the price, okay where you are.  What is Can Connect D.M? The people coming forward will be so smart and time wise that because of the outsourcing of thinking, the decision making was normally the same in 1980, the caste in the family was to think and do this and that is no longer the case.  This has been happening in many families as well. Earlier, they used to talk about the elders first and now they say whether there is any personal benefit to them in the advice of the elders. It seems like this. Maybe it used to happen earlier also, it is not like this, earlier the elder used to give advice, he also had something to do with it, but it was not considered to be so at face value. If father said it, then he just said it. It is okay if mother said it.  Now it is not so, so that is why she is thinking that it is the new generation, okay then the same thoughts, the requirement of third party has increased a lot, which has nothing to do with you, in terms of emotional baggage, she genuinely  Without getting bogged down in emotions, without feeling that much pain, he can give you a good advice, so if you people want to learn the way to buy that advice, now you have understood that retirement is absolutely true, the right thing is being said in this way.  The thing is happening with us, we are taking consultation, so my 45 minutes consultation is equal to you give more years of me Platina membership, so in two years I will give you  I will give Shikha, I will tell and the interaction that will happen is more than 45 minutes, but still someone has to take it, brother, I have a lot of money and I have to do something quickly, so I am a rich person because rich people waste time.  He doesn't do it, he says, do it for 45 minutes, 1 hour, it's for them, now they come and say again that no, I am for the rich people, it is not even politically correct for the poor, that we are yours.  thinking of  They were like this because wherever money is involved, you fall there and you fall there. If you do anything with money, then understand that to do good things in life, you have to give good morning message that in doing smile bill less free smile. What do you say, there is no money, it seems brother, to feel happy from within, everything in life should be set, if something happens in life, hospital is money for life, money for a ride is money, driver's money is live Jhingalala.  Even if the children do not become anything, it is still a jugaad to pay the school fees. When your life is set in the right way, then brothers and sisters, you have smiled, otherwise the smile has not come. By the way, by doing this, you are standing like this, right?  That smile has come, it is a genuine smile, so the real happiness in life, brother, comes from money, there is nothing to tell, I tell you many times, everything becomes possible, mother is not afraid, very well written in the aarti of Lakshmi Mata Ji. if it has happened  It is very good to do a side gig. It is a very good idea to have a side hustle. You can be anything, you can be a retired man, you can be a housewife, you can be a corporate, you can be anything. Once you get the template, you will not have to do consultation. How consultation is done, how it is taught to you, then you superimpose your skill set on it and it becomes your template, date it, then you do something, why is it so?  There is no stupid person who does not know anything and who has not seen anything. If you are 21-25 years old, it is a different matter if you are 30 years old, but if you are older, you have seen something and understood it, then your capability of imparting and  We give free knowledge in every nook and corner in India, brother, it is not that we do not want to give it, the only thing is that I am just telling it as a means of monetizing it. From the middle of this video, I have learned it very well.  If we explain it further then now we will join whoever wants to take platinum membership, they will get all the courses, they will get all the courses, you will get the record which has been done till date and the upcoming one too and sir, whatever content will be there, whatever date it will be part of. date is ok thank you