Hello friends, today's topic is Delhi Girls Are Aggressive, okay, we will not talk only about Delhi, you can apply at many places and here I am going to tell you this phenomenon like when you go in trains, there are DTC buses, public transport etc.  In general, there are many comments that Delhi girls are very aggressive. Okay, I have made a statement. But till date no one has heard about them. I am going to give a perspective to them. Understand why they are aggressive and what happens.  It is in public transport and here I will address one thing, many people are troubled by the fact that women are talking about equality with men, why do they need reservation and I will link up with that as to what is happening, it is going to be very good and  Many girls and ladies tell me thank you for bringing women shoes I am not a feminist I don't come here at the same times but I am not I am a reality and these  The issues I bring are not female issues, they are national issues, they are society's issues and I am here trying, you actually likes, comments, subscribed, the, humne tera kya socha aur jo purush hai mere both bhaag jaayenge, men are not liking the things, girls  I am liking things but I am from now on, I am helping men here to improve your life by understanding d respect gender as well as women in it.  The benefit is there, it is benefiting in the default setting, you understand that I am adjusting these men, I am not answering the questions that arise in your minds, no one will give them, why do you see a reservation of 15%? Where did this figure of 12 to 15% come from on the seats in the buses? First of all, stop considering the government as an idiot. When we do not think about the country today, the government is an idiot.  If there is pride, that means we are doing stupid things and I am from this. Government employees can be stupid but the government is not stupid because the government is an institution, government statistics data and a lot of international practice research, I don't know on whom the policies and decisions are taken. They become translated in 15% of the time will be under going menstruation come other time When the menstrual cycle is going on, I am telling all the people, men, ask your mothers, sisters, wives, what is feminine, it is not a very comfortable situation and in that too, they have to go to college, that is, they have to go to school, they have to go to office.  To reduce everything but it is not a comfortable situation, if they get to sit in it then nothing likes it. Now you people will ask and how to check this, I am not able to check.  Do you also know that only then 15% is put at random? So the second thing is theirs. You understand that women all know that when they have to stand and go in public transport, the touching and brushing that happens is not correct because I am from Delhi.  I have exposure to all these things which I am seeing, what I have seen and researched with my eyes, that is why I told them and they are very fair. Aggression comes out of fair. Understand that aggression is very fair. Pain is a date thing, can you remain aggressive? Your internal cortisol and all those hormones remain hypond. Diseases and pain occur all day, every time. You must have read that parasynpathetic system, nervous system, all that remains activated when a snake.  This is how he does it, people say that a sensible person will see his fair along with his progress and will see the region of fair, that is why those who are sensible are not those.  They give exit to the corner animals. Here I am not calling the women as animals. Nowadays, in the videos, I have to explain like this many times because either you or the audience are very intelligent but not all of them are, then they write one and a half thousand comments.  To avoid that, I am wasting 15 seconds of my and the audience's time. I know they are very intelligent but whenever women board a bus, they know what happens to them on a daily basis.  Difference between Accidental Touch and Deliberate Touch: A woman knows that this has become a normal brush side, this unruly person, you grant this knowledge to every woman, God has made it in her survival, if you understand something like this, then when she boards the bus.  Isn't he seeing that a man is sitting on the woman's seat in the corner, the one with a window, it has nothing to do with him now that you are sick, you should sit, you are elderly, he knows this, if I keep standing then what does he know?  I have to be with her, I have to give honey without asking, I have made this much of mine, I do research at a very high level, I go by metro for choice research, it's okay to travel, it's okay, I don't personally like it because I believe in it Now this is a very big statement. It is very bad that people will go because in India, it is a compulsion to ever think of such a thing, because the kind of people travel by public transport, this is a compulsion.  Not this should be done in public transport. If people are fine, now separate compartments have been made for women. Somewhere in the trains or in something, there is a problem. Why did people make them separate? Oh, it was made because many men are in the form of animals or animals. Even if we board the compartment as a man, these have been made to protect us a bit from them. Now, it feels bad that our respective genders should be spoken like this. It sounds very bad, but please tell us whether it is true or not.  is it like this or not  You guys tell me whether you are there or not, if you tell me, if he doesn't show aggression then he will eat it. It was fun to show it. Brother, walk properly everywhere, don't do corruption, don't do this. Why are you standing like that, why are you standing like that? Hey friend, that half an hour of water.  The journey of an hour becomes hell, it is made for that, tell me, if the government is giving reservation in this, if you try to take a women only bus, then what is wrong, why is it feeling chilly everywhere, it is the same, no, we don't do it, you do n't do it.  It is very good that you have good values ​​but you should know that some do do, I am not speaking bad about the entire gender, but please tell me whether this happens or not, any woman, tell me who is standing, that's it.  And there is such a pushing and shoving going on, is she okay there or was she sitting? Can you just tell me this? So if we have made 15% of her seats available to her, then why is there competition in everything, why are she getting irritated? If there is any reservation or any  The thing is, if you are giving him equal status and some protection, then who is the man here who doesn't have a mother, is not married yet, has a wife, so I don't know, so you don't have emotions, now you are not married, you don't even have a daughter, then he  Do n't wake up with emotions because you don't have a wife or a daughter. Okay, maybe whatever you are trying to do with someone, you are trying to tell something to them, the country is the same, just imagine yourself and you will get distracted and all.  You will get the answers to the questions, you don't have to do anything, you just have to imagine, next time when you do and try to do something, something is happening and if now she is showing aggression, then where should she go, what is bad, vaigration, consider it the pain of aggression.  And address him and I am of the opinion that if this misbehavior does not end, then as if it is food or snake, no one comes within 2 meter radius of him, neither do all women have the right to be so aggressive.  If Kaa is standing in the bus at a distance of two or three feet from her then the man will not be able to stand, he will climb on each other like this, all the men will climb on each other but with a stick of one feet such that if like this  Forcefully touched the butt many times. What is the situation? Public transport is like this only then I say that do not allow yourself to travel in public transport. Do n't be too proud. If you are the husband of a woman, please try to provide alternative. Collect these things.  Went to buy oil, the whole situation is what they say, this will not happen, we cannot change the society by making videos, this much supply is coming, where is it coming from, we cannot change the thinking but we can do this to them.  You can provide the facility to have women drivers and conductors of all buses. It is okay, 30% women only in the metro and it should be shown everywhere and the one who is feeling hot, doesn't he feel like this? This act where the next time someone touches someone's body, I am telling the women and I am telling the others why this is so, meaning whether you want to do this touching or you want to reduce all this, that is why it is a problem, isn't it that you are a woman?  She is going quietly and peacefully in a separate compartment and you are feeling troubled by this thing, that is, I am not enjoying anything, earlier I was enjoying, I will have to talk like this, I will have to distract only this much, okay and this is a boy who is in his 20s. 25 more  Look in 30 years, when later one turns 30, 35, 40, maybe famine comes, it is not necessary that it does not come even after 50-70 years, but maybe in their life they come in a relationship, even if that pain is manageable, who is that relationship?  Wife and daughter are from. There is a chance of two things coming in the life of a married man. Daughter and wife. Maybe she will understand the pain. Maybe before that he doesn't even feel anything. He thinks about his mother and about me somewhere.  Those who do not go, they are all scoundrels and by typing I can do anything to them, there are many people in the market who think that when you board a bus, 60 people board, you cannot control their thinking, you do not show any progress.  The topic of concern is for the society, that girl's health is deteriorating and she is not having any fun even within the society because these are the times it happens, that aggression would make her cry so deeply that even a normal innocent person reaches the point of a boy like that.  It should also be noted that he does it like this, he slaps the girl and then at the next bus stop the girl falls on him and he slaps her. You must have seen many such videos, that is also true, you extend everything but please you this.  Don't make women so stupid, just think that they don't know which is due to breaking, which is genuine and which is due to mischief. This software is running with a lot of premises here. Women are fine in their life, neither with pride from within, nor with the life they create, nor with having more intelligence than you. Remember, in this matter, I am not speaking in the whole matter, in this matter, that video was made. People like this.  Then you will not get freedom. Exit: You must have seen many videos in which the house is standing, the girl is touched, he slaps her and then in the next one when he touches her, he is hitting her. Big boys and men do not like it.  Reading the comments, I saw half of it like this.  Look, it is very big, please friend, it is not like this, it is not simple, okay, why are you angry, this is the reality, I am not a fan, I am not done, she will become comfortable with ease, then there is a lot with you, the girl will open up and she will definitely say yes, friend. This guy is fine, I am fine, that is also happening, so if you want you know you have female friendship, you want you have you know relationship and this is what you know.  Everything happens, okay, so brother, you will have to understand this, if your thought process, you will remain inside as a tough boy and carry that attitude of yours that we are like this, we are going to reach somewhere in life and then age will pass. Comment section.  By trolling to write that and then there is that frustration, nothing happens, nothing will happen in life, no matter how much people write on Twitter, on YouTube, on WhatsApp, this is this, that is this, you will not get just understanding from this.  It is happening and from where it is coming. Don't personalize everything. It is okay just because that snake makes full threats, then you should know that Thaitan makes full of threats and should know its reason. Give exit. Many people die with straight sticks.  Will go because you are showing aggression. What is the focus? Why are you showing aggression? Why don't you tolerate it? Stand like this quietly and no one will do anything. Many girls in our society should go away like this, there are other people who understand everything, we have to tell them that this is wrong, this is wrong for you too, just like they say, Duryodhan uncle ji, I will not give even as much land as the people of Sui. Even misbehavior as big as the tip of a needle should not be tolled. Don't do this much. Then you will know. Please don't make it. I'm not making prooman. Video. I'm not making anti-man. I'm not making pro man.  In many of the videos it seems that I am batting from the men's side and somewhere else I think I am batting from the women's side. If you keep putting me at the expense like this, then there is a third umpire too. Okay, so in this expense. Look at the issue as it is in the parties, discuss it, comment on it, only then you will enjoy it. Looking forward is a request. Please like it, share it with people. Thank you very much.