Hello friends, do you want to do farming? Now I am asking this from my audience and my audience is you all. You know who is my audience. Many people have a fantasy that we have to take the story farm land and then we retire.  Will go again and live a life of peace, this is the case of many people, I also used to be like this from Bill Note, but at the same time, I was also thinking of doing organic farming, it is okay, it's so much.  Of course I knew that I cannot live in a village, nor do I want to live in it, nor do I enjoy living in that setting. I like to live in a good place where there is a big crowd and where I can eat, drink and see whatever I want.  Be it noisy, rich or intelligent people, I personally liked it but I have been telling many people that if this is your idea then it is not a workable idea because you must know who is the genuine farmer in India.  His family has not been a farmer for 700 years, he has been struggling for thousands of years, so it is not that you have not made him struggle, so what will happen to us, we will get pension or rent or money will come from the story, but money, I am doing it.  But this is not sustainable thoughts what I want to tell you, many of them are that I should go there and do mushroom farming or I should go to apple people or I should go organic and many others are doing that to me.  I know what else they are doing is also in touch with me and on many WhatsApp groups, after waking up in the morning, they clicked a photo of a fruit and showed it and it gives a feeling of relief, "Don't want to put it, dammit, it's okay" and that look, there is no pollution in ours.  There is no one here, okay, look, we are so good, very nice, okay, many people also like to be attracted, isn't it, man, this is such a good life, brother, there is disappointment in this D word, no children come near, there is no activity.  There is no health facility, there is loneliness, we want you again and again, you are fool nice about it, that is why you all forward it on WhatsApp, put it on Facebook and show it to everyone, want to understand, but there is no identity of yours in this sense of you.  Don't identify with date Place was supposed to live now, he moved to some place, you are doing something there and it is not sustainable because form wages, labor will increase a lot in future  Costs will increase further and it is not sustainable. If you are sitting with 10-2050 crores, then I am Almeez, then you brother can visit 100 places, there are flats in big cities too, there is servant circle everywhere in small ones. If the story is also the same then you can do it in Switzerland also.  Take a little farming here, do it there, but you middle class people, those who want to take up racing, our farm house is not sustainable and then that thing. Facilities are not available and ghosts are allowed to choose from within and men are more allowed to do so, women are not allowed at all because women are practical, they are mobile and if they are mobile then it is also the caste of the husband. My hobby has become so much that now this is going on.  Is going and then once what was their plan, we would call friends, this went on for two or three years, after that it becomes a white elephant investment and the people who have bought this chappi also.  I am going to tell you and I will tell you very very, I am not telling you openly because even in telling about the product this is, I give consultation, meaning I am the villain on the other side also, you are understanding my point. I am a lot of builder who does not do copywriting because I know from both the sides that only such foolish people will give words to those who have so much sugar in their life. Show them this dream and the land here is a fort. 5  Lakh  It was worth Rs 10 lakh and was very cheap. Some of them were like plaiting proteins and cost thousands of 1200 1500 2000 yards. And they have the habit of listening to the rates. The people of the city have a habit of hearing the rate of one lakh rupees per yard. Two lakh 2.5 lakh three lakh dollars. Face 3 4 lakh 3 lakh and  Yours is Delhi 800000000. Here you tell them the mantra, spend ₹ 5000 and say it like this, then see how much is earned and how much is the profit.  There is margin in it, plant some trees, do something with valuable, then do something with water, make a story, road, road, meaning profit here, doing all this work means a lot, but brother, no one is going to take care of a mother, I am telling this and These planes will be seen in many places ahead and if you think that consultation is given in those planes, then it would be from the inside, I also know that despite the date, it will not spoil anyone's business model because my channel is not watched by 10 crore people.  By then Deepak will know the matter brother, don't go and stay there, you wo n't be able to even read the story and the price of his land, you are buying it is very expensive, it is but you buy a 50 yard plot at a very costly rate in a proper city.  M Talking about investment also according to inheritance and which debt and cash flow and which debt would rather give, owning these lands, if you are so fond of doing all this and have money, invest here here.  Generate cash from it, don't depend on the story, take 15 days in Ooty, study for 10 days, go to Karnal, go to Bhimtal, take the story as per your choice, go and do it, then it is okay and spend your time there, you will know that it does not and  Then he will say or Guru ji whatever is your plan in life whatever is your plan of 6289 real old ahead bill retire youtube stay in with great medical film facilities which are around you but  6270 or 55 tu 70 ya 55 tu 75 bhi u can afford tu rom rom little beat don't come yourself in buying an asset have debt cash flow generation TV from de some other asset with debt money because you have gone to a Kalimpong now  That movie had come, that's why the jawan is impressed, if he knows, then it is good, Paharpur was released, but after that, those sunny days did not come, mother, take it there. Rain looks like rain, it seems a bit depressing, once I was attracted to you, it was very good and when you like a place, it is not necessary that you have stayed there for 365 days, you have liked the weather.  It doesn't shoot you many times and then you have to come back. If you comment too much there, then you go there, it has the best weather everywhere. In the winter, the story took hold in the desert and with the results, there are two-three resorts in Jaisalmer like this.  Of  The good ones are in the places which are fine in Rajasthan or in Gujarat, which are not agreeable to their roaming in the mountains in winter or summer. For three months, 10 days, 15 days, it will cost money to travel and spend that money from your good assets.  Do not turn it on and it is not cold for you and plus you are getting to find different places every time, that is the link of Rajasthan and or that kind of which is their peculiar which Rajasthani food is available every time, you are the same place which is every time.  You fans in Uttarakhand, who enjoy the tastes of every place, of every kind of colour, of every kind of food, of the happy season and then this agriculture man who is saying that I want you to do farming, I want you to do good farming, I have to do this, this request.  You can grow up in the program and buy pots, you can play games in that also, because there are so many fields in your body, those ones can also play games, okay, and on the other hand, there are still some good apps and those vegetables are very good.  Do n't stay out of place and this one is not too much over there, Rakhi has said that the city has been coming from there, it is good from there, I will plant it from there and eat it, I will plant it from here and eat it, I will grow everything from now onwards, if you are hungry, then if you want orange.  You will go and live in Nagpur and then brother, now all the screams will go to Himachal and that sweet thing happened to the cradle, it becomes good in the pot and that chilli too is caste, take a small bed, people are okay or nearby, small meaning.  People today, road people, what is the problem of farming people, it is okay especially for the middle class, it is okay, I am talking about oil discussing and never telling, you know they are discussing this smart man and you know what it is called, people of which  Come in the consultations and I will tell the audience that now I have got relief from farming, every person's milk was being farmed by the previous generation or the generation before that, brother, this panda is small and  Bill take a lot of you know honesty and telling and meeting friend, it's okay to go again for 100 years, 200 years, we will become very rich and will go away and give amount you play this think also many people are like this in the generation, it's okay their 100 years  The father did not do it okay, he came here Surajgarh form so these forms and the bullock cart is going there and the story is going high and the story is shopping, how is it going Tractor is running, they can do tourism, okay, this one also has history, Sujangarh form, these forms, they live separately, okay, this is okay, but friend, can't go, message, don't take, you match pride and do in this farming, this is now  Do it after 100 years, the next to next generation has just left, read it, friend, do you really want oil, it is okay, after coming with difficulty, now they say, I was talking, you are really old lady, it is okay. How else is it singing now, it's time now, he is doing this normally, I am late by talking to him about life and death, how many sons, water, cold style, air of this, I am not maroon, true, nice lady with such a match in my eyes.  Tears came every day without being so honest and I said, I am Guruji, now it is okay whether you are old or young, when did I say that you bless you with true passion, it is okay which means being so honest because.  Sambdi and scene date, living in so much heat, not getting water, bring water on head or no, hey, she has just come so soon, love is back, date message, no one told me here and there is a lot of emptiness in the lives of many people, now they are in their own right.  We were doing so much in retired life, now how do they know that we are not doing anything, so they will do farming, we will go there, we will go there, they are living life and then make a big photo on their WhatsApp, today is mine, today is mine.  eat yours today mine  This is what I did today, this date cannot be achieved, let me tell you, there is a lot more to do for 30 35 years, add value to the knowledge you have acquired, do not do it to become a farmer, farmer bhar teri rock kar rahe aisa cheez India  70% of the GDP is due to farming. You and I want to become farmers, that means everyone should become farmers and a completely indigenous farm should be created. You have not progressed that much, right now I am  Now I will become Amrit, angry tomorrow, in 25, 30, 40 years, maybe I will play again. It is okay to go and play in Mahasama, it is okay, but right now we have to do a lot of work. Now we have to guide the war, guide the people.  Have to take the country forward Have to go into real productivity No don't waste yours You know 10 This is mine This is yours This is mine After me This is what happened to me You get a car worth ₹ 6 My friend, do n't complete the story for that today lad What did you do first?  All those who used to work in the government, GPs in private, retired, on the story and such retirees, don't get into these only, all this is useless, I am saying this so strongly, this is only a video on YouTube, some celebrity is going and staying there, tents are running for all of them.  They do n't come and tell that he stays there, not in 70 days in a year, not in 50 days, okay and he is very rich and also the story that he goes immediately and he also goes to Mumbai.  And they also go shopping in the locality, live there too and have notes to manage five different places and mother's Manish notes are in issue, so if they are so rich in such a setting, but which is typical for me.  Do you know that I am middle class brother, I don't have money and a lot of money will be wasted there, that bottle gourd of yours is very expensive, it is 50000 kg because of that opportunity cost, don't fool, very happy about it.