That Hello friends, you must have seen the topic Do you want to retire point, why is this office only 152, till the end of the live video you will know whether you want to retire at the age of 42, then this video which some people of thirty-thirty-five 30s.  This is a very good video for those who are going around Fati, watch it carefully, you must have seen videos on many such topics on YouTube.  Do n't fool by talking, here let me show you on a cell, you put in so much money, then you will have so much money, then your passive income will be so much, then you will retire like this, all this is nonsense because we can't know what your aspirations will be.  B se jor loosening 432 full videos ko dekhti and he immediately returned to quantity start position hello how much you want to aap itni takwah ho jaayegi itni  The department made a very cute video on inflation. If you can find people then you can tell me which video is that on inflation and if anyone is interested in that video then you can connect with me on WhatsApp, okay or  I will post it on my subscribers telegram group. This is an old video. At that time, perhaps there was no subscription facility, so perhaps it was not seen that much. Then it will be seen. So, you can join the telegram group. Normal subscribers, platinum people.  When I was on the ninth day, then let's talk about retiring. Okay, the first thing is to listen carefully, it will take away a lot of fear. Listen, it was good, please listen. It's okay, at 42 years you have to retire mentally, there is no need to do it actually, now I will do it mentally.  What happens is that first of all you have to think that all of you are haunted by the ghost of retirement because the job is grinding and those who are enjoying the job.  Why would he talk about retirement? The one who is enjoying earning money is enjoying living his life, everything is going well. Why would he watch such videos? It is not a question on him and you but on me, those who are earning money today.  I am doing this job, there is a lot of grinding, there is a lot of irritation, boss's promotion porter, end his pressure there, friend, what salvation will you get from this, so this is the salvation I am giving you, listen carefully, you are in the tree. Consider yourself mentally, with the mind that I have retired, there is no need to leave this job, the body will go, the soul will not go, now you will start feeling better, the old updates will remain connected, it is a request to the new ones to listen, something good will come out, believe me, it is okay.  People will accept it, it can't be like this, friend, he will take out mine, we will take out the saliva from my neck, he is basically telling us to make you useless, basically to become a mother to you and the corporation.  I am saying, don't set your body on fire, it is fine in the victim's opinion, but he lets pimples live and lets him live, he doesn't have the middle message, I am coming, I am giving the device, today 's device is not just telling what happened before, which is this meditation generation.  Is it 3000? It is not under anyone's control, it does n't take nonsense, she is married at the age of nine, has two children and keeps her parents as her middle friend Mithila Sengar, everyone has a mobile, everyone has it.  They don't like good manners. They immediately leave the job. The 42 year old man's heartbeat increases and the 40 year old woman's heart rate increases. Neither should I be fired because I have a wife, children and liabilities. I get scared. Reduce this fear in my mind, let me go and do something.  No, you don't have to say, you have to retire as per your wish, now I don't understand how you are doing this, so listen to this, it will hurt the society today, but the Medical Council is very much in demand.  I have practiced at the age of 40, but I am running from St. Mary's, the marriages as shown in the pocket are not a joke, the woman is laughing, the man is for the child, the man is for someone else's affair, so when we get married like this, we cannot get a job and if Start fulfilling the duties of your job, the quality of my marriage will increase. Brothers and sisters, these are deep videos. Many times I feel that why is my subscriber base not a million, why not I can do more good to the people, okay my.  Leni, I have a feeling for people, let's go, I have recently crossed 25000 rupees, so you like these things, this is my teasing video, it can be a little long, stay connected, it is a big garage video, lead video, where are you?  You will get caught and here you will decide how your life will change due to it, no one makes this video, no one gives it, everyone takes motivation forward, caught book English Ki Aankhen Motivation, got caught that the above  Who don't read my book? It's original. If you find my content absolutely original then it is fine then write it or write the original. If you think it is cut, copy paste, I don't know then our time will be wasted by listening to someone else's English or Hindi.  If he does, then write 'C', it's okay, this is my channel above, I should also know about my status, okay, then what do you have to do, yes, you are 42 years old, you have turned 40, help Chakki grinding.  You have been living till retirement, if you are seeing this then retirement means zero job, some more work is fine, no one is sitting at home, I know, even before taking such a drafting decision, like before taking divorce.  Look at that, have less expectations, work without permission, work with utmost respect, if you are getting less respect in the workplace then even less, justify your actions. Government people do respect with great care and do not tell about it and those who do not do so remain unhappy but now people will say that if we do less work in private jobs then we will be fired, we will not be able to get out 24 by 2022, why?  You will not be able to extract it because you are a 40-year-old, 38-year-old, 42-year-old person with 15, 16, 18 years of experience, even at 60% potential.  If you work then 126 year old hunter sports person has more potential than NDA. He knows your gender and he doesn't have stars. Who will replace you? You are like the one who has less oil in the lamp till the age of 40 years.  The oil gets reduced and gets burnt a lot because a little of that oil has to be used for the parents, a little for the wife, then take out the oil, and then for the children, then according to your desires and then according to the boss's request, the program should be done.  If you are, then that person is definitely there and if your skill, talent and experience and whatever proof is equal to the person in front of you even at the age of 40, then subscribe that I will do it myself, I will tell you that it is said Even if a good salary is Rs 2 lakh, if the employer is paying Rs 2 lakh, the company is paying it, the owner is paying it, that is, Rs 25 lakh, then some people must have been able to get the work done, not everyone.  Many times there is a misunderstanding that friend, I will do the work worth 10 lakhs, I am doing the work, I will come out and do it myself, then my work will be done. Such a misunderstanding happens and what is the result, you do the work worth 5 lakhs for 10 people.  There is no doubt in that, if I am your empire and I am giving you a salary of two lakhs, then I am taking municipal benefits from you and on the basis of this, if you take the decision of leaving, then you will distance yourself.  I will take less because if we have to make this decision, then why is it wrong? Because the employer who is your company, who is the owner, has set up an eco-system, it is because of the eco-system that you are able to earn money because you make that big person a part of the system. You are a part, not a hero, let me tell you its example, I am right, Bhajan Lal ji was the Chief Minister of Haryana many times, okay Congress party is small, of its own making, nothing has happened that that person would think that I am a leader, brother, I will bring the report. Pranab Mukherjee became a popular leader for a very long time President, he also left Congress inside ATS I am telling the example of Congress because now it is coming in my mind that I am giving very strong things to Congress or BJP or any other party, very leader party  If you leave and don't live anywhere, then they also feel that I am bringing votes, then how many people do you know? Write in the comment section, this is the only reason why I am saying that from my heart.  Retire, first of all, what is the UP result? If you have to leave the job, then first of all you will have to retire mentally, only then you will know that the decision is right, only then you will get time to think something else and do a pilot project. If you leave at 90 cents.  Speed ​​tree means you don't have the time to correct yourself. If you are a person walking for these feet in the car, then if the situation of an accident comes, then he does not have the reaction time because the speed is so high, he will get time and the person who is walking will have a little time. Lalla is turning 50 so now he is getting time, this is real life, so in real life, first of all reduce the amount of work you have to do with your job and there is no need for you to go and search for it, do it in your mind. In India, 40% of the laborers are under compulsion, we call them that, but if we want happiness, then the percentage is more happy, this is due to the happiness of both, it is the husband and the wife, both the husband and wife are doing the work, and some more.  The increasing trend in cases  These days, even the husband is forced to fulfill it, so why are you facing such problems in the job? Then you fulfill it, don't put in so much of it, don't perform so many aartis, and whatever time you get, I am telling you, your married life is also you.  This is a deep topic and can be explained in one and a half to two hours. Maybe I will do a webinar sometime. If this thing is hidden to you people, I have given it to some of you and I have made you aware of this concept. Then it will take one and a half to two hours to explain. Maybe I will do it sometime.  I will do a webinar on this whenever my time permits. If you are interested in the webinar on this, then type the message 'National Security Advisor has given me freedom from the job, Android of a caste from the job' and send it on my WhatsApp or in the comment section.  Write on WhatsApp to be fast on both the packs and also those who want freedom from job, I know the path and the path is practical and the path does not go anywhere like this. If you invest here then invest there. Do this, put this much in Excel, put that much in Excel, that brother, when the expenses for the last 40 years will be this much, the income will be this much, the expenses will be visible this much, that freedom will not be found anywhere because no one knows about inflation, only the wife and children do not know about the aspirations.  I will not let you fall, beware, if you leave your job then you are worth nothing. Hey, if it was so easy to leave a job, then you look at me, who retires at 60, the man is fine, go and ask him. At the age of 61, there is a feeling of housie and you say that I will run something of my own, I will run some business, I will do something else, I will do something else, then you cannot do that while being in a job, everyone has a wife, there is a PAN in their name, there is an Aadhaar.  It happens that you can take a day from a company, you can open a company, you can do all the work, you will know your worth in one and a half year, how much you have earned, if you have a job, twenty-five percent of the salary you are getting is also your wife's name.  But if you are amazing, then maybe you will get it automatically from within, then I will reveal that template in a webinar of one and a half to two hours, if you people are interested, but the biggest blessing is that as soon as you mentally retire from the job, your physical  The pain of retirement is a requirement, if 50% of it will happen to me, then I have done it, I want to retire everyone, there will be retired teachers, so it is okay.  How do you feel about yourself? You may have laughed a little after saying this, I am telling this as a joke very seriously. Networks in real life are okay, it is generally okay to be relaxed and work environment and to show from within, just worry about work, mention that sugar.  Okay, worry about the work and mention it and your tears are okay and it's possible at every place and going forward it is possible to employ for this you  Apart from this, I am so nervous, I am feeling scared, this is not telling me the right thing, he will not take 15 minutes to evict you when he actually has to evict you, it is okay when the situation is funny and you evict from one place, then also from the other place.  You get a job, you should have experience, it's okay, what do you say about brothers with correct skills, there is a lot of demand in the market and this is 25, 26, 27 years and 23.  24 25 people were not able to control A Generation is really love only thing and if you worked in Impressions then please correct it you need a little guidance you have made it difficult Edison did this nonsense Gandharva marriage Did this, someone spoke rudely to me in the program and doing Khanduri and yearning for leave and living life as per your own mind, all this is wrong, ok I don't want to do this  But what has to be done, brothers and sisters, you can do it, you can also add to that, he is practical, connected to the ground, just like the leader of Lok Sabha, he has been nominated by hatred and speaks English, so if he is in vote bank politics, then you have understood how to type from the job.  Thank you