Hello friends, do you want to get research, there are many such videos, today I also want to make such a video, it is the words of Lakshmi ji, that is why it is a lotus, it is not related to anything else, it is okay, it is a Vaastu thing, it is okay too.  Want to get rich Do you want to become rich All of you are not a cricketer Actually I will tell you okay then how can you be for the thing telling you and tell me in the comment section and by the number which given  Connect on that you saw some difference in a month or two, people who have been connected for one and a half to two years are getting positive feedback, that's why you feel like making acid, that's the thing you have to do, work very hard to become rich. Invest from this job. First of all, it cannot be appointed. Okay, the one whom you write down, Anything which can be measured, Only thing which can improve, The thing which we can measure is only that.  You can improve or change the same, if you want to lose weight then first of all how much you have to lose then do something and then how much did you gain then no how much did you gain then do something then it is important to measure if someone's fever is higher.  It seems that yes, if the intake of this medicine reduces then it is necessary to major, also there are many things which we cannot major, those things become difficult to change, if they become very difficult, then in the same way there is wealth and money, you have to major, ma'am Introducing Custom  call network network network  This is the definition of your total value, which is the courage of the house in which you live. 11 definitions also say that the house in which you live is the butter and apart from that, your work time is your network. It will meet your address - You like it.  Is it total? What AdSense do you have? It is house, property, gold, lion, mutual funds, cash, bank deposit, apk file, sovereign bond, bond, next9.  Is there any crypto or anything on this portal - You Loan Mala's loan of Rs. 18 lakhs is huge because it is your network and you have to do it if not on daily basis then on weekly basis. If I take your name then it will be promoted forcibly, but you all know it is okay in which you can put in it, if you have taken a loan like this, and you put it in it, then the principal element which is reduced every month. This increases your network. What will be the benefit of doing all this? You will start understanding what are the blind spots, what should not be taken and how much should be taken and what is the effect of taking. The car worth Rs 10 lakh came out of the showroom.  The network did not want one and a half lakh, I had found it worth eight and a half lakh and that eight and a half lakh was the real fake one and a half lakh that you had put in your Gypsy, will we come as soon as the car comes out of the showroom, does this mean don't buy the car, this is a WhatsApp.  What's the matter, people do jobs, now I will take my channel one level higher. If you guys enjoy then please write so that I can keep making it like this, what are the people who are living their own lives?  These are their belief systems. If it comes to a crushing blow, then save 5 seconds and immediately leave for rest because it takes time to understand and explain. Immediately you took out a car rally and I back you, it doesn't mean anything. What does this poet want to say? Don't play the game of drawing cards again and again. One needs to increase the network once. It does not mean that brother, after drawing everything, he talks for seven, four years and back for four years because you all have to work towards making.  Network one million dollars in it is a universal figure 21 million dollars which today would be around 7 crore 70 lakh or around network, so this is what you have to target in life, the sooner you reach this figure, the sooner you reach it.  Only your factory will open the way to freedom and you will be able to work together on a rough basis, you will be able to live this life without hitting the figure, people think of doing a lot of things left and right, then when they are not able to do so, even a single such dialogue in between reaches many people.  Only like this, that is not life at all, this is a wrong notion, in the time, I have taken live bihar living life, I have taken from him, want to live life, it means weather, the time, this and also like this job, you are alive but you are not living, right.  Having more  You are living only when you go to a party or go on a vacation, you can go to a hill station somewhere, you can roam somewhere, he yearns for the motor time zone, not leaving request, not joint in jobs and giving, that tasting and energy is fine, that relationship.  Like I am not enjoying, I am not enjoying when you come on the network then you will know the text, there is a saying on religion and you will read that work in the right direction and this and Govinda  Right directions in it's only a matter of time Direction is Tubelight Whereas if you have to go from Delhi to Trivandrum and you are walking then you will reach, even if you are going on foot you will reach because directions are needed and if you are facing Srinagar then  Even if you see a Lamborghini Maja and a fast car, you will not reach there because if the directions remain the same then many people are going at speed without pin directions and heard.  Where do you want to go, brother, then first of all your network will tell you the direction, how much distance should this network be, I will tell you the inflation part is the text percentage, these days sometimes it becomes 67 but now it has increased, then if your network nominal  This festival is not going anywhere as per GDP. What is nominal GDP which is said to be a symptom of difficulty then if it is called real GDP growth 72  This is also a clear percentage and there is send inflation along with it, then your network should increase by 14 cents. If your target is more than this, then it is okay. Now there are two ways to increase it. This is a big plus with some acid. This was your earning which was earned by investing your income.  If you put it in, then when you are a youngster and are just starting out and your network share is Rs 10 lakh, then in the beginning it will increase more because your salary will increase when it reaches this very big level.  Even then you have to keep a target of 14%, but in the beginning if you are getting twenty-five percent time, the network is growing, then there is no need to be very happy about it. 14 will tell you, best friend, it is very low, isn't it? Your job got zero.  In your first year, it will be Rs 5 lakh in Cantt. In the second year, if you have done 10, then hundred percent has fallen. If you have done 5 to 10, then it does not mean that I am very good.  If I am doing this, then I have told you the minimum target. If your limit is your debit then it can increase in two ways, that is, you have acid which is increasing on its own. Phone number one number two, this is some money off, put that money in for free.  That's why it is increasing and thirdly, you are generating your own income. Your income is also coming from the savings you make and from that, you put it in this story which I told, so all these  Your behavior with the thing, inside this you have to see that when you take a loan of liability, then you automatically start understanding that it was taken for one crore, it is going towards 1.25-1.5, it is going down.  And you have used libre, you have invested ten percent or fifteen percent of your money in it, the remaining is loan, then one and a half inch good libation is more grade thing in stationery times and the value of money is getting lost in other places, then you have  Even after taking a thing worth ₹ 100, you saw ₹ 10 and your loan was seven and a half percent and inflation was done. I mean, you understand my mother. Okay, so if you understand all these things basically, then the first thing you will understand is that is, when you will start writing your At any point of time, brother, how much network of related persons is your enemy, otherwise the answer is 28 likes, even in 5000, you get more than leave, but it is close to 28.5 lakh people.  This is not what the very rich people do not know. They sit in a thicket and start writing. Find out the rate of your property every three months. If the address is teller and if you are a buyer, then divide the salary by the outside rate and the effective rate between them.  It's just that you will keep knowing, you know what is happening with you, so will you guys do this idea that I have given you guys device tweet SMS subscribe will help in platinum members in this regard but Normal subscription is to do it well and to get pregnant, how much should be there, starting from where is the ghee, in this way I will explain it to you very well. Like the video, share, subscribe the channel.