Hello friends, this is going to be a very deep video, you will understand it very much, you will like it, the audience is liking this kind of videos very much, that is why I have brought more videos, if you look at yourself, including yourself, we are mostly judgmental, but we are sometimes harmful.  If so, I will try to explain this thing with the help of a little astrology. You do not need to know the story nor do you need to believe much, but I would like to explain it to you by taking it as a benchmark. Take 20 as a criterion and try to understand that we take many things for granted and many things for below. For example, we say spirituality is a very good thing, everyone should do it. I myself am a student of spirituality, I am a student of Vedanta.  If I have a little knowledge, I share it with people. I am going to share it under that. You people have to see fast, which is our life karma, according to Sanatan Dharma, we make an accounting, so if anyone  If a person has enjoyed something well in some life or at some time, then he will do something else in the next time. If he wants to go towards salvation, if a man colors his hair in different ways, then it is okay for him to have colorful hair.  It is okay and he is doing it like this, if he is having trouble with it then you can guide him a little but if he is happy and everything is going well in his life then we should not judge him, many people think of us like this. He enjoys partying in his previous life.  I have done a lot of bhajan kirtan to them, you understand this and if you are doing this then maybe you do n't know what rituals to do in the past, we should not turn judgmental. Every child who is born has a soul of his own.  He has his own energy levels inside him which take him towards a direction, some like to eat, some like to play, some like to create something and that is a natural thing for him, we all like that.  One  Like we are busy making machines, whatever comes to us, we are being judgmental and busy preparing everyone at the same expense, just like our education system, you see, there are 40 children in a class, one teacher, one is teaching everyone like this. As I understood it, children, the four people in front said yes, I did not have the courage for the one behind, Madam, you did not understand anything, those who are sitting in front study your tuition, it is okay and we will get this opportunity or it can happen. We don't know that they are the children of very happy parents, but we did not understand because they are scared even at home level and they are made to understand that I will not give up in parenting at all and will not reach to the children, I am making it for adults only. Taking the example of children in the video, I had told that we should never turn judgmental, like my numerology has just started in the series, I got a very good review from you and it will continue in the future as well, to tell about the nirjies of every human being.  Who is under it will play its own game under the same, just like if there is a fish, it will go in the water and the bird will fly in the air, everyone has their own system, we cannot change many of them, if we tell the fish to start flying. So if you can't fly, you will get killed. Similarly, everyone has their own destiny. I am not a fool in recognizing it. I know that they do n't want such a thing as a time pass. There is something to learn.  From this I will connect in the upcoming video that we should never be judged, who is dressing how, who is eating what, who is getting kissed, who wakes up when he sleeps, how much we are judged, who should wake up early in the morning. No, everyone speaks, according to what time they speak, everyone has that body clock, you would be very against it, you would like the body color, you would forcefully get up, forcefully create the body, that is artificial.  To create an intelligent robot, like this one, two teams put good features in it and two teams have good nature, only then that energy comes. Number one, number two, number three, I was teaching you all and will teach you further, it is okay now because I don't feel like it.  I used to think that nowadays people have so much already so much content, I thought that people should think that they already know this by typing, but maybe the way I could explain it or the way you people understood it, there was so much love in it and I was filled with joy on behalf of you people.  I am this one  The video was made so that now I will go into the genre and give you those angles of life which are not hidden in the books. That too, you have to tell someone, who told you, from which all these things emerge automatically and connect them dot.  You can because by finding out the source of sound-noise-thinking everywhere etc. In a way, you understand that India invented zero. We know that zero was invented like this because we understand infinity as the infinity first then the  Zero is infinity, you divided by zero, anything divided by zero is infinity, if you put infinity here in the equation, then zero also comes here. Okay, if you want to understand, then if one can understand infinity, which is culture, then there is something which is existing but that.  I do it in a very simple way while staying at home without normal glasses and shirt because if I come wearing some kind of clothes or something then I know that he will switch.  They get turned off but people are interested in listening to things from people who can explain it at the level. I also listen to people but I have realized that their talks sound very good but they do n't understand and then they don't strike chord with the youngsters.  This is less today, all of you youngsters and those below 40 years of age are fine and those above are also fine, if you cannot relate then you will not listen, after that you do not understand it, and what you cannot explain, then after that.  You  Even if you do n't want to join, there is a lot of such knowledge of India which I feel is the old knowledge of our country which should reach the people, people should understand and someone should be able to explain it to them in a simple manner, so that effort of mine continued but today you Do something implementable in your life that never be judgmental on anyone because whatever person is doing, fairies are doing this, he is doing that, we start considering ourselves superior that if I don't do science.  and i do spirituality  If I talk about knowledge, then I am superior to him, I do not have any security that he is doing it, he is doing it, if he does it quickly then it is very good, but we should not be judgmental on him, we should not be on him only.  If he is doing wrong, if he realizes it or is taking your help, then it is okay by force, I will go and make up for it. Brother, saw the India-Pakistan match, what happened, then saw the first match, India won, then India lost, then why did they win?  Why beat him in the discussion match?  I don't see this kind of thing like 5 villain match but it passes through my ears and eyes that how much discussion will be done, how much analysis will be done, how much time will be wasted, then it will be told but whoever is doing it and who enjoys doing it.  I am not going to judge them, you are enjoying, you are enjoying discussing it, you do it, but when you reach a stage in life, you will not enjoy it or you will think, what happened?  I also wasted so much time You can come from back end brother, this thing is not right but like we should not turn judgmental because the movement is judgment, the next person stops thinking and just like I am, I am not judgmental, there is no judgmental look in the eyes. Another conversation.  Maybe it's good, tell me why it is not good because if you pass judgment on him immediately, then Baba, then Delhi parents would pass judgment on the spot. When they say that friend, it is just like this.  This is what you are doing is not right, I think so, if you leave the scope then it is possible that the child may try to tell you that he is the same ur c strike you do date and if you have butter logic then you can convince them and  If not, then become convinced that this conversation will happen only when you remove the judgment and if this conversation is not happening, then there is only one takeaway from this entire video that by not being judgmental, our communication remains. So there should be no judgment turn, we have to speak in the joint man but do not pass a judgment, nothing can be done to you, if he does this, then it is yours, you do not have to do that thing, you can just tell and if you are telling the job, then I am also the predicate.  Feeling of Doubt You can also tell that friend, we feel this way, tell me how are you feeling, baby he will come across something, a guy is busy exploiting the media, now you do n't know what he is doing on social media.  So money can also be earned, even if there are less good ones, just make blanket judgment on him, I do n't know if he is on the phone the whole day like me, if you have a platform like phone and social, then you are doing something domestic with it.  You can do something useful from it, you can spread something valuable from it, so now this is the message that I want to convey to you all, how should I do goshtiyan for individual judges, how should I do goshtiyan, today in the video I have told that  Don't even judge, this will last for many years as long as YouTube is there, there is a server, whoever wants to come can do it, so much technology is true, can anyone tell me one such thing that can save the time of 10% which is your basic, only on top of that  The rent is the same and the mines are there. If I tell you one small thing then it remains there and no one has to take it. Until the rules and regulations are changed, it will remain applicable till when. samjhaoge Now, if many people ask me some questions, then I am building a bank of so many videos, I forward them to him, watch this one, for how long will you tell whom, that is, social media is also a good thing because in this space, people are the most judgmental.  If there is a basic idea in this life, please don't be a judgment tree, you should empathize, why is the next person doing the actions he is doing, does he want to take from someone and will make someone angry, is there any benefit in it?  You do n't know you don't know because you don't have that exposure so head this benefit of doubt and meaning give this benefit of doubt you respect person and give when he your six you give you come across and oil's han also according to me this thing  hey thank you