Hello friends, you should invest in the stock market indirectly and directly and there are different apps for it from different people, many people mess with people on YouTube, put these things well, then that money from Mauritius is your question, subscribe here.  You can also buy time and subscribe, but when we click on that time, then our family members come to know that there is a solution which I hope you know by subscribing about it.  If you want a market like share, then you will buy this. Okay, so in this, his company which is now sitting is Amazon, he invests in 10 12 companies and 42 43, his last rate was going on, so if you people want to invest then this is a  The method of adopting this note is that you buy shares and use them daily, but there is no such thing that unites you, this subscribe, I wanted to tell you that in the upcoming videos, there will be zero on the share market also.  Questions will be on how things are and will also be on time belief things. So if you want all this then you can write me orders in the comment section below and write in Delhi Fashion that you want all these things and some more.  There are topics which are close to my heart, if I am going to tell you today, if you are interested in all those topics, then I will read something, you tell me according to those numbers, in the order you want, then the topics of about 10 videos which are  I speak and I will speak according to numbers, so John, if you like the top three then please write. It is okay, then the first topic is Nepotism is gold and how can we learn from it. This is a contra topic. If normal people do not like it then  The first video is this, if you like it then write it. The second one is Bad Marriage in Investing. If the marriage is bad then what happens to the investment and what happens to the economy and the individual.  What are these topics, marriage in investing and 10,000 all original topics will never be found even by Google, nothing will be found, it is completely original, the third topic is a panacea to improve your marriage, whoever has trouble in their marriage and it happens very often.  You know, okay, so if you liked this third topic, then write it, it is a panacea for solving all the problems of marriage.  It gets solved. Okay, the fourth topic is Papa's business. If it is Papa's business, then you have to run it like this. On top of that, a little money will not help everyone, but if there is one topic, then the fourth topic will be taken up. Okay, the fifth topic is about the bank.  How to buy property with option, which site is it and how much material is there in it, this is my password topic, banks which take over the properties, then it is ok, then my topic is 66. 11:00 Thanks for you.  Should be good for child western dresses, this is my small topic, if your child is touching 18 years, then what are the 11 things you should do? Okay, after that on numerology numbers, if you want video on numerology, video on which number.  Like, whatever kind of video you want, I will make a video on Numerology also, okay this will be my seventh, okay this will be my eighth, I want to make a series for middle class people, I will make a small video of 545 videos. What are you middle class people doing the most wrong at the thought process level that you have to break? What are the working middle class people doing at the hot process level that is stopping them from moving forward in life? So this is my  Will it be today's topic or the topic is my line up and is there any other normal problem, is it okay that your hands are very important in the ninth topic, now the big mistakes which is the most of the human, our ladies.  The biggest mistake that women, mothers, sisters and daughters are making in using the carrier is that some servants and devices may be required but they are all doing it, only everyone is doing it, so people don't even know that it is a big mistake. This topic is very close to my heart. This will remain closed, this will be the ninth number, so if you all put two or three tops in the order in which they come, in that folder, I will tell you which ones are interesting and the tenth one is my favorite one, the video of onion and garbage.  Okay, you will get to learn all the knowledge of life. Okay, so that will be my tenth video, so now as the medium is new from me, I am getting some energy to tell things from inside again, so I would like to make all these videos very soon.  Which of these will you like? Tell me this thing. Things will also be told on the stock market. Do someone's IPO. If you don't like it, then next it is not there. Recommendations. Okay, we are also registered with the note but this is what has come out.  It was just to give information. Okay, palm oil is very expensive. Okay, many things are getting expensive. See what you can buy in the stock market. Do some research on the prices of which things will increase due to the infection. One of the shares  The hint is that the companies which have the pricing power to pass on the money to the consumer by increasing the fall price which is in balance then I think they should be doing well.  A Small Companies These Small SMS Players Will Travel Their Market Cap Cap Whatever They Have They Will Capture This Is Hawaii Sea Things Happening Right Behind Gunas Director Recommendation Which Have Suggested I Want To Tell And Want To Make Content Given More Interesting I Will Make More Inclusive  And I will chat a little, like Virender Sehwag's batting was a triple century, okay then what will be such things that you will enjoy.  Just increase the number of people subscribe, there is a request in the friend circle and within the family, 2030 children should subscribe because I am different from people, we keep watching the time pass, he broke up with her, you will do such things, you will not be able to become rich in life. Money is very important, people say that happiness is important, but I say that money will come happily in your next 2030, you become a sponge and do things, get information about all things, I am very happy to tell. I come in the videos made two months ago, which the developers could not find in the Economic Times. I was very happy to hide it along with me in the dip area, because you guys are definitely the audience. If you had watched that video one and a half-two months ago, it would have felt great to have heard it.  If someone wants to listen to my video and searches on it and it gets published later, then it is better that you tell things before they appear in the newspaper, because I do not read newspapers, then subscribers like you send me that, Sir, look, you have made a video.  Was  This is published in your newspaper, I don't know mine, he published it after seeing this or after knowing that it is the different things but the content will remain interesting. In the coming time, you are connected to these topics. I have made them, please write in the comment section. Which one do you understand thank you hey a