Hello friends, job series video, 500 income group, husband and wife, both are money earners, I will tell you in a very short shot, if you understand a little bit, then I can tell you openly in further videos, because double income group is still only 20 in our India. % couples are maximum dependent on city, city, hand veer wisftok society block, only 20% of married people have double income, so if you have double income then this phone  In the debt segment, I will tell you three or four things that are useful. Most of the issues that come up in the double income group are the actresses in marriage. I work as a family counselor because of this. Point number one is that the husband is too busy in the job and the wife is not used to it.  It may be as it sounds. What is the problem in this situation? A woman is a working woman, she may be attracted to such a person, if he is from the same organization.  If he is doing very well, then the one who is doing very well will automatically have ambitions. Those of you who are in the government service, you will understand what I am saying that those who say the same have done the same course, got recruited, got the same training.  It can be any one among themselves, government employees can be any two, those who have gone to one off medicine, there are many organizations there, this is a big cause of confusion, there is no ready-made solution to it, issues are coming up.  I am telling that because man, when the ambition is very high and the woman also works, then who will take care of the house? This is a huge space and women are crushed in it and I have seen so many crushed because children, she speaks, she does the job, she also takes care of the house.  And he wants to cheer in his job, okay Jai ho, okay, it can happen in corporate also, okay, when a man starts earning a lot of money, then don't even leave the job, you are a guest with me, so today only.  Itna Hi Hind Ho This is the trailer of my double [ __ ] group but I have so much data and in a best way I can explain how life is not life because my previous video was to tell the ladies to do a job, work and earn money.  Do it, so when I push, I am making everyone double income. I am making a group, so I want to put everyone in the double income group. You, I have to prepare them also because there are many people who are skin hair tips. afraid of them  If women are not able to work, then do you guys, my audience, want me to tell you very openly about this? If you give maximum likes in this and there will be a demand in the comment section, then I will tell you 10-15 sutras for people of double income group to follow.  Like, I am closing by telling a sutra, the suffering will have to be reduced, husband and wife will have to inhale both of them too well. Fix dare is not doing.  Well in kariye naukri to naukri hai ultimate you are in the well and when you are in love with lord will not doing well s achcha ok in the world is not doing well inch so subscribe there you have to be smart if you very good  If you want to do this then the condition of your house will be unstable. The money will remain with you but you will not be able to enjoy the money. If it is applicable for saving and investing then I will follow the same formula. Seeing that too, without explaining it completely, I am leaving you here with a video of four and a half to five minutes. I have a request to you that Guru Tattva will be burnt properly, if a little bit of that, how can I, the poet, become a medical shop, then I have it.  It gives very good information about what to do for exams but I really do n't know how many of my 14000 subscribers are from Double Income Group by Rally. Don't have any data. So if not then why am I making such a big video on this.  Make it, but if there are many of you then we have great solutions, thank you very much.