Hello friends, today I would like to give a very deep message to many people through this video. I feel that some or the other knots will be opened, some or the other will be resolved. This is a story which is a very good story in our Hindu mythology and I am giving it another take on it.  I want to take it away, that story is complete in itself, I ask him some religious questions and he is not asking, many people think that he gets hurt, such a thing will not happen, there is a story of Shivji and Parvati ji.  In which there is Ganesh ji and Karthikeya ji in which it is said which is the better child. You must have heard that they also say that the one who comes after traveling around the world three times will be better. Have you heard the story in which Karthikeya is  Let's go to take a tour of the real world and Ganesh ji takes three rounds of Mata Parvati and Shiv ji and says this. So we know this story, its message is that parents are the whole world and it is a very good message.  We  I have heard a lot that it is a good thing, I accept it, I am not doing it, but another follow out of the story is that it is very bad to literally listen and understand what the parents say and act beyond that, because now I call it its spin away spin.  Like they say, what story happened after this or what is happening in the world because it is so clear what is happening in real life and people are traveling more, there are two children, it can be anyone, I will not go on gender, two children. talk according to  There is a child, he works, studies, works hard, is doing work that takes him three times around the world, it is okay because in this world it is difficult to earn money, it is difficult to become capable, it is difficult to stand on one's own feet, it is difficult to become the monetary support of the parents.  In a sense that I am not giving them anything but am also not taking anything from them and what happens normally among the parents, which is a standard format of Indian parents, I have seen that out of two children, one child is doing well and the other one is not doing very well.  let's take care of him And the one who is not doing very well will remain with the parents in the default setting, he will not go anywhere else and the one who remains with the parents is still roaming around, you understand that now the parents are serving him more in the story.  I am bringing a twist in that, literally forget the story that Su had told in the beginning, now I want to show you that one has entered the race for a long time and the other is staying there and in reality he has not worked hard.  have done in life Actually, she does not make us struggle but she is giving the same feeling to the parents or she is not even giving it to the parents but the parents are taking it as brother, it does not look like this to us, she says Namaste every day, makes tea, she makes something genuinely. One thing he is doing but it is visible, we will help him in raising his children, we will accommodate him in the house, we will support him in every way, and the other thing he is doing, and that may be the story which is played out, some more help too.  Tax  You may have been there at some point in your life and then the story goes on for 10-20 years. His wife and his wife, if there are boys, son-in-laws or any other work, you can take any one, but you understand what I want to say.  Then when they move ahead in their life for 10, 15, 20 years and then they feel that man, I have been around them only three times and I am roaming around the world because they had said this, then they will say ok.  yours  Didn't know about that story meaning it's okay so he did n't know about it, so many people are being fooled by this, I want to ask this and tell you that if you are having an identification then you should ask it, it is not that the world's  You are just circling and it took 20, 22, 25 years of circling, then ask what do you want, how much do you want and what is the feeling and why don't I get it or what is wrong with us, what mistake have we made that we got this punishment, okay then a little abstract.  If you understand a little, then it would be fun for you to tell me. I am doing a relationship course for lunch. Amazing notes will open after Diwali. Those people were asking me something, is it just husband, wife, boy, girl and no, no relationship, so no one. All relationships are relationships. Relationship is a big thing otherwise I would have called marriage only. If husband was wife then all relationships are because of our whole life.  The pain is coming from the relationship itself. It will be challenging. There will be many classes for that. If you want to enroll then you must write and some times it is intelligent to ask parents. Are you traveling around the world and have already received that award?  If you are living there then stop hanging around there and learn from the story, because this is how Indian parents think, this is how these stories run in the society, they are considered good, whatever is considered like this.  If you go then understand that this thing is ok and there are many different types of solutions in it. You must have thought that in this video I will tell you exactly that it will come according to your personal life situation and many templates and sub templates will come out.  How it works out in the real life: If you are suffering from this thing, three rounds of the world and three rounds of parents, then please tell in the comment section.  These are abstract short videos but one is meant to wake you up a bit It's Happening Thank You