Hello friends, this is a video about Dwarka Expressway, some time lines for those who have taken property and those who want to take Dwarka Expressway, some further predictions for them and an attempt to remove some misconceptions. Please share this video to land. If you are the factors party, which I told you in the beginning, first of all we will discuss about the rates. I have hit the AC 2 tier rates by 9.5 thousand and are going towards 10.  I had predicted in my video in August last year that he will be a figure of ten thousand rupees this Diwali. AC 2-tier, you have to see in this, don't think less, y1 construction and brand will be his thing. Well, according to me, he will be there long ago.  Will touch but there is a shot till Diwali, now I go ahead and test a little more that this Samsung Mini AC with two tier will hit above Rs 12 thousand by the next Diwali which is in 2023, so now in this  Don't be confused because AC-1 has already started hitting Rs 13000 so the size of the rooms is getting smaller in the market. People are making fun of the rooms but this is the truth of life. Look at the size of the rooms in Mumbai and look at the rates.  This market is accepting because the market is saying that there is support only in location, location, location, location, if you open a packet of popcorn and the location is your house.  If you cook it in the kitchen and in the microwave, it can be prepared for ₹ 10, but if you see a good cinema hall with IMAX in this location, the same thing is priced at 300-400, the reason you call it a thing is that it is in the pocket, that much, a pack or one is worth ₹ 10.  You can get it at home but brother, I am eating, you eat food, location, today I am telling you as an example, not but it promotes settings, Amity Total, liquor from liquor contracts.  He brought it to his house, opened the pack of liquor, met four friends and searched for his peanuts and whatever he was eating and drinking, then this program will be available at your rate, the location is of your house, you are sitting on the bed of your house, this is the location.  When you change the purchase even for a week, there is disturbance in the disco disco disco where it is fine, then look at the rate of this thing, what happens, now after going there the man sat there and said, what are you doing, let's do it there.  Go for Rs 250 and you will get three flights which are bigger than what is available in Dwarka Expressway. At that rate, you can understand that you are getting a flat on Dwarka Expressway but Dwarka Expressway is at a distance of 5 to 7 minutes from the Delhi border.  90210 If you take a flight of this latest under construction My One Brand Player between 15 sectors, then the flight will be bigger than its size and then on that day you will get in Bhiwadi.  So take it, if that argument makes sense to you because the whole game, brother, is that address, address, address, add address next to it, then the rate will be different, if New York is added, then Tala Gurjar put Manhattan in New York too, and it will be different.  Now tell me, go inside Manhattan in a minute. If you go inside Manhattan, then the new generation I do not want to go, the system that was developed in it was called tube, they used to call metro as biometric death, so it used to run.  At a speed of 100-150, people used to live at a distance of one hour, so the military area is only a kilometer away. Now the generation that is not ahead is that the explanation of America is that I will stay in the location in the center, okay, it is very expensive for me.  Will buy and joint three shops. People like to live in flats with 320 280 square feet carpet. Everything should be returned as soon as the button is removed. Okay, that thing reached the office while leaving, so why the whole eco system? Saying that people should not waste their lives in commuting, marriages, children are getting late and if they are getting late then that is the period which people between 22 to 35 years of age need to live only, after that we will see that it will become wings and it will become a little.  People will take 2BHK and people live in a minimalist style these days. No, that generation is holding its own, the T-shirt has become old and has thrown away four, the shoes have become old, the factory is one and a half, that generation is not blocked.  Used to do things due to which things do not go, those who get mixed, whose middle fail increases, Madhya Pradesh, you understand that the lower middle part goes to Madhya Pradesh, from this they think that tomorrow I will fit in that point, I will be in this suit.  I will get fat, those blouse feet will come which will never come but they keep them with care, they will get interest on the skin, if they become so similar then their rooms will seem small because in your mind, you want your furniture to be according to your own. that 3 lakh four  A new item worth lakhs is not bought from you, hence if you take 60-70 lakhs towards buying an expensive thing, then this thought process is getting changed in Dwarka Expressway. This is a very big Khattar in this story and many people say different things about this thing.  Talking about density, if you drink 3.5 inches, then if someone tells you that in sugarcane juice, there is one total press, there is one loop, there is a loop and it is rotated again and again, like the hot one goes in the mixer, then brother, if something is mixed with four  The bar can be raised, juice can be extracted in the machine and the government will be reduced, love will make the builder, then the old comments of love are removing their plaster, this is an issue in life, so you have to see which one to take, mia1 construction guy handed over. This is the author of the day with the increased density, it will increase further and not decrease because like there are many votes and not 500 meters, if it is less then 3.5 after that.  By writing its average, it goes to 1.5. If the project is in the middle, then it comes in the middle, then you will not get 120 to 130 per acre on flight 7580. Now people say many people in this and it is tasty and affordable to me.  Beautiful number one player Steve has seen charity in everything. This taste is important. But vision can be understood in another way. If affordable has tasty dates but tower is its height.  There are 14 storeys and eight towers, so a person cannot even breathe there, but if I increase the premium to 235 floors and reduce the towers, then at least there is physical space available for me to roam around. You will see the same difference in the coming time, so you have to understand the density, now we will have to find a new time, for this I will have to find a new formula for it. For you people, the old formulas are available in the Real Estate Education Series. Go to Playlist Playlist Education Series Everything in it is Marg Glass There is a lot of knowledge 10 12 14 There are videos If you have not watched then your real estate education will be left then you will ask some questions in the flying bus then you will come.  This will be in the Times. My research is also on this Guru. If you think about it then the concept is clear in your mind. I told you, brother, tell me one thing. I found 10 people in a room. Okay, one room.  I caught one and made 10 people stand. Now those men are standing. If I write 65, then there will be a buffalo. Now I will tell every man to climb on the shoulder of the other person, then five pairs have been formed. Five pairs have been formed, right now, man.  There are 10 of them and I make them stand in the same order in the corner of the east wall, you here, you here, you here, I can also keep a table in the middle, I can also keep furniture, stop anything, it will create space, so this is architecture, this is designing. And this is what will happen further, you will have to set up one in Mumbai and one in Deccan. Societies come between the same number of land parcels, the old one had a cotton mill, some of the old one had a bungalow, if it gets broken, then you society will come and you will take flight there.  If three and a half hundred to four and a half hundred then check the average density test on 300 flats in Mumbai, where your Virat Kohli, Anushka ji and such top Shahid Kapoor ji and whatever you have, check it tasty. How many of them have no shortage of money? 6565 If you buy a flat of ₹ 70, then you will be able to put things in perspective and these things are changing, the sizes of all the things are getting smaller, from your shampoo bottles to Maggi packets. Bottle of jam packets, your behavior, whatever you do, soap, bath, anything, it will reduce the weight by 7%, increase the price by 4-5%, you will not even realize if 18 makes the thing 19.  Someone gave 5.2 percent, got angry and increased the 68th gram Katha to 6 grams, then eleven percent, the total product increased by fifteen percent and the customer did not even know. This is called violin from 10am. How many of you are calling from this?  If you know drums, then write below, if you know, if you know the quality, then write also, okay, and those who type Beast Boy from Google on Google, mental mental. How did you like this video of using Mental Mental? Please share, like and subscribe the channel. If you have bought it, I will say it again and again. Okay, hold on to yours and keep it for 5 years. You subscribed. I know at that time.  If you don't want to sell your property then keep this subscribe folded that if someone has bought then you are holding the village. This is exactly what I am doing. If the Reliance people do nothing, if the hotel people do nothing then all these builders should increase their rates.  If there is nothing together then why can't we get customers from ginger green, if there will be loss to others then there will be loss then you can buy it too, why can't you say that you have bought these two tier ACs at whatever rate you have bought them, people are coming and now there is a huge problem.  There will be a section of people whose fast you will increase and they will show the birthday pits, they will fill water on the Dwarka Express, the government will be on December 24th June also comfortably, that December score of one in every 2 months, he goes to tell. What would he say to that, he does n't stop the cold coffee as if it were peeping down, then he kills the mixture, it will be deleted after six months and people will play on that patience only, do n't know when it will be made, when it will be made and then many brothers will forget it as if they will run away.  Then the wind blows, hey, how much are you getting in real terms? The builder will get fed up and say, the man who sent it for consideration out of compulsion or because of his stupid interpretation, there will be some situation in the house like this, the dress was rated towards China in birth, you are  It is understood that in shares, if any one share was based on a very low price and who bought it, that price is fine, but in illiquid shares, this display is not done in small companies. Short Story Preservative Unemployed Dasharath Allotment Trading  Neither did it take any form, the market becomes digital and if the registry in it was any other rate then we would never have known. It is okay in flats, at least the builder is late, the allotment letter is late.  If it is his cigarette, you know that it is his cigarette that you have bought. Basic price, DCIDC position, recharges, GST, legal charges are also written in it. So brother, add everything, then you keep it because when you have to sell it.  Everything will disappear and then the rate of square feet will come up in the market. I am starting two-three campaigns and I need your support further on that. I am changing the carrot. And on this also you guys can watch the video.  will get  Please like and share this. Thank you.