That Namaskar, President of Dwarka, I am making this video for those who have properties in Dwarka and those who are living in Dwarka. For the first time, I am making it for such a select audience, but I am addressing it to them. Listen, you all too, it is okay to taste it. And it's people also of the friendship par hoon aa by property song Dwarka Expressway and that's the audience little and addressing the table very Dwarka wala Dwarka residents ne five and ban raha  Dwarka Expressway has issues on it, we are trying our best to delete it by arresting them, this is first order cutting, second order, what is happening, you are becoming as much as you are because today I am the number one playlist charity giver.  It is certain that those who tell him one thing are two types of kids, who consider writing as their voice and are living on rent after selling their property, have booked on Dwarka Expressway or have tested positive and others.  It is for that age group whose likes are full of bitterness. Those whose Mars is in the sixth house in the horoscope are fine. You enjoy fighting. Something is getting light. Hold your tail and stick to the four trees. It is fine and big trunks. You try to do something, nothing will happen but I am telling everyone else that rs.8000 is the tweet rate, the secret of Dwarka Expressway was under construction, my one brand is the corn of players, the rate of recruitment party is fine.  If so, it is broken like this, ODI player 8055 is favorite, you all know that next Diwali 2022, the rate will increase to Rs 10,000, I have to do my Jaipur district when Bigg Boss starts telling me to open it, normally I make this only for premium subscribers.  I do n't do all the things in coupon public, I wanted to ask, but today I felt like it because the money is coming like this, then back cutting will have to be done, not like this anywhere.  Ball WhatsApp favorite, if you hit chutney, 8000 rupees will become 10. People of Dwarka, your note is nine and a half thousand, it will remain the same forever, when black and yellow taxis are about to be saved, if you feel bad then forgive me, my relatives have also reached here. Close relatives have so many relatives that they can note that chapter when they are so close and such everyday friends are dying, they are exiting, they have committed suicide, they will break up. In ten-fifteen-twenty 25 years and then if you get some more weight, then it is okay, the rate will increase but those who are sitting with what they had bought, the price was six, explain the flight, put spice in their soul by 4 marks because they had tried the land and a promise.  Do you build a house with the money you have earned? Then brother, when you are sitting with a soul worth Rs 5 lakh and today you are weighing a project which even the Prime Minister has an eye on and you are trying, you must be trying for nothing, okay?  you need your husband  I am wondering whether I should do it right or whether I am doing something wrong, that nothing is going wrong, adding connectivity expressway will be beneficial for Dwarka as well, but the problem in Dwarka is that due to old age, it will take longer to reach T3A.  That much your traction will reach in 21012 minutes. One pillar below the cold, that of five kilometers is being built. Yesterday I said this, this was Jaitley's address, news like this in life 2  Even in 4-6 months, that person probably will not be able to achieve the merger. He will not get anything to stop the growth of the country. The NHI has transplanted as many trees as it has, why it has a big foot in itself, that is, the Delhi government which is from a different party and the other government is a job-seeking party.  They agreed among themselves, but there are some society members, I don't know which West, who are particularly interested in it. If the interest is not heavy, then go ahead, friend, it is causing loss.  There is half of the loss in the fight, of course, we are the ones who mean saliva when the consumer and but brother, you are not suffering any loss, who does not understand this and he is associated in this campaign and I can join me in it.  I will explain that any loss of yours should be brought everywhere by Dhinchak and in life there is no loss anywhere in Gurgaon. The residents have a deep loss. It becomes a flavor even from the commercial onwards. If the company does not suffer such a huge loss then you can make a normal dedication.  The technical quality of his one small thing for suicide was holding him back and told him that these are two types of rolls and it was 11 City Road, so there was no need to take enrollment clearance because the road is existing and Delhi High Court allows spin bowling.  Now you are not saying that this is not a vision, there will be something else, so for this it needed quality, that is, it is a childish work, the one who understands these things, he understands all that what it is, the one who understands all that, then it is common.  What is the take away for the man, friend, you can become the lesson of this because the government will put itself first, there will be governments below, the government will put first, the thing will work, but what does the common man have to understand that Dwarka is Dwarka Expressway? What does he have to understand that brother who is black and yellow?  Taxis will be made. Now if I appoint Dwarka's society for this, then I don't like it. The date of broadcast is the name of the society. How is his face free and what is he looking at? By doing this I will show that it is not a lie.  That photo of your society was given by the apps and the residents of yours who are my subscribers, so if this goes a little further then I think I also do not want to do it in super because that is why I created a separate system with premium subscribers so that my  This is ultimately to benefit the people and not to harm anyone. So, the aim of Mehndi Design Channel is that one does not climb up by placing a foot on someone's shoulder, tell them, make them understand, but when some people do not believe because here  Shahjahan is so intelligent, okay he also has a very famous YouTube channel, he is spreading so much awareness, everyone is telling everyone about the government that they are going to build flyovers and Dwarka Expressway to make everyone understand that there should be nothing wrong.  If it is being done in a good way, then the things are being done in a nominal way, then how are the plants of Delhi Government Officer unappreciated, how are they respected, how much is their survival, great purchase, adventure, then things are being done in a nominal way, sometimes.  There is an increase in adequate amount of money for the life of our country. Okay, if Mahesh Bhatt gives then brother, there is someone to bat from the other side of the story too. Okay, so today I have told you that the number of societies in Dwarka is four times that of you people.  There will be no rate increase anywhere, as the people going from here are corrupt, the same things will happen to the people going to Jhansi, the population of Dwarka will come from here, all the lives, everything will not be available, okay, whatever place, the mood at your door and  all this sector vector  Overall, it is okay, if out of 16, 1 lakh 60 thousand ten percent people want to shift near this press, then 40 thousand flat Singh has drunk 25 daaru, that is it possible for us, so this agreement is not there, you are one and a half crore of Dwarka 2. You will not come after selling crores of rupees to the forest lying here. If you come then in the same level matter, you are of the same level as this flight, so you can imagine the rate where you will go. The rate I have told you is super. Area Pet A Thousand Rupees Were Left and Daddy's 102 Dwarka Express, Upper Dwarka Expressway, which is the points between your address and 115 Sector, which are closed and are under construction. If I had told you their rates, yours here would have been ten fifteen percent great.  It will fall and here it will increase by twenty-five percent, then there is a margin of 35 cents, so you see what decision you people take and the rest of the people are affected. In this direction, I am set in the country or abroad in the method of making tea or Jhalar becomes the National Capital Territory of India, hence I do not hesitate to make Noida and Greater Gurgaon my own, so now I will come to our thoughts, that definitely goes.  So I will say actor including banta, ok, research is going on on it, ok, there are ads, I felt this one is very important, if you guys support it, I will feel very good, like, comment, share. All the stakeholders and you who are from Dwarka, if you feel bad after hearing this from me, then I would request you not to dislike it, we will discuss it, let's communicate. Okay, Dwarka is a very good place. Those 25 years have passed, understand that it is a green destination for the middle class.  All the schools are just set up, all the highly trained ones are selected and the soul of your flats is now having issues in it. I am a Chocolate Vitali which was made in 1919, this one was made in Gurgaon in 2012 or the one made in 2011, it will be good, the liquid has been improved, you are right, if it is good then there will not be that much theft, I will kill it even if it does not buy the light 10 12 4th 1520 He has got hair solid but make it safe from India and second one is eminent inside this, you people don't even know that at that time he  It was a holiday of the world that like on this day you become double, I become a lion. These are the facts in Gurgaon. Today's affordable housing mantra is like what happened to our concept, we are indies and products are more in this, inter forever plated yaar ke bhi there, that too.  No, because a very small Reena is tasty, so this quota is called 100 grams, of course, we are all one, okay, so I did not want to do this versus S8 Pade Khlu.  Return with SAD to Russia, pack your bag, sincerity and I want to give this advice that see this thing is happening, if the play is being muted in the village then no one will come leaving the pride of smoke party and their meter testing and OBC support.  What we need is such an obscene fabric cummerf ad that there are many vaccines here, but if this is a campaign, then my request to the people of Dwarka is that if you tell people that they are doing this then I will  What is the problem, we suggest that if you make us compromises with you and if we are not able to convince us tomorrow, then what others are saying is absolutely right because in this, you people and the people of Dwarka are also at a loss.  If there is a mark, then understand it a little holistically, this video should end up being like this and I have not made it very controversial because when