Hello friends, the focus in Gurgaon real estate has shifted to Dwarka Express, Parmesan's impending launch of valuation of very big boys, would you have any idea how much will be, what will happen, people will praise it completely and D market is being brought to a halt, Ruby Roy, it has happened before also.  A little more is going, she will not discuss it, she will praise this project, I will also do a little if the world does as much but I am such a real estate teacher when Bigg Boss asks me.  I have found a very good topic for teaching and learning, I want to capture it and cover the remaining 24 projects. I will do this webinar, I will do a free winner, I will do it on Thursday and Friday, which will be on 9th February, 10th February-11th February. I will do it at the flesh level.  I want to know how you want to join, how can you understand, I will explain it in details, there will be only one product in a day, okay, there are three products to count, let's travel around the world on Saturday and Sunday in a car.  It's okay on a broken road, after wiping away the dust from the wife and children, we will have to go there. Okay, so you are not buying a suit, you will have to go, but if you want to go and see what the template is, then I will cover that thing.  Those who want to attend can join and type free webinar on WhatsApp so that they can do Dun &amp; Bradstreet once because many people of mine said that you are not that on YouTube. What do you not do? Need a photo, what is this, I will tell you, everything is white and black, black white, it is like ghee, it is right that there are teeth and this is this, someone or the other lives in this, some expensive thing, they are good at that thing.  I will explain to you that it will be complete, complete details will be given, the biggest charity that no one gives is the inventory that does not give, how much goods are sold, how many children, further facts, investment has to be done for that, investment has to be done for both the things.  First you have to do front use, maybe you have to sell something or take a loan, everything will be explained because 1098 shooting should be effective but it is not there right now, this is the plan, so you have some plan.  There is a plan to expand till Vali, okay, so understanding the plant is not only difficult, it is becoming impossible like Dawn, okay, it takes too much time, so I would like to tell you about these three products and I have stayed on Thursday and Friday.  So whoever you want to join, please take out time from diet, job which gives money is fine but take off the time is a time, I will check it, okay and now a telegram group has been formed to subscribe to which give the link here.  I will tell you that platinum members have a separate group, their private group and invites are different, this is a slightly different matter, okay, adding that, a different process is going on, but for normal subscribers, which is  There are no platinum members, in this video the link of a telegram group will be shared, you join that telegram group and there it will be shared to you, okay, share it and WhatsApp me, WhatsApp me if you are interested.  Without that, I will leak both the things that this person is for this person and which person is for that person, then I will fold in that the timings of the maximum number of people as per convenience which is afternoon or evening, whatever time. 70% of all the people towards whom I am inclined, I will do it, it is okay, normally, I can stomach a lot and paid baby is nice, nor do I do these four wheels, time is running out, so if you did not tell me now, then when did you tell me?  So the matter will be over and then rate soldier and other things will happen friend year ending is the best time for both of them to be real estate because builders and subscribe the form is from top to bottom that in the serial its good Before showing, he started talking like debit user name list play recent activity based quarter off, as he said before, he had done it with DB Reality a few days ago, I had dropped that subscription, so this statement has to be shown, whichever company you work for.  By doing this, it is the last chance to do the last quarter number. It is very good, I want to help in this meeting, otherwise it would have been too much, so I please did Wife Husband Wife with my wife.  If you are not able to subscribe, I will send you a text message, whenever you want from the wedding night, you will request Kapil Sood to join. If you parents also want to subscribe in the decision making, then you have to give it to them, okay Meghnad, I have done it for myself, let's know but for him too.  Limited because while doing it there may also be a cross, so please you people will be informed about this thing. Subscribe and be a subscriber of the channel, this is my request.  If you want to subscribe then you can