Hello friends, today I am bringing the first video of my Dwarka Expressway series. This topic is very close to my heart. Speaking on Joint Express brings a smile on my face. I am very fully supporting this road and this area in the next 10 to 15 years. Will be the best performing market in real estate in the country and today I have brought this video on a different pattern which you will understand if you watch the entire video, in this I will explain to you after sometime and After printing the matrix, I will show you its actual on ground video, so the first one is my attempt, this may be a little technical challenge because I am making the first one like this, how will you guys like it, please give feedback, I am starting Dwarka Express.  But Sector-10A6 was the biggest sector till 109th and today it has three commercial spaces coming up above Dwarka Expressway, out of which OCR of one has been done and I will tell you about it.  I will show you the map, I will explain it and you will also get to see its video from India. You will get to see my chapter note. The project is ready in this, two to six people of ATS are left. Caladium project is a small project. Next flight is a tree. People, what is the condition of Laker?  Raza is 58th, people are living in the background, people are living Chintal, so that whatever is there, people are living and the painter is also under construction project, Chintan is a celebrity inside it, due to which the police of two-three towers have cooled down, the rest are under construction.  There is construction, there is ATS deposit, there is this next to this and there is Shubh Ka Khayal Blouse, inside this sector and in between all these, as they say, there is a small flat in the middle, there is a tower in AP Express which is affordable housing.  They need very good luck, there is a water training project in this sector, there is nothing available in it because its drop was done a year ago, most likely its performance should come by the end of this year, so this is the leg. On Sector-119 Dwarka Expressway, Prime Minister Modi ji has also told Gadkari ji in which it is being said that the competition for phase three and phase four of September 22nd completion will be in the middle of June according to me and in that till November-December according to me.  Mine is open which I see on the ground and understand and I will show you in the video also. It is 150 meters wide than the express which I will show you in the video is 190 meters. This is because of its  There were 3030 meters on the left and right and if the road is being built, then what we are seeing today is the concrete question of one of the roads, one is medical from there and the other is the meter which is being built in a short time, after that 3030 meters will be built so much. You have to create such that there is a runway, only then you can blend Heer Ranjha. You must have seen that the runway is only of meter, when one makes an appointment, then the bread of three runways is that.  Dwarka is on the express and the meaning of the text is that the wind is running on a pillar in the air. Standing on a pillar above, the first one is on the express. So let's see and you have to give feedback that I will show it in the map Sector-10 Noida. Now I will tell you.  Then I will start this video from here on the ground, in front of the first one which is this mall, I will show it, there is news next to it, I will show it and next to that, India also has a commercial, I will show that too and this is yours below.  Enigma is also visible once the apartments and the role of this one, I will also show this road which is going up, I will also show how wide it is, Calcium project is built, ATS is built in this sector, there is Euro International School.  Rahegi 18 is ready, Gyan Anand School is Brisk Lambani Karke project, it also has two products of Chintan, Enter Construction and Ready to Move In, it is tasteful and original, the channel behind it is Pretty which is being built.  And this subscribe has run away from them, it has become such a great location for affordable, this is the luxury of Shobha International City. Below and above that, Shobha International City is in Sector 108 and this is on Centimeter Road. Then we will come down and this is commercial.  Will come, I will do aroma and show on it, a commercial will come here also, a technical will be found on this road, yes but it will be technical, it will be found that this is my first item to be shown like this, at that time this will keep  Getting Better will get the technical here and then I will show it again from Dwarka Expressway to you guys, which set of malls, so this is the first one I will show you and after that I will take you to the road coming from Bajgheda, from the front of Mahindra and which leads to 700, the intersection there is the junction of Dwarka Expressway and this one, I have made a video standing here, from here I will show you Mahindra and the whole diplomatic game and what work is being done on this one road, it is under  A very big one is being built nearby, under the Dwarka Expressway, this is the location of Result 400, this is the location of Zara Roza, it is Sector-12, this one above has been built, that location of hatred, affordable housing is going down and this road is very wide and whatever  I have drawn on one side the targets are that here and this target is that and on the right side this is the Tata La Vida project, the target is that is ready. Vida is an under construction project and the wedding work of this road is going on at a fast pace. Now we will see this loot in Sector-14. This is pure commercial initial sector. Here the corporate park of the channel is ready. A very big building is already standing.  Just look at the appointment, it is 300 meters away and this commercial sector and this corporate will be completed soon. In this way, you will complete your institutional and see this right from the Delhi border.  How many offices here and how many opportunities are there in the coming time which is Sector 80 Sector 4 of Gurgaon which is here from Quarter Expressway Z Then I will show you one more space here there is 13 Sectors and more commercial is coming in these thirteen sectors m3m  This is a shop or shop, it is already used, a lot of bookings have been done, a huge commercial space has been taken out, this is what I have allotted and in the future there will also be societies here. FIR will come here, they will get more, 3.5 inch project will go far ahead here, I am standing inspector 109 add in front of you can see 06 India Bulls Anima project, I am standing in front of consent mall which you can see that it is ready.  Its OCR has been done, its service apartments are visible above it and it is looking bright. Here you can see the calcium project. There is gas behind it. If you go straight, you will come to Shobha City. It is 1.5 Kms from here, you are looking at the road, it is half roll, it is the same on the other side of the divider, so it is a very wide road, you can see that this area which is open, distresses 65 views, you are standing and in this area.  Technopark will come, going ahead there is police commercial area, whatever you can see from Amazon type, you can see that excited about five vehicles can go comfortably, so 10:00 lane  The sector roads have collapsed. The project of Nagin India Bulls has arrived. It is 9 and standing in Dwarka Expressway. Now see Dwarka Expressway. Now who am I? This model is now visible to you. I am showing from this side the death of Dwarka Expressway.  There is a ban and this is News Care Mall, this is the commercial belt, this entire Dwarka Expressway is touching and next to it this is the under construction project of India Bulls. You see the video of Dwarka Expressway, the concrete is visible in the corner.  From here on the left, this side is half, the same amount is on the right side and this pillar that you see above will also have rings in it. Now this will be a train, it is the only absolute Singh and pillar express way in the enter country. Now see how.  It is engraved on the dust and soil, the money is printed as soon as the soil settles, the mortar Dwarka Expressway, the right side has started turning black, this is what you are seeing, the wind chimes project is what you are looking for.  Man, I was a little busy, you will get the idea, this is only half, the words are on the right side so that you can see that the work of making the black top has started, in two to three months this bottom will become the black top, the initial point that is jun21 date.  It is being told but I think that this phase will be completed only by November 21. Phase three and four are being told now that it is June 21. The lease will last till November-December but till June you will see a lot of eggs here.  The situation will be much better than this. Everything will be priced now. Now this is me, where there is a flyover in Jhaada, in the sun tan sector, that is Mahindra and you can see that I will delay the project a little, so this is the entire project of Diplomatic Greens. There is Android sector in this, this is me.  I am in the under pass which will go from below the Dwarka Expressway. When you are going from Bajhera and again I will give you the Dwarka Expressway which will go from above and the work of the under pass.  What is happening here is now see how wide the underpass will be built and this road, bus horse road will go further 500 meters further, then projects will come, Tata's Gateway project will come and here there is an Earth Rupee Amendment Project whose fortunes are about to rise. Those who are stuck there can contact me, Tata's profit is a big project, you are a result project, affordable housing is about one kilometer away from here, the way this video is being made now.  The work of widening the road is going on. District get completed on Net Will Take 425 platform and it will reflect in the prices of the project. You can also see an egg inside it, you can see the video, you can see the date, so in this video you have  See the projects, I have given the names of the actresses against 114 113 112 111, I should cover individual products, I should cover some possible ones further.  How to increase the series, which will be very good for you to understand, then tell me, do I have very good knowledge of this area? First, now I will do the expressway and then I will take it to the ward, it will be a smart plant for about 15 to 20 days.  Videos will be made according to me and I will tell you in detail about the project you want to buy and if you want to know about it, you can connect with me individually to cover one project in each video.  If it is going to be a big video then first I am coming to Jaunpur in this series, then gradually I will cover the projects which I think are good opposites at individual project level, first also there is time for my viewers.  For my subscribers to clear the general orientation that the mine is getting cleaned add which acids are there so as we saw 113 111 absolutely Delhi  Packing from the border is 110mm. Started because most of the buses and tractors are available these days. Already if you check, they are good sons. There is good occupancy. Commercial space is about to start. So how did you like this video? Tell me and don't subscribe the channel.  I have requested him to please subscribe my channel thank you