Hello friends, today's topic is a very popular demand, education system of India is fine, we will discuss what is wrong with our education system, it is not wrong, what can happen, I will try to give a different perspective, you must have seen some cut copy through my video. Paste is not a thing, it is approached in a different way, so I will try to make it in the same way, you guys stay connected till the end, when from sea, India education system is doing good business, your life is going well. First of all, we see here that the education system is bad, then who is saying that it is bad? First of all, I am not going to defend anyone, nor am I going to attack anyone too much, I am going to give clarity that the statement is false.  Escapism does not exist specifically for the middle class. The education system itself is bad. Ours is much better than the one outside. They speak well. They are also ours. They are also ours. They are also bad. Many people in Canada say that in education they are  People are also concerned about the change thing from the system net, now people have felt this, ok, a little bit, now you people must be thinking, okay, okay, okay, go ahead, tell me quickly, fix it, first tell who should fix it? How bad is it, what will we discuss, who is the bad ball, if Rs 15 crore goes into your account, do you have anything to do with the education system, then it is your life that is set, the one who has a set life has nothing to do, the one who doesn't has anything to do. How can he say that I  Should I ask a crazy thing, this system is called education system, some people from the same education system, many people have not done education in the education system, then it is a little difficult for you people to understand where we are going, what education is in the education system.  How important is it, what are you saying friend, I am not understanding some education, the most important thing is I want you to give best education, you want you to give best education exist and  If everybody will get the best education, then you don't have any relative advantage and in life is all about having relative advantages, you should collect that respect person, there was a time when India was poor, this English, Hindi is going on, everyone needs other language. I will also make a video on it. Okay, if you understand everything then whatever comes here comes as it is by card control because I think it comes like that. Date So once the country was poor, education cannot be given, this was the worn out PPT education which you think, I will not call it any PPT, I will not even call it great, I will call it average, okay, it can be very good, but as bad as it is being said, it is.  It is bad, no, it is good, that's what he used to read, he got addicted to it, sir, then many people started reading, then started reading too much, then too many started reading too much, there were some changes in this, the kind of jobs they wanted to do in less money. Haryana is its typical example, 37% end employment in Haryana, after hearing this, it becomes like this, Haryana is number one, number one is film, so the message is, how many jobs do you want to do, everyone wants to do it. Well, how many have not got the job yet and how many have got the job, so the results will come out now.  The bearded man doesn't want to do a job and is working as a laborer. If you call him a little unemployed, you will say that he is not even giving exams, so Haryana is in many states here and here. People need jobs and I want to be settled in life, so the education system is not upsetting. People are not being able to settle, that is why people are doing the education system. What was the education system earlier? If there was no education, then this is it.  Tha K Kha Ji Sikh people ABCD Sikh people, education, you will become educated, people do 8th, people do 10th, what now, if everyone has done everything, then it is saying that the education system is bad. Earlier it was said that the education system did not let you study at all, so being illiterate earlier, it was important that we study, now after studying, if you study a lot, study a lot, then read a lot, then something should happen, nothing happens, this is what I want to tell you.  In the system of two-three things, let's do the practical, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it in India, for the skills, this is also a separate thing, there is nothing to be done by Englishing the name in partnership, brother, the population is so late, they are in numerical.  These days, when I ask for a plumber in Gurgaon, he does n't come because he is so busy, hey, don't talk nonsense, I don't watch your video, a plumber will make our children, if a plumber earns ₹10000, your number is 10 lakhs. An educated truck driver can earn more money. Because then when an educated person comes to make tea, he becomes a tea seller, you know because he will not make tea like you, that the bucket is Rakhi, the glass is dirty and has been washed like this.  This is how the middle class has been done. Middle class needs, you do all the work of the lower class, you become rich in the middle class, the idea that will take you is a road, you can make it very good, its capacity to do so well is not increasing, you have made the road.  You have done a good experience, you have done a good job, it means if everyone is intelligent, but the jobs will increase, it means if your child is going to Kota, it is fine, I am not interested, it is very good in Madras, is there any coaching there?  You are talking about how good coaching you have got from India, those IIT seats are not increasing, if everyone goes to very good coaching, then everyone has that advantage, if you understand, it is called aam sharif, it is called a mental.  Model Answer: Understand it carefully. Bought a ship, buy any s16, it is fine, this country has bought Rafak, its missile goes 60 kilometers, man, take 120 examples of it, it is fine.  So this one has gone up, its advantage has gone down, but tomorrow I will go to him and buy this one from somewhere. Now the advantage of both of them is zero. Now he will have to take something to bring it down or he will have to take it down.  If you understand it, then it is going on in life, there is no end because what happens is, man, whether it is 100 or thousand, then those who do computers, now I have increased my knowledge, okay, now I have increased it in this also.  In the competition paper, I have the knowledge of both, I have to improve it again, then I went and got better education, then that one is open, these days there are a lot of them, how much is open, all of them are also named, okay, all of them are being studied. All these days in the education system, more money is saved in educating, you understand what I am saying, you are also doing the same thing, you are trying to educate us, you are saving less money, I liked it bad, I liked it.  listen carefully  Gold rush happened inside it, it is fine from wherever it is coming out but the questions would have been there and the equipment that was coming out and the jeans that came to him at the time, it is a limited company, it is not much because what is sexy is the gold coming out, the company is all the gold coming out.  But those who sold rice and jeans earned maximum money because whether gold comes out or not, if they want any item, then brothers and sisters, your dreams will be fulfilled. The education system is bad, they will give us good education. Hey my brother, there are those in the system. Jobs are limited only, don't you reduce the rest, so whatever I have been through, you are preparing for the competition, after spreading it two-three times, you have become green, you were gambling with you now, don't give the exam and pass, you have become green.  What happened now is that the game is considered good, then the game is considered good, the defeat continues, so you guys learn how because this is what is happening these days, how many YouTube channels are there, which are running their own business, they are giving the world the concentration business.  The world also gives and takes. In which YouTube I am not criticizing anyone, I am telling in a positive way that I, brother, learn from my mistakes, I ran a business, I went everywhere, I went there, I went everywhere again, I went everywhere.  This defeated man is now doing well because now he should not personalize things. I am telling you through example templates. I am giving you a hint to understand. People are engaged in motivation. Give me motivation and  I am a motivational guru, I will give you motivation. You come every morning and you need motivation. Every day you have got the form of a human being. You get it after 84 lakh lives. What is all this telling? I need motivation. Hey, you are born a human being, if anyone needs motivation.  Hai Never Gaan Youtube Never Go Tu Any Respect Place I Will Just Tell You Go Tu Shamshan And See There The Program Becomes Thank You You Are Alive No More Motivation Is Needed Than This Understand I am sad, I need motivation, it is not happening, I am not doing anything, I swear, programs are being organized for people much younger than you, it happens several times a day, you will see young people, it is not yours, try it, there is motivation, it is a very big motivation.  You are listening to me, you are listening to me, I am getting motivation, it means I don't need motivation, education system is good for anyone, it is bad, don't take tension, tell me, if Sanu's education system will be good then it will be good for everyone.  Well, he got the system and hey brother, if he completes the international one, then your boys are doing good recording and coding. All this IT-shorty is going on. How big is the market of India, what else has to be done better, you are a doctor, there are many people outside.  Are there any deficiencies in our doctors? Is there any shortage in our doctors? There are some good doctors who want to reduce some things and whatever they want to reduce, there are less vacancies there and if you think the education system there will be good, then you will go brother, no.  you will go to this thing  Understanding, friendship, education system is good, I will also tell you about schools sometime. If you want to cry, then don't be conflicted about education. If there is any dispute about school fees, if education system is bad, then even I am not saying that 100 things are 100, but I It also does not say that I am 30, I am 20, I am 50, I am 60, I am from this, this is from 50 to 60, our education system will improve.  There must be working progress but its fee is being charged at the rate of 150 rupees or it is 150 rupees out of 100 that brother, this food is not so tasty, you cannot charge me so much money for this, I will not give so much money, there is no one here. Speaking and what are the people of private schools doing, if you want it, then I will make it in the detailed video that we have to focus on this, crying is a necessity and not a bad thing but  Crying in D Right Direction for D Right How When I Say Crying Means To Raise Your Voice To Be Sad To Put Your Energy To That Thing I Will Call That Is A Good Thing In The System But One Haj You Be Focus On More And Journalize Statement So I Told You Told the people in the journalist statement that they are very stupid, this education system is bad, the medical system is also bad, our whole system is bad, this is how we are, hey brother, do good and increase the taxes.  Take it big, increase the tax on all the rich, the rich will leave those who are doing less and go to the country of rods, all will remain poor, tax on everyone's middle class, the rich also pay tax, it is easy to say, okay, you who don't want to come, become poor, go to private schools.  If you want to listen then please tell the private school and please share with friends thank you