That Namaskar friends one of the state goals of my channel is strengthening joy happiness in people's lives to watch this video is that please avoid delay in this it will definitely seem a little deep but it will elevate pin emotional-emotional suffering in case you all suffering from one of this  If you are in the group then this video is applicable for you and with this I am sure and charity will lead to happiness and joy in your life because every pain gets reduced.  Reduction of pain is the only way to move towards happiness. Entries and Related No Absolute Absolute Happiness That There Is No Prostate If Life Goes Like This You Will See It You Can Be An Apprentice You Can Be An All-Rounder In Our Life In 2016 If We See Parents  You may have problems, health issues, you can sleep with Shivling, you can sleep with children's marital life issues, if you are elder, the people closest to you are in your life. This even friend of blood relation, I too, friends, I will not do immediately, as much as blood relations actually give emotional pin etc. Friends, change can happen, friendship can break, then I will restict myself through blood relation, parents are in pain because of that.  If you are in pain or have kids or are going through something or you do n't understand how to handle life Scan Health Issues and Can Be Meditate Candy Subscribe So  It was also a thing for those around you to remember one line for basic because it is not possible to connect with it. None of us had tissue paper and memorized the right line. This minister was the one in a way Guru Mantra, we all are companions of birth, karma.  That is where you were born, your brother, your sister, your children, we became this partner because of birth, our karma is different, playing a part, innocent, I teach very well in astrology, under that, the fashion of the hour is the elevating paste.  You can join the classes by taking platinum membership but even if you do not want to do so, in this video, I am trying to explain to you that if any of your loved ones drank a lot of alcohol and cigarettes in life, then he has committed karma.  You had no role in it, so if she is travelling, then it will affect you too, but you have to help in this retail pack, as much as you can, be it physical help, emotional help, or even pension, without being totally.  Like, this is very wrong happening, so whoever is facing any threat, then take it with you that whatever is happening, there is some karma behind it, then you will not give yourself mixed results, turn off the settings, second thing of this.  If you too are lost in life, you are lost in work, you are depressed along with them, then you cannot refer anyone in the city to help them because if it is your spouse, your child, your parents, your brother.  -Sister it's their relationship if she has any  If you are traveling with a person, then you should not be going with them, this ID is only a limit, as long as you can help them, this realization is also very important because that is their duty, they have to go hungry, they have to go with devotion.  Whatever has been done, keep living your life in it. Bigg Boss. Many people are coming to me for consultation like this, where the one who is in a lot of pain is not even conscious, the nearest person is providing the help to get help.  Is Which is fine but the condition of the nearest person is almost like this note, hundred percent to sixty percent has become like that person, that period of time with that person and saying this, don't make too much of an effect, here I am not at all fallen by making a video, not at all this.  I am not saying that it is very easy to do, but to give set, to be happy, to be happy is what it is, it is simple that whatever I tell the technique, it was royal simple but  Not Easy Recipe Something is very simple Design Minute Easy is so simple Easy is not at all in your life Please follow this Phone Handset Detachment is Wave Raw Agents Have Your Own Personal Growth I have seen in many families somewhere something like this has happened over the years  Even after years of problems, that family has stopped following the Guru. Brother, what is the fault of the children, the next generation and the kind of diseases that are happening, what is the first thing? Used to be 1568. Retirement age used to be a person's age at sixty, life expectancy was less, now the data of life expectancy has increased by another 2 years. The worst thing is that people of Delhi are 75-76 years old, which is very good. In Delhi they talk about permission.  Because I am young, I am polluted, so I get married, net, I don't think so, pollution and so many take quizzes, there are other factors too, ok.  So Delhiites, congratulations, you are touching the area and every 10 years, pregnancy will increase by two to three years. Life expectancy in India will increase by every digit in two to three years. So, those who are just 30 years old can't resist that tiffin or lunch.  Will do in these averages, I am saying that right now, there will be obstacles very soon, now this and this will increase, then this and this will increase and we will get to see what Ajit did earlier, which was not seen before.  Drinking it in liquid will not let the medical science die but the quality of life will suffer and when the quality of life suffers from one family member day it is the natural acid then others will also wished away to other family members but you will get more than that.  Indians do n't know how to live in eight. Subscribe and subscribe Indian How to Make Gracefully. 100 a little bit they don't know how to make a and then his dreams you understand them got support in Greece I am talking about not being able to get rasgullas irritability did not join vitamins like these are the kind of things people  I kill life, people die, Something Wicked Country Videos, you were taken, but still you all know that you can die at any time, the time to live and die is also right.  Yes, we were embedded. Yes, we lived well. Live to the fullest, do whatever you want to do, but keep saying that freedom is not from many things, still I am. The garage channel is very deep. Not everyone has understood yet its old meaning.  Discover Vedanta's system and tell it in a fresh way - it is a job series, it is a marital series, it is a real estate series, it is a money plant series, it is a decision-making series. Play the playlist and see how many dots everyone will start connecting.  Do not cook pimples, if you will not subscribe, then those who are brilliant students and are following the channel, I want to ask you something, do you start making dots in your videos of everything - Mostly Related Servi Subscribe so that you will have to have knowledge of everything  People are saying this kind of knowledge in such videos, we too need everything, only fat will suffice, vitamins will suffice.  Minerals should be well subscribed and there should be 360 ​​degree perspective. Efforts should be made to develop everything. Through this channel, people can understand. If you like it then please do write in the comment section. Instead of one, I would like to write a line.  If you like this video, please subscribe. If you want to enjoy painting the life line, then now we all who are family members, we are friends by birth, not by karma. We have to continue our good deeds, there is no stopping us from happening, we all are unique, we have come for some purpose, just keep Bigg Boss with you, left, right, something is the ground, you will stop loving you like this app, you will try your best.  To help butt producer jobs a man saves objects from drowning his father keeps them subscribed away and puts him just high enough so that in the water container but takes a breath in between but comes on his This happens to him because just hang there and look for it, that option has come back to back, we will drown, Sanam, you will also drown, so that is that thing, subscribe and subscribe to the old ones.