Hello friends, today I have come to raise a topic which is very important for the society and you please share it. There are many videos of mine, I say that it is good but sit with your knowledge, but it is a subject of pain and is affecting the society a lot.  If you are doing it then please tell me and if you are doing it then you must see it in the comment area. The name of the topic is GMT Net Syndrome, Empty Next Syndrome. All those who are suffering from this are women and 99% and 98% are housewives.  And this is phenophena emptiness syndrome that when you have one child or two children from your home, they are thrown out after a certain age, they turn 12th and go to their college. If the second child also goes away, then there is a big void in the life of the woman.  Apathy comes and what happens at this time is that the profile of the woman is fine, if she gets married late and has children around the age of 25 26 27 28, if she is placed in a group then this setting is a woman.  The housewife is between 45 to 50 and after having children, her hormonal background is the same, the husband is busy in his job and some more to meet his own expenses, because the contribution of the housewife is zero, it is okay, so many times, the housewife is the elder these days. Getting angry with but never mind I should always remember other badi hoon see this me video where the intention where it is coming from what it is trying you take Just because I do n't come to you to bring good factor in your life then it will not do any good to you, hence the housewife is very indifferent because suddenly her life was turning upside down for so many years, she has the purpose of her life.  It was maintained that every human being has to have a purpose, just like he is a man, he still goes out, has to sit among people, has a social circle, has a professional circle, has to earn money and invest, it's just a street.  I have to eat, I have to struggle, I have to do my own thing in life, I have to buy a car, sometimes I have to drink alcohol, all the programs are for men and the biggest thing is to give me the menstruation, neither do I give birth to children, nor do I straighten nor do they get menopause, it is okay.  So that hormonal program is also not bad for them and what is it about a man, he has testosterone, he has a system, he gets relief for many years, woman has one more problem which is done by nature. Look, I am not a doctor but a doctor.  Brothers, commenting is the nature of falling like a hot potato as soon as a woman feels that she will no longer be able to give birth to children, there is a sink like a hot potato, it is a huge phenomenon, it is also within psychology, I am in practical consultation.  I am telling you that it falls if you are a woman, if you have passed through this face of Gurjar, are not Gurjar or are approaching and 42 you are ahead of 50, 40 you.  Please I request 250 rupees which of you come and please comment openly when talking about this issue because we will address this thing. First of all, before we address it, the society has to understand that something like this even happens because like-  As the society is becoming educated and food and clothing are being removed from the house, then these things are coming in my videos. These are the real problems of real life which I am seeing in my girlfriends every day. These women are some worried.  There are selfie stick issues, time does not pass and this is the favorite of most of the halli pad consultants like us, that is, I do not want to do their consultation but if they have money then because they have a vacancy and brother of that.  Because if the husband is rich then he is ready to give anything so that brother can do it for us and I know that he definitely needs some astrology consultation, he doesn't need anything else, he needs a purpose in life.  If yes, then today in the middle of this video, I am telling you on a bansain that I have completely axed this kind of consultation, brother, when no one has the courage to do things, neither the doctor nor the husband, nor the husband. Why do children have that feeling of emptiness? As children become teenagers, now they do not hug their mother as much as they did in childhood. They do not come as close to each other in their own life and gradually.  They go to Puri and after a long life they become busy in their life again. Mom is asking me yesterday how are you, how are you, did you take your hostel is fine, should I send you clothes, should I send your money through Paytm, should I say this friend, it's fine.  Two ok and six six six young child to stay in her life, she has no boyfriend, the world is looking like this and this lady has nothing, now the poor guy has nothing because now he said that I have everything.  If I did it on you then don't be in this poor state, Jain, yours was one less, doing your [ __ ], well, you reduced the emptiness, that's why I am the only one who has put you on this stage, even at the age of 38, you could have started [ __ ], 35 many women.  Those who ask that we have become children, our husbands do not help us, I am on this power dynamic between husband and wife and how has it gone, the one who silently thinks brother, I have been my husband's fool and thinks I am important. And this will become a very interesting video of the wife, I will make it one day, if you want, then tell me, then who is the ultimate idiot in it, I will also give a verdict that the person in front thinks that the joker never loses, we have some dialogue like this.  There is a similar catch in this also, what is there in this too that one is thinking that I am winning, okay and I will tell you why I am winning, it is not so easy in big politics, but today I  We will focus on our emptiness syndrome that it is not your emptiness but it is from your thought process. It is true that even at the age of 13-14, your children were not as hung up as you were and it is definitely not the case today.  Give Bill Devour Life Enable and Find Your Purpose and Phool-Phool Mate in Life and Making Money Earning Money is One of It Aapko Bhai Both Me Naukri Hey Naukri Ko Maro Gali Earning and Naukri Ko  I don't know whether people have thought that people who do jobs earn this money, do they sit like this, hello friends, okay, wear red tie, wear pink shirt, wear glasses, you will listen to my name for a long time, those who don't have fun, right?  Join also, let us teach you how to make egg, ok, what a game, it is very good, it can be done sitting at home, a lot of money can be earned and it is a lot of fun, and the women who do it first, their children do not even leave. also their children  Those who do not want to know, they will go to college, then mother was doing a good business, so where to go, keep it there, women who want to keep their children with them and Smriti do not want to go through the syndrome, please join, it is very painful.  I know that she has entered, do n't do anything on power, brother, life has not come, try which one will you loot, some guru ji will give you an idea, brother, do this, Mukesh Ambani ji's children can also go to the story, story to the world.  buy something too We can't go. Rich, no one leaves a rich mother. Okay, we will go. Well, we also went. Yes, it's okay, if this is the culture of your family, this is the custom of the rate that you left your parents. And something butter and you did that something butter but your something butter did not yield that much butter, you had to leave your hair too, so what progress did you achieve, what success did you drink and what is the use of promotion Ramesh Babu who passed on your children to your relatives. Couldn't keep it, I do consultation, tax people's family, tax is not in lions, 4 tax is not in the country, continent in continent, at least husband and wife should stay together, children, let's go away, wife has to do something of her own, in India, husband has nothing of his own.  If you don't have money, then money can be earned anyway. Exposure and it's not always about money. Oh my uncle, take a paisa job, do as much exposure as you want in India, sacrifice your life to get this exposure.  It is necessary that I will get exposure in Europe, I will get exposure in middle class, I will get exposure in America, I will get it in South America, I will get India, I will get exposure in Delhi, I will get exposure in Kolkata, it can also be taken that when you get more money, then  You can do any story also, it is a matter of pain because husbands are not addressing, husbands don't even know, husband has seen like this, what has happened to his wife, what happened to you, you are such husbands and I know sir.  Then What is happening to me, he thinks, how will this wife of mine be, oh how will be your wife, what contribution have you made, no, I told her to do it, but what support did you give by speaking, did you ever raise children, did you ever do anything for this?  Had brought that friend, reduce this, reduce that, let's do it like this, you know Maheshwari sarees are very good there, so you know there, Bandhej sarees are good in Kutch, we will take this much. We sell so much, it is good in the society, this is what happens in Madhubani paintings, there are dead thousand histories out of which we filter out 40-50 which are successful, we reduce them in the real market, how do we reduce them, you have to execute, you have to do what has to happen.  Women have to cry, the housewives should do that please. Jadeja, we are right, brother, enough of this is enough, two and a half to three lakh fans, there is no flood, no, the children have moved here and there, now time is short. Mama Bill do something, okay friend, you are going so far away, 50000 will be our story, now you are a resident of Delhi Gurgaon, you are a North Indian, the child is going to Bangalore, why is the child going to eat idli dosa, no no no, national integration is anything, there is a story too.  It is secular, go to Toronto, the story also goes, then it is Silicon Valley, what difference does it make, the flight is of 12 hours, it is 9 hours, I will tell you more on this, I will make a video for you guys like this one.  How did you like the video? Please do tell. Emptiness syndrome is a topic which needs you to be addressed. Do you have an address? World is saying this is not women's world. All the things that are good for women are being done by men only. Women do not do any good for themselves. Many people will feel proud of women. It is a true fact that whatever opportunities have come, it is men who are giving them to women. Looking forward in India  That brother, earn money like this, be happy like this, mother showed emotions late but the boy also came, this is the best thing, this is the sweetest thing, this is the one I am, leave everything behind.  Leaving the rod, now he also has the skill. Mummy's scale is amazing, she is the marketing sales person. We both met, so she took the bus out, so these are the six, I am not going to travel due to emptiness syndrome, it is okay, handsome, tangible, think, lord of female, lot of ladies, help, helping in. Regarding this they are very happy science they are very happy I am also helping someone if you want to take help from this thing then understand the details  I want to understand, I have to do opportunistic phenomenon, please join me whenever I get time. Subscriber info below is the winner group. Join in the comment area. Jain, whenever I will announce such a thing, because I curry out, you come on these reminders. Special target audience like I just did it for teachers, in the future I will do it for retired people, sometimes I will say for women, sometimes I will do it for children, okay and that will be something in future after what will happen on Vansh.  It wo n't happen that now you are the only one who does n't know, that's it, that's fine, other people do like this, I will tell you like this, then there is something further, then there is something further, then the expenditure is not that much, the same 2 more hours.  The shop is just get your technique, take out the template from it which you can understand and do the same, just teach me how to push after making you sit on a bicycle. Okay, so please make pairs in this regard and take it forward.  Thank you very much please subscribe the channel if you have n't done so and now there is a request respect you whatsapp further group you are share this video friend to your family you will get many women on it etc. What will the 71 wali do in the 60s 71 this is very  You have the power to do something, madam, do you know how to do puja well? Yes, if your son knows how to do puja, what will happen to him? Hey madam, this is also monetized, yes, this is also monitored. Girls can do this but nowadays they don't even know how to tie a saree and in tying a saree, tying a saree is a big thing. Till date Cathode of 1003 has not come, otherwise it has not come to buy, otherwise it has not come, then I do not buy it.  You will also buy Shikha dog, there are other ways to learn and understand better, understand that there is a society next to you in a good rich family to learn and like you have come to me, son, this one has come in 25 ways like this.  Blouse like this, taking this one, taking this one, I will also learn it, I am telling you people, this is Tai or not, these two types of notes, 10 types of notes, Bunty, money to learn this, not many people know how to tie this, I am telling you  Who do you think this one will become? Sometimes this one will become American Naughty and sometimes that one. She also gets paid. Yes, she gets paid. Do it first, come right, join right, she gets paid for everything. She gets paid for everything. first thing  Normally, we used to teach each other like that and there was time, now people don't have the time to learn specifically brother, so how will some people feel? You get them to practice well and then a package is sent to them. You will show them about grooming, you will teach them about communication, you will also teach them about personality.  You will teach how to sit, you will teach how to speak, you will teach body language, it will be the syllabus of 10-15 things, there are many people who will teach you for two to six hours.  They will go and give us the money and go away. Which crores of rupees do we want to take from them? 56800 people have been added since 2004, then more people will come, then more people will come, then you will become famous, first tell in your society, tell here, live life by thinking positive.  Well, it was a lot of fun to live, you see those who come and sit to watch the band do it, how are they causing so much depression in women, listen to me, if there was no 40 50 oil, then she was my father's angel, okay What has become of Papa, poor girl, she was studying without doing anything, she was writing, she had dreamed of living like this, then to fulfill her dream, some other husband has killed her. He also gives me a poor pistachio, the husband can't wake up in the morning and write a note, today darling, he can't say like this, morning, what is he going to do, he has to go to work less, women, it's okay, your comfort is less, don't waste your life, it's okay.  You must be 45, you have not done anything till now, there are still 40 years of life and a child, you have not done anything for 20 years, but you have not done anything, consider this very overrated, very over it, it is okay, it cannot be like that, middle class children, I don't know how.  They are studying and those of the upper class and immortal class are living on autos and all the hard work is being done by the middle class women. This is a psychology of middle class women. They have done something of their own. There is a lot of pain because I am yours.  I am taking 20 years of gravy which is called working no no no don't yesterday I am housewife I am home Capricorn RD home breaker brother in law also home Capricorn here husband is home Capricorn that in home the husband comes with money and without money your home is fine Hope will go, broom will go, food will go, school fees will go, car will go, internet will go, medicines will be given, money will be given for liquor, otherwise you will be home Capricorn, where will you get a husband without this home Capricorn don't cup taking.  This is useless credit, it does n't seem that it is against women, so I am my content cups going from one me video, what caste is happening with me, in half of the videos it is written, it is Buddha family scent, in the other one, it is written, I do n't know, it is a melt.  Hey brother, I mean, I am swinging between this and feminist defending on content, I am really, I am not feminist, I am not men, it is okay, I am taking what is okay, so please. Ask later, then ask whether your son and daughter- in-law will throw you out of the house along with your husband. Also ask, will these sarees continue to be made? Tell me how did you like it and please share, thank you.