Hello friends, today we will discuss about equity and serial estate in waiting, because both are asset classes, if login is done at a low price, then it is very possible that I will not make a video. There are many different types of videos made in Microsoft Excel. People in the house do a lot of calculations and this.  Keep doing this, I want to tell you this thing, like it does not work according to Microsoft Excel, in equity we say that we got such a happy pattern, if you get fifteen percent return and invest 15000 every month and this program is for 15 years.  If you invest Rs 1 crore per month, then if you invest Rs 15,000 per month in mutual funds in this stock market and invest every month for 15 years, then your interest at Rs 15 cents will be Rs. That when the need for money has been found in the third and fourth years, then when the way to the market has been found, then the second thing is that you cannot use leverage, the third thing is that even my family does not get visits like social security insurance.  It has to be seen like insurance, people give this two and a half percent, first of all they will depart from this, rentals in Gurgaon and much more than diversion, second thing, trees and plants will go to the house, so 20% is fine, won't cost cost of fund in Deendayal also? 6.5 Question: Is this a ray, has it lasted for a lifetime, will you calculate its price on the internet?  It has been revised and we will do development on it. You thought that 1 crore rupees is fine from the list. So if you get ₹ 3000 rent for it, then this starting is 3.6 CR recent. Okay no this is a problem of one crore rupees. Start that I am fine for 10 years.  2 crores now if you are getting this then there will be problem then you should subscribe at quarter inch from this investment layers then from this view countries can India  In Voters of Property's General Sharif Uddin Double in Tennis four is fine so and Reddy Govind can be subscribed here property also from the property side the thing is 60 so you that on this you are getting around eight percent so  These returns and then there is no brain in it, you took a loan separately, you did it, today I did not have the money, nor have you beaten it, so you do one more in this, isn't there a rally of money also happening that if I  Had taken a loan of one crore 20 years ago and if today there is no difference between the two among 1 crore people, is there no depression, is the dollar of money not being replenished, is the government not the most boring, then these things are creatively hidden.  And on top of that, they always calculate the rate of interest by one and a half to two percent more, but it is running at six and a half. Today, if someone makes UP in less than eight, if he does the calculation, then I don't want to give him that.  Bhai Saheb had told them on Microsoft, see this, tell them on hanging, when only six points are running then they are told to be eight, if they were running along with them then Nokha tells that they have to go to a private polytechnic and move them, the second thing is the most wrong thing.  What is the mission? He says, brother, it is your responsibility to pay Rs. 50,000 if you don't kill me here, then it becomes like this, brother, I have put a bid on my forehead myself.  You will have to pay, but I will not put that Rs. 50,000. I will not put it. Suppose a man goes to the police or army for a belt job, okay then he will have to get up early in the morning, okay and go there and do his exercises to keep his body fit.  Only one will be needed, the other one is that he himself wakes up by setting the alarm clock, okay, set the alarm clock yourself and wake up in the morning and go to the gym, make our pushups bigger and one is that he goes to the gym, okay, so when you buy a house, you  In the army, it will be said that you have to give, then your life's response runs like a cat, do not spend unnecessarily because that is what you have to give, then you will go home, whereas when you do not do this calculation, people do that people are different, different people.  Buy Themselves Not Difficult Used to spend something or the other, there was a house worth Rs. 50,000, there was one such person in the house and a man could live in the house, I would like his Mishra immediately.  He will go to visit the country who does not eat and will spend the money in marriages and children in useless schools. Expectations are seen in favor in the month and not when that man, then he has to do with the other children. When I get angry, my gun is mine. I can get attracted, I will and in a few days, I will do what happened last year, subscribe and especially this, you use both of these and buy a house quickly, rent, you live on rent in a mutual fund, your house  took  Rent Subscribe Whatever is left of this, think of it as putting me in my recipe, it is also clean for 15 years and call it Matka, then you have created this set class and whatever decision of this asset class has been taken in your other asset class instead. What is the problem, the biggest problem here is in equity, I invest money in equity for 10 years and my portfolio can be as per my wish, it will not give me anything in a month, I will have to withdraw something from it on my own.  Will not give whereas if the ad is done in the house of the house then he is automatically giving me some rent plus he is also appreciating. The same thing happens in left fixed deposit. If you have given the example, what is the fee in deposit, if you have 20 lakhs.  If you have made an FD and it is 5%, then if you want to make it Rs 21 lakh, then you will not have to pay anything per month and you have to take Rs 8250 per month, on which interest is calculated, then you will have to pay the next Rs.  Year also it will be of 20 lakhs whereas what is there in real estate investment is my square acid which is in the FD and that and 20 lakhs of mine in real estate that arrest also increases plus I also see something, how much it increases will depend on  Market condition supports inflation. Definitely, some good percentage is fine. Doctor, your rate gets listed up only due to noise and inflation, so you do not have to compare it with both the three.  I want to make you and parents also enjoy. Separately, if you want a video then please write. I don't know exactly what the audience is watching but this is what you want senior citizens to know. Why should they be investing in violation of investing in? Real State Institute of Peace Okay, so if you want a video on this thing, then I will tell you a video on this, which you will show to your parents, Fifth, there are many parents who play for six years.  Old 6500 168 7023 If BJP will give us but not us, then whose stomach is it or you, the audience, is playing FD, then please write it in the comment section that make FD vs real estate will be special for senior citizens, I will make it in the video and  Please share that video with maximum number of people and it will definitely bring awakening and realization because of this tennis badminton after work.  50 members world thinks of changing very very fast please like this video if you like subscribe to