Hello friends, this is going to be a very deep and important topic. Who are your relatives and who are the important relatives and how many relatives can you maintain? This is the time to come. It is understandable in these times that the relatives keep changing and their importance also changes.  It keeps happening, remember that relatives from mother's side will always look more important and better, those from father 's side will not look good, pick 100 families, 90 out of 90 videos are made for 90 percent. Maybe a video can never be made for 5-10% and what is normal is that those for whom it is being made write less comments, those who are not being made for 4-5%, no, it is not mine, not yours, so you enjoy and  Look at this, for 90% of the applications, relatives will change. After your marriage, your relatives come through your wife and become relatives of your next generation. Now they are from mom's generation and dad's.  The relatives of their next generation are separated from each other. Mom has not learned this. Papa has learned this. It is your responsibility to have this clarity. Only I come up with such topics on YouTube. No one has learned this. Here, all the relatives are important.  You should respect everyone, you should meet everyone, brother, there is not much time, I will discuss only that, what is the concept, how to do it, uncle ji is important, uncle ji, uncle ji is your mother's brother, uncle ji is yours.  Which one of father's brothers is more important? Both of them should be respected. Today in practical, I am telling you that in practical, the uncle is related to father's property and how is it that mother's maternal uncle is not North India? This is the truth, whether the relationship with uncle is good or there is clarity or communication with him, you will talk now, friend, don't tell such things, in our house you told everything, isn't it everything?  I will tell you that this starts happening right from childhood and the society does n't even realize that there is no such great relative or any bad relative. A narrative is created in your family mostly by your mother and father, so there is no syllabus at all.  Do you know what is happening because injustice is being done there, injustice is being done to mom, her relatives can't do it, dad 's relatives don't do it, okay and whatever dad's relatives do, those relationships are like this.  would have been  When I go inside the property, I want to show this thing as a mirror to the society and want to teach my mother not to forcefully break the relationship in the name of doing good to her because she is losing a lot in terms of money. I don't get these dreams very often.  There are a lot of fights and quarrels in consultation, I bring videos from practicals, I come and cost of being is just bought by me as a relative, so first of all, clip me, all my things are fine here, so that if it makes sense, then learn, I am making it, otherwise keep quiet.  It is my benefit, isn't it, it is not right to say such things, mother's mother's mother, I am addressing this also, all the mothers who come to the same stage, whether you want to see it or not, it is very important to build relationships with your husband's side people.  This is very important and I am telling it to the boys also, especially the girls already have clarity in this, it is quite right, they know that they have to take them along, when the boys get married, they become their new relatives through wife Dev.  Take a dominant seat, mom will not be able to take it and mom will take it and this is the paradox of it, if he goes to his in-laws, then it goes like this, it does n't go to uncle, it doesn't go to his, it doesn't go to his, see, many two-four five percent are like this, those Khainis.  Let us tell you that what should happen like this, what should that person do in this ideal situation, then he feels  For me, either stop going here or start going there, there is only one choice, leave here and go to your in-laws and your wife will not let this happen to you. It's okay with you, so now to balance, talk to mom too.  One Radha time, Papa 's Farmaaishi program will also come, so today's war is going on like this, I should do a job, I should do relations, I should go to a marriage, I should go to a marriage, I should go to a marriage, I should go to that. First of all, in the life of all of you, yours is Write down all the relatives, write down all the possible events of their life, which can happen now, there was no time earlier, now you will have to do it, and mom also got angry, wife also got angry, and father also got angry, but you become consistent, you make a diary.  Take it and say how much you can do, how much you can't do, do n't compromise on your health, do n't compromise on your job, because in your job it is not your boss who is supposed to save you, it is the relatives who have to take care of you. Which functions did they go to, then don't bite more, you can you President, the relative who seems less than you, you have more respect for him, then it is so, why is it wrong, someone meets your man, someone gives you happiness, someone  Your memory is good, sometimes what can happen is that a slightly distant relative can be better than your close relative. Depending on today, what is the status system, what is related, what is that and in this you do not need to feel guilty.  which is yours  He is more relevant in life for some reason and only you are the one to decide this relevance. He is your important relative. He is a little more important than that. He should play with his wife or parents or tell it to anyone very clearly. He is on his string.  You will spoon me, I am mine, to my people, brother, you don't come here, you will tell me, you have become a big man, you have become, say, Han, I am becoming a big man, brother, you are not even visible these days, even you are not visible, people are very angry and bitter in this. It is a hidden subject of pain, it is possible that the entire pain may not come out through this video, I give it clearly in personal consultation, which I do not want to do now because I want to give everything to the society, I am showing it, it is still going on.  If you want to join it, you can join, but I would like to say that what you have to do is your right only at your feet, I am here again and again, the man who is there is not 22 23 24 25 30 35  Women up to 40-45 years of age make him the center and side actor because the puller is a man because he is playing the role of the driver half of the time. The wife does not know how to drive. She cannot go alone. Not even your relatives can go anywhere. Make the car an Innova, make it a Krishna, make it a driver, otherwise you will not like it. If the husband doesn't come, who won't like it? Who won't like it, if the son doesn't come, who wo n't like it? If there is something of dad's there somewhere.  nothing arrived  So you won't like it there, the boss does n't like anything like that, the whole public is sitting angry, everyone is trying to please, please yourself first, I am in no mood to go, I will not go, then every person in the house will try to take revenge. Wife, Father, Mother, If we know, then concentrate. According to me, my recommendation is that you should be very close to your immediate siblings who are yours. First of all, after that when energy is left, do not have Ganesh with your wife's siblings in the same generation. The one you need is brother in law, brother-in-law, sister-in-law, who speaks like a relationship speaks, your mind will become curdled, you will not be able to understand, at least someone is a neutral person, now as I am, I am not interested in giving you this advice. I am getting no benefit, mother will speak from her perspective, father will speak from his, wife will speak from hers, everyone will speak from theirs, I see sir, there will be fights and quarrels on these things, so I am telling whom to do it and  I am also telling the reason for it because who are you, who has any involvement in the shed future, it is important, okay, my relatives are no longer yours, why tell me, mummy, are my relatives yours, do you wake up like you, how much do you meet, what do you do, tell me, new relationships will not be formed.  Responsibilities will come, if something new comes in life, then time will go only from the old one, first you are alone, all the boys of 22, 23, 24 years of age are like drivers, go to the house, take you there, take you here, take you here, take you here, get a job.  So never do this to your children for this driving child listening to me child in this sensor kid and vote kya bole hum jawan young boy youngster 23 24 25 years don't do this driving and take your relatives from here and many have become like this  Han, he brought her from the railway station, now leave her, go, now do that, now do this, come and then they say, he doesn't read, he doesn't do it.  Selfish doesn't do anything in the team, otherwise nothing happens, otherwise at least do this, it is being misused a lot in the matter of kinship, only the one who is relative has to put in the effort, only someone else has helped a little, if I have the mood, I have the time, so I did it. If you are a boy, then first of all you should not spoil your wife, sister or brother because all the property, future, everything will not depend on your relationship. What people do is to keep good communication. Many people get too involved in their in-laws and leave their in-laws. You have to ask about your in-laws as well. You have to see in them too and you have to strengthen yourself first and study yours from there too.  It is possible that this much time is not going to come, your wife will be like this, do you want to take me everywhere today? If you are sitting with me, his brother, 40 years old, then this is less common for the husband in North India. Today is his wedding, then when you go here. so mom very much  You will be more angry, I am in your team, I am in my mother's team, I am in my wife's team, I am not in anyone's team, I am taking you to the top, whoever listens to you, okay, I can't do so many, I belong to this because if 10 people go there then  Then mummy ji, tell mummy ji also. Mummy ji, this is my priority list. My brother is in the number van, who are you, are you my son or daughter? I have registered the number van with him. I have given the number two register to him and that of my wife. Happiness is from the generation, sorrow is from each other, it is related to the group, meeting, sitting, sitting that much, these are the thoughts, after that, you are on the party, you are also on the third number, not in kinship, it is okay in terms of taking, anyway, you are the number.  Van, it's okay, I want to tell you that in this time, a lot of syllabus gets finished, your parents, your brothers and sisters, your wife's siblings, your wife's parents, in this time a lot of juice of life gets lost and after that, a little.  little juice left  It includes your friends, social groups, business partners, I don't know who all are there and you have to adjust to all of them, so you have to remember these things and it may be different for everyone, for some reason I am not saying this. But be conscious of it, in this it is not that it means learn from you when you need to know and that is the soul of your heart and you should now feel bad, people are sitting there who are Indians, who are ours, not too much. on a stage  For whatever reasons, there is more employment or people become younger early in old age or people who got married at the age of 18-20, gave birth to children in this period, all of them reduced in their 4850 years, now they live from 50 to 100.  Is it okay 50 to 100 or if they want to live then they have a lot of time to feel bad, so they are reducing their own, by feeling bad, they are doing their karma. You do your duty, okay then let me accept the bad man who has been there, what can you do with him, the bad man is the one who does not know how to push your life forward, when you are fast somewhere in life, then you did not give 8 hours of your life to anyone.  So if you had taken that bad man then he will not come to help you if you would have given it to him. If you said ok then you should be a friend only in your problem then please be conscious of this date. Regarding the message be conscious of this date.  Message: There is not much time these days because what will happen tomorrow? Your brothers and sisters will have children. If the peacock becomes important, brother's child will become important. Brother's daughter will become important. Wife's sister's children will become important.  It will be okay and he will tell them in the same way that when your story is told then those children will expect you from them if you have not thought this consciously but if you break it that my friend.  I am different from them, I have to make friends and adopt them as my own, my children are different, okay then there will be no kleshon in the house, this is very big, awarding the kleshon in the houses of the channel means that they can be avoided and that template cannot happen. Give, I have given templates, show the video to mom and dad and put it in your place and how many people identify with it. Please write in the comment section. Thank you very much.