That Hello Premium Subscribe, I just keep bringing videos for you people, thinking that you people like my content and understand the things mentioned above, today's topic is for you people, very urgent vs important game time, if you  If you understand this deep thing then the productivity in your life will increase a lot. In our life we run after urgent things because everything is so urgent that it takes our time and our attention goes away from important things. Important things in life like watching this video, it is important, good content, which changes the belief system of your life, changes your perspective of thinking, has a different point, that is an important thing, but this video of mine is not urgent for you, it is important.  Not urgent Like exercising is important for you Not urgent In the long run only more important things will always benefit Urgent Question Time taken Family  The parents took it, the wife took something urgent for the children, there was some urgent in the box, that society will make everything urgent and will take away your time from morning till night, whatever time you get even on Saturday and Sunday, there will be a list of very big programs of your wife. That I have to go here, I have to go there tomorrow, only then I tell you people, Friday from Mandi, if the wife is a housewife and stays at home and you are a middle class person, the wife does not have to sweep, mop and do the utensils, then she is the wife. Energy levels will always be the same during weekends I will obviously want a certain activities and thanks to take place which she will say urgently that I have to go to meet her relative, go there, we have to do this shopping, we have to do that but that helps in your personal growth  Yogi, you will grind in your job from Monday to Friday, you will not buy any growth of yours, you will sit on Sunday, you will waste all your time from Monday, then the meter will be reset for the rest of your life. Now that you understand what is urgent, I will define it and the urgent which is not important can be outsourced, like if you hire a driver, then the driver can do many things. You should know that there is no need to do those things. If the taps are yours, then the plumber will come and fix them. Whatever other things, do all the things wherever you see, spend a little money and take time. value If you save this money and spend time on it, then remember in life, we have one inch of time, one this movie is going on, you can see in a way that these troubles are happening to many people.  This is the picture after the interval. If your age has reached thirty-eight then you are in trouble. If you are watching the audience and those who are not then your reaching a very fast then this note is extremely very happy.  About your job in the real life is going video, money accounting, any interview, relationships, after doing everything, so in this you see, do your audit as to how much of your life time is going in the urgent things and then after that, you will be on happy time.  IPL Netflix 1628 This India needs no time program, this religious program, this GK program, this is the biscuits of your Aryan Khan program, when will you lose your attention from these things?  If you are running then you will never be able to get away from that President of yours. You will feel that you are just running very fast, but a person running on a treadmill cannot reach anywhere. You will have to keep running to stand there, so make a diary in which  You see, what are the important things that I have to do and where is my time being wasted, how is it being utilized, the list is another digit, on the other hand, time is there, whatever are the compulsions in it, which do not join the PIN and you  not to direct A fielder is helping, like Matar said, come and meet that relative of mine, he is there with sweets and he is crazy, so you give him the sweet tortoise, don't go, very slowly, slowly, you will release, after this someone stole your time from you, at that time  So it seemed brother, after 5 minutes, 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 20 minutes, that half an hour, one hour plant, one hour in these trophies, 25 minutes unless you add value in your personal life.  One thing I do in learning new things and in learning this basic thing is that I made a video of the network. Is it my network? If the nominal GDP of India is increasing by 1112 percent and your network of 1112 blocks is not increasing, then you are heading towards poverty. Yes, you are not going towards wealth, first you will measure it, now you will change it, please write down note, see anything which they can measure, that is not the only thing which  We can never change the thing which we have given to us, if you do not check your weight every day, then you do not know how much you have, how much you have to reduce, the target is only these, he bats in reply even in cricket, then you know.  I would have made a front of 260, saved so many overs, this is my run rate, then you can plan your life accordingly, the truth of life is that we also have a time fact, there is only so much time, if I have to do something in this much time, then daughter and run rate.  it's a network video  Find it, definitely watch it and please have more productive time so that you can live life. Life is not to be wasted with friends on Friday evening. From the situation of drink bottles, he will do it to me. Well, this is life, that is the need of that life. If you do your velvet to get out of that school building, then you will relax that he will talk, he will go to the navel of drugs, he will document and smoke, he will express his sorrow. Trying to share: People waste so much time in trying to share their sorrow that it is not the idea of ​​bringing happiness in life because they were not getting any time from crying and sometimes what happens is that they bring so much joy in themselves. Four comes, hold him near you, Khurram Dhumal and then discuss on him, drink tea and alcohol and then tell him that it is very good off life too, it gives me a relaxed feeling, why are you doing such things, where are you the message.  do it What is the line, note that this is the layer of soil to talk like this with you people, because you are subscribed for free, so I think you will watch the full video and like it because many things.  You will feel left and right because you will feel chest. Do such a thing in this house only that you get the results only by doing the work, that is, whatever work you do, it starts yielding the same results and the result you get is neither if you can do such work, you would like to do it. Stay connected with the content like this.  for the people Interesting will keep coming. When the time of renewal comes, remove it, otherwise the videos will not be seen. This one was a bit like that, did you understand it at all? Please put it in the comment section so that I can depend on the audience reaction caliber like that.  Keep more money, don't think that the bill is a premium subscription and make something else, make a very good paste, understand. If you understand a little, then I will do an exercise on this for you guys.  I will bring what you can mix in a digestible way and you will release back practically all activities will increase and will get maximum of the day, that is very important for us, so how did you like it? Please do like it because very few people will use Prevent.  You will watch it but do like it. If you are watching till now then you are ready to understand. This thing was a little bit different and I liked it. And if there is any similar type in the comment section then I would like to share there.  I will collect them individually in the answer metro and answer them together in a separate video. Thank you, Nako Re.