Hello friends, today's topic is taking leave from the boss and I am going to tell you the trick, first of all I will say thank you to all the subscribers, all the audience, I am getting a lot of praise on the video, I am getting respect and that is reflected from the comment section.  What is happening now has got a personal touch. There are many people who are watching every day and it is feeling very good. People's perspective of thinking in life is changing. So today we will discuss about the holiday. Mostly people are there, okay mostly people are employees, so do n't share this video with many people, rest watch the video till the end, you will understand, there is no need to share much, take it, it's okay and enjoy, write imagine, it is fun.  The one who didn't know, just write that he didn't know, and the one who knew, then write Imagine. It's okay, there is leave from the boss, isn't it like you go to the boss to ask for leave, isn't this video nowadays, applicable for government people and corporate officers.  It is applicable for those who do less in corporates, those who do it in private jobs and those who do it in government jobs, I will tell you the examples, I will tell you the settings, if you like my idea then go ahead and apply, and if you don't have the courage to apply then enjoy it, okay a little.  Comedy will start down and it will also be fun. Nowadays, if you go to take leave from your boss, his reaction will be as if you have asked for his left kidney. I mean, if you ask for a kidney from someone, then how will any brother see the kidney?  If you give it, then what is the meaning of asking? By typing, do you get such reactions from your boss? Write, brothers and sisters, whether you are in government or in corporate, write this and say, some such reactions come, it is okay, in that also you have to ask what his According to when to go, this is the condition of the servants, nowadays it is better to ask them that I have to go for someone close to me, I have to take my mother to the hospital, I have to take my wife, now the wedding season will come, marriage is considered like this.  Is  So luxury means it goes away only if you treat someone seriously at home, so I am going to tell you some tricks, I am also going to tell you some conversations about it, your stress will definitely be released, you will enjoy, what do you people have to do, normal course of. In events, whenever you feel that it is difficult to get leave, it will be done at this time and you do not even want leave, you asked for leave, now understand that I am telling you very thoughtfully, look, I am a consultant, I am a scoundrel.  I know everything about it, I can bat from both the sides, here I am telling the employees below, now do not forward this video to the boss, okay, then I am telling the employees below how to do it, I can tell the boss also, employees  I can bat from both sides, okay, I do this in pet consultation, you know, depending on who you are, it means you have to do what is sitting next, but you are my dear subscriber, so I am resuming that  You have bosses, it's okay because the boss also has a boss, even if there are people below you, you can still be aware, there are people above you too, so you can play with what I am feeding you, you don't want leave, you are only asking for two.  The thing is that your boss will either go or not agree, most likely he will not agree because you yourself know that in the situation of not getting leave, there is month ending, there is no meeting and there is any inspection, depending on the government, in a government job or in a corporate, anywhere, then that is accepted.  He will do it and he will also tell you the reason. If you don't know, then you wanted leave, so it's okay for you to hang around for a while, now tell me, okay, it's okay, and man, he wasted the leave by mistake, this can also happen. You don't want it, you asked for leave, I am applying for geometry and he refused, then you give him time to be quiet and speak for two or four days, you address it by sending it to your younger brother or selling it to your younger sister or brother-in-law.  Or He is the one who is responsible for the company and just now the company was getting less, if there is any government department then I am taking the responsibility, then you can do this, normally 99% of the time he will not give it anyway, okay then this situation will not come.  But I am giving you this exit route, both ways are fine and he has done it for the day, so don't say it has been credited to his account, now he has to give you leave today itself, so tomorrow he will not harass you too much in his mind.  He also needed leave, I made it a day, next time when you actually need it then it will be difficult to make it a day and then if that day makes it time then you can ask this Daniel, this is a practical tip.  And this is the mental model which is wise in life, but I am sharing this on my popular channel which has more subscribers. Okay, my mental model is working very well in decision making in Clarity for Youth. If that channel  If you haven't subscribed, please go and do chhutko channel, there are 16000 subscribers, currently it has 16 17000 subscribers, please go and increase that too. Okay, and I am telling you like this with the mental model, now look ahead, you have to see that these holidays.  I have to ask, this is not lifelong sustainable because your middle age comes and children's retirement comes and your parents get old. Vacation retirement increases and asking for vacation again and again takes away your life. When you are young, your vacation retirement is more for fun. You have to go somewhere, do something like this. In middle age, it should be less.  It's like a person forgets the fun, so when the youngsters like me, and those in their 20s, see that this is going to be a subject of pain, then save your life.  Start living in such a way that you do not have to do a job at the age of 40, 42, 43. I want to give this big message through this video because the job does not suddenly become small when a man finds it at the age of 23, 24, 25, 26 and he has to give it time.  Just think that brother I have to leave in 15 years, then he went towards his life, you did not get leave, your family is struggling, you are struggling, your retirement is not being fulfilled now from the job.  You are getting up, you are making her full, maybe you have a promotion in the job, one half of the promotion is missed and just like in government jobs, people are missed in the age group of 17-18-20, they are around 22 years of age, okay then digjected rejected.  After this, you want to get fired, you want to get out of the job, it is not possible, this is the first thing you have to know in cold blood that I have to ask for this leave for life long and this leave is not for me after a day. Will you meet me friend, I will not get it for fun at all and that life will be like this i.e. this is happening with many people only when they want leave and this is the best way to control the people below because sometimes what  It happens that if you are in the government system, then if you eat too much then it is fixed by 3%, it will increase on July, how can you make the attendance tight, he will go to send it to his wife and children, he goes every month, he needs three days leave, who will do less?  anyone has any interest in  No, remember in India, no one is in control, everyone has interest in control and in corporate too, everyone wants full, all the bosses and I am telling this in a very conscious voice, I know the boss will get angry that those who are at boss level.  It is not like this at a big level, everyone wants a flower, so this is the trick I have taught you, you are giving him a flower, you asked for leave, he did the work, his soul gets peace, he will not agree again and again, he also knows this and Secondly, sometimes the government machinery  It is told according to and I will tell according to the corporate. Many times I take the example of both corporate and government. If you are in corporate then what is the answer to give. If you are in government then what is the answer to give. I tell in both the things. Okay then in corporate.  To answer you, Sir, if I was getting this much salary and had so much responsibility and so much growth profile was visible in the future, then I too would not have taken your carrot, mine is far ahead, I do n't even know about carrots, now I don't know you, so I need a job.  if it comes out of  If you give it or something happens to me, then that family will be less for which you have to take leave, so let me invest two paisa bhabhi. I want to say this with love. In the government, you can tell your boss with a little more love that Sir, you are the boss.  You are an officer, you have got the privilege, you have got such a big government bungalow, you have got a government car, you have got a driver, you have given up this Sanu Shaukat and taken a 2 BHK with your mother-in-law and in-laws of the girl, who will go there and give bread to your wife. You have reached this post after working so hard and you must be taking leave also. When you will be at my place, when I reach your place, I will still talk to you like that, so you will not reach there. Mostly and especially if you do not want to reach.  If you want then I am here, get clear in 4042 that you have to leave and bat like this, you bat like this, why did Virender Sehwag bat, how did Krishnamacharya Srikkanth bat before that, no?  To play 50 overs friend, 20-30 is a lot, as many runs have been scored, see what happens to the hair, the bowlers are boating, I was scared, okay then live life like this, I am telling many things through this video, many people just enjoy it. Many people will go away with the learning in it. It will hit many people deeply. Depending on what level of thinking you are doing, I bring deep LED videos which are more understandable if you watch them twice or watch them with someone else. I talked to my friend or wife or someone, how are you speaking? Remembering no in life is a very good thing. I am telling you these things in the happiness course. I will tell you even deeper and bigger things than this. If you have not joined yet.  So do it, it doesn't cost much, it doesn't cost much, WhatsApp me, I will tell you, it is a very simple method, WhatsApp me, tell me the little thing, listen to all the things you do or should I remain silent, this is the situation that comes to the boss, I am a man.  has been that If I owe you or if I remain silent, always remember that don't give me silence, you will never be able to remain silent. It's never worth it. It seems that there is an advantage in remaining silent. It seems that maybe that promotion, maybe that something is in the hands of the buses these days.  It is not much, it seems that what is going to happen is going to happen, a little Virender Sehwag Bano, decide your overs in advance and know yourself when you have to take your wicket and bat with all your heart, because this will bring joy in life, isn't it?  Memories  Will you be left? What should I tell him? Sir, I have asked for my leave, I have not asked for yours, it is okay, I have asked for my leave, not yours, I have not asked anyone else, why are you sending me like this, I have asked for your kidney, I have to speak very lovingly, you guys, tell me with love like this. If you speak, will it seem rude or not? Now whether you say it or not, then he is also being rude to you, you said you need leave, brother, is there any retirement, why should I ask, it is very rude.  Why should I do it after getting the answer? Mahavatmi ji, if you fall in love with the next person, then that is also a job. Remember, boss is also a job and servants are not given much respect in the society. Remember this is disturbing so many people.  How many people am I giving pleasure to? In this country, the youth who are sensible, under 40-50, above 50 have already gone through a lot of things, you have been in a lot of jail, but if you are above that too, you are a father.  If you are 55-60 years old, don't show your children to the new grinding mill, they do n't get leave. Dabangg said, it 's your father, he has his own farm, if not a good farm, then it is a flat, something must be there, something must be HD, okay, something must be there, neither your son nor  There is a need to forward this knowledge in your family, there is no need to forward it in the society because my channel has unique benefits. I am a very good sexologist, to whom you can go and get relief and treatment.  It happens  But no one tells anyone else that so I came to me, I got myself analyzed by a very big analytics person, my channel has such great content but people don't forward your videos because they want to keep the knowledge, he gave me an example like this one.  I am fine with I know because after watching my videos you cannot sound very cool. Maybe the next guy to whom you are forwarding it may think that you want to listen to me because some of my videos are sent to husband and wife.  Which happens to him from the point of view and then sends the plates to the husband. There was a video of the dishwasher and the lady commented that I was tired of listening to my husband, now you have made this. Another lady wrote that my husband is not my husband.  Please forward some videos like this to me so that I can make videos of people doing job while watching the sun, doing a job, doing a job, I used to send it daily to women saying that it is okay, whatever is made, they say, today he is a dishwasher, isn't he?  he for a year  If I was not bringing it, then what actually happened to me? Many people are firing guns on my shoulders, I also know it is okay and sometimes even if you do n't forward it, that's why the channel is growing, the outlet is doing well, my happy eye.  I'm enjoying myself but do n't forward this one, it's okay, those whom I agree with, don't do those whom I ask you to do, just do that because from my side it is safe, this one is not safe, this one, keep quiet.  You can definitely write such finger on your lips in the comment. If you enjoyed the comment then do Imagica and do the job with a domineering attitude. You are doing the job in such a nervous manner that it means absolutely do not do the job in Ramu Kaka type of feeling, it is okay like those old movies. I was showing it just like this - Ramu Kaka has no choice, I mean, how can someone [ __ ] in someone's house for so many years, I mean, I used to think that the movie is fine, so don't act like this.  Be a little Dabangg Ok Kinda Dabangg Party Short with this life people you are living the maximum message like never dying How do people live life like never dying And how do they die like never living Interact from 15 year old 95 Rhodes And I'm saying a lot of things, when you get the time to reflect on your life on your death bed, no one will tell you about your life or you had to work after getting hurt, no one will do this. Speaks because I meet a lot of people on date, I do a lot of things, this is also why I talk to you, you are solid people, get a job and do it with full force, don't leave one meeting as much as your life, government employees, you look like a fool to me 80%  I can call government employees fools with great love. No one agrees with me that despite having so many holidays, you do not take your share and go towards cashing and claim. Take it, there is no such value of inflation in these cash deposits and take it if you have accumulated 200-300 for a few days, after that don't leave your people, we take pride, we did not take the leave which we were supposed to get and got it. You are not going to be there and your old age, we never take leave, you don't have any place to go, you do n't have family to travel to, they say what do you mean by, you have broken relations with parents whom you can't go to.  I don't get along with brothers and sisters, it costs ₹ 12000 per day to go to Goa. 10 12000 Where will you go? You will go for four days, after that there is leave. I know many government people. Government people get a month's leave, they get two months' leave, casuals are different.  If you get it for someone who does n't belong to you then where will you go brother and if you want to make you out of it, I don't go at all, it costs money to go on leave, but to stay idle, there are many people who are employed.  But consider it a holiday mentally, what is entertaining to me in this country and whether it will give you peace or sorrow somewhere in life, then discuss these things, do not share this video, watch it and watch it a lot, watch it a lot and show it to your wife and your  Sit in life and set life cool. Where is your life going from this video? How long will you ask for leave? How long will you have to do the job? I have turned 56 years old, will I ask for leave from a 40 year old, can I go to a 50 year old? It is said that if you do not manage your money even at 56, then you will not be able to become a tree even at 60. You leave your job at Twenty20. Golden Figure Astrology after 43 years. 42 years. I will tell you the ways to get freedom even after this. I will bat in every way.  I want to do it, I will tell you the ways to get freedom. If you are 41 years old then it is difficult and if you join then it is very easy and the one who started the job on the first day does not know it.  It should be that I am becoming a servant and if I am not able to get out then it doesn't matter but I know that I have to get out. Do the job with this approach. Don't have self-respect in the job. Self-respect needs you to go from the job. Yes, it is a compulsion. I know, I hope you.  People liked the video, share it with people, thank you very much.