That Hello friends, Welcome to Family Series Video Number-31, 12 videos have been made. If you have not seen the previous ones then you must watch them. Different topics related to the family have been discussed, they have been very well appreciated. Today's topic may be a little strange to many people. This question may seem different but it is very important to discuss, that is family planning. A political counselor, this family counselor, I am looking into this. People's knowledge is decreasing at all and not talking of lower class and talking of middle class and middle class end points I will tell you that no one is discussing these things first point this event before marriage use of emergency pills after marriage Using these discreetly by women is becoming a big issue. In the future, their pregnancy is getting complicated. The quality of having a child is getting affected and no one is telling them this. No one is teaching them quietly.  We use and when there are discussions, there are troubles, there is system when we talk, all these things have to be searched, I want to be on the society, please tell about your girls, women, wives, daughters etc. Tell them about this tree.  Regarding growth, have to be very very careful about this second thing, without proving your fertility, people are doing contraception after marriage, many years ago, the marriage itself is deleted. Delete, things are being eaten even after marriage, they are not being checked, I will put this in this fort, I am not a doctor and getting into the science and then time is getting into this behavior aspects of which you talk about late in marriage.  How much you are using the situation has to be seen. The basic idea of ​​contraception was to ensure that the first child is born and to give time to the second child so that it does not happen back to back. Earlier in India, it used to happen that the rules changed in the year, meaning that these back to back gear 2019 models were produced in the same models, like this, it was to fold all of them, so the responsibility was 7.30. There was a lot of concern about the men.  Don't just give, meanwhile, a very sad man takes responsibility, then the problem of women, ladies, ladies, this will be given to us soon in India by Akshay Kumar Suresh Kumar ji.  Toilet has become a love story. Earlier, women used to go out, that was subscribe to it, but someone did Bigg Boss, today I am bringing out this family planning toe. Some aspects of this standing have not been covered yet, they have been given titles. Will make a picture with folds, Sunny Deol's picture 'Tere Naam Yaad Nahi Aa Raha', these things have been taken as a joke, these words are being set by the society which does not take these things seriously.  A man is having a fit on marriage and real life. There is a discussion on the WhatsApp group on cryptocurrency that how much it will increase and where is the point of your bitcoin. They are discussing the whole thing here. They feel shy while discussing this. They do not know how to do stock market and do not play cricket at home.  But I don't know how to do real estate, I don't know how to do it, but this is a thing, ask mother, you do it, you are a question matter, women feel ashamed to ask, men feel ashamed, I give more records in this matter, cracked e used toe. Ladies pressure of thinking, they will not talk among themselves, they are not understanding that thing, these days neither the mothers have taken a hand in this, the development of making the children understand in a proper way to the next generation, they themselves are confused in their life and neither are they talking among themselves.  She is talking, sister-in-laws are talking, he is not talking, whom should I ask, everyone is trying to save their own, they are going to do the train travel method and that girl has voted, keep the responsibility that if there will be a child.  If she herself gets an ultimately unwanted pregnancy, then the woman will have to suffer. These options are now becoming so many. Left, Right and its causing problems in relationship are responsible for the problem to the health of the lady and active and the chances of pregnancy are reduced, then this thing is for you.  This video has to be shared, people should not feel shy, so I have talked about it, now you will feel shy even in sharing it, then see which direction the society is going.  If it is going inside then the men have to come and take responsibility and not leave all the things to the women of the contraption and after that, moving forward, what used to happen earlier used to be shown very openly on Doordarshan, otherwise take inside it. In 2019, the government used to teach a lot. Time  But if everything goes to the country then now no one even does the position of interest that perhaps everyone would know about these things, hmmm so they wanted to have the country first on Doordarshan.  Advertisements used to come, you people don't know how many people watched Matki Matki, why leave, why did the flower pot break, because both were weak, then they show that the child should not be done too often, not too much should not be done, they used to teach various kinds of government things and people used to watch. But half of the internet is with you and in the internet you will see only what you want to see, the rest you are not able to see all these things, so you are just not aware. It seems that you are there but you are not aware.  Mostly people are not aware. The fourth point of having permanent construction is being taken wrongly. Once you have one child, you have two children and if you don't want to have children then the man should take the responsibility and the woman should take the responsibility. Whatever the man does then he is capable permanent hunter.  This is called Tommy, it is a high clinic procedure, although it will be done outside, you do not need to be admitted, it is not a major operation, but unfortunately there are so many misconceptions about it.  In the society, no one tells, no one knows, and there is such a zero percent age, which means that those who are educated are less educated, the Czechs are less educated, there are those who think like this, if you take the sample size, then the people are single digit.  There is a percentage inside every layer, yet the government used to give some alerts to those who were government employees that if you got it done then you would get some money, that too as a pin government has thought, now no one does it.  There is a commission on the seventh pay commission, the commission does not know in which pay commission it has been stopped, okay, in that too, earlier people used to get some money by watching the active fans, now this is not the incentive, no one has any idea about it.  A huge program of the government is going on for this specific population. You should understand that the problem of population and selfish motive is not population at all, it is becoming an option. Women are living in the theater of terror that they have to  If you want to take some pills or take out some tension, then I will tell you the fifth point. This has created a lot of stress in personal life and marital life. Relationships in marriages are going downhill. Well, as a marital counselor, I am telling you that you are handsome but need a tail.  I have one honey and three, so many are coming in it. Whenever I make a video, it means that she is not normal, she has a very high figure, then I  I try to come and make it because there can be a lot of variety of individuals but you ca n't come and make that video but it's too big, it's going on, so it's always better back man 10 The responsibility of the permanent construction, a woman got a serial done  20 24 So that after three-four years he has again got another operation done, okay then there are so many thinkers in it so that the man can get one of his own done and this is what the woman is expert on.  Firstly, not many women are able to do this to get hot, but also if you search on Google then it will be released that what can we say in that, hundreds of women are already doing this much, so according to me, men should come forward in a big way.  Men should check, ask, discuss and this is the only thing which you can give in. The biggest advantage of this in married life will be that this YouTube like Tommy Nothing Ever  Changing life: Friend inside that you cannot become a father, then do you want to become a father? If you have two children of someone else and with your wife, the very fact that you will give this thank you. Aware, now the job is for him and her.  Apart from the children who are also yours, you cannot become anyone else's child. This will bring so much peace to his mind that your positive married life will improve. You understand that the app is now I note gastro.  Put that medical astrology, put something else, this third fourth, I am taking 600, I am between something with the family to subscribe and please, there are two women, there are younger sisters and daughters around you, talk to them openly, shyness and lottery using.  In the name of some things, all the situations, they are very happy, but using the subscribe discreetly thing is getting hormonal subscribe and its  Peel Not Handle Like When Scandal Does It Stress [ __ ] In The Merit Come Tinder Relationship With Them For Traveling And These Are The Things You Have To Share With Maximum People Don't Be Shy While Discussing Cryptocurrency Share Market The Said Accused Subscribe Morning Message Good Night  The meaning of the message should be in school, it should be like this, respect elders, children, send this message that ours is useless.  Akshay Kumar ji has so many daughters when he was there and now he is requesting me with folded hands that if I post them on Twitter then my request to Akshay Kumar ji is please make the next picture on this one. He started his toilet and explained to the world that picture.  In the super hit Spider-Man, people used to get scared due to which people felt ashamed. You are openly talking about the government officials about menstrual hygiene. Report Hygiene.  Distributing free to female and all, doing less district like this, someone Sharma is talking about disposal Neeraj Bishroi Khichar that it has become the movie of the toilet, given technical ghee, it is in the movie of Spider Man, it has become the mother of the third one in the trilogy of the nickel  I am giving the topic, I am giving the topic, the picture was made by investing Rs 20 crores, that too will be a superhit, this one is very good, that Bigg Boss, that one also has issues.  There were many but this one has too many issues, this is also a big subject which needs address in mainstream media Mainstream Social Media and should be taken up by being influenced players I am not Pacific Influential Sir S8 Le Quit Them That Laugh as Much as You Can  I am trying to do this, I request you with folded hands, please discuss this subject, discuss it, do not feel shy that I am a father.  So if I have a daughter then how should I talk, if I am a father-in-law then what am I, if I am a breath then how should I talk and this is fine when there is no shame in giving birth to a child and so much population is created by our hard work then 140 crore such rules come from above suddenly.  So you should not feel ashamed even talking about these things. Thank you.