Hello friends, you must have heard the saying ' pasaron pasaron after seeing the foot sheet', it is a belief system, we have heard it a lot, we are fine, so the time has come to crush it, it is fine in life because it is called a goldsmith by many, what does it mean in general? That your feet should be as much as your capacity, so spend as much water as you can. This was applicable for many years when India was in poverty. Today is 2022 and we will go in 23. Now it is not applicable.  Is this, if looking at the sheet, the sheet is very small and I am not able to spread my legs and the child inside the ghoom-vhoom is neither a baby position nor tight, by doing this and doing this, I am lying down like this, then my  There will be pain in the legs and everywhere in the body What About Increasing the Size of the Bed Sheet Nobody Teachers About Date Nobody Talks About the Date Let's Increase the Size of the Bed Sheet  If my feet are coming out, then let's increase the bed sheet. Han ji, how will the bed sheet increase? The wife will do the job, the mother will also reduce something and we will reduce the extras by 2 hours to 3 hours and every member of the family will go towards monetization. Wife of Diamond Merchant in Gujarat.  Diamond merchant is a big thing, have you ever met in Surat etc. You are a big party, she is also the wife of diamond version, there is no need to reduce her, normal definition.  According to this, she also used to speak with her daughter-in-law in the evening, you earned today by selling papad, you earned less by selling suits, do whatever you want, see people selling vegetables selling diamonds and asked, ' D thing, I have not seen this,' she said to all other Gujarati people. Take it and tell the child, you too, you are also an old wife, you are also an old man, you have made such a big sheet, now stop saying this dialogue that you should spread your legs after seeing the sheet, tell me, make the sheet bigger.  Then look at your feet, today I will tell you one more thing in Limited, there are people from very rich families who have very high assets, do you think that their monthly expenditure would be Rs. 1 crore, the most expensive among them is Ghee.  There are nine calories in ghee, so how much expensive food can one eat in a gram, one will eat two-three fruits, one will drink half a kilo of milk, the other will eat almonds, the difference in food is such that there can be a lot of difference between the rich and the poor, much more than before.  It may happen in poor people but  I am middle class American, I am talking, there can't be much difference, he will eat four rotis, punch roti, he will eat multigrain Naughty's, he will eat ₹ 40, so what time, you can calculate how much, all the clothes will be dry cleaned, yes, we will not get them ironed by a normal washerman.  By the way, even if you throw dirty water and press it, you will also press it unnecessarily with a dry cleaner. The car will always be clean from inside. The driver means expenses and income, so I have done a lot to make the factory bigger. Take an example, a person is 6 feet tall and 5 feet 5 inches tall, there is no need for more than that, there is no need to do it like this, then how many people will be lost in this, if there are wrong aadhyatte and wrong habits, there have been Murali issues but inside the morality.  While living in legality and morality, there is no need of much money to live very well, so this has been said again and again about everything, taking a sheet, taking an iPhone, taking it 50-6070  Took ₹ 80000 once a month, so this is the mindset of lack that I have to do only this much. If you are feeling tight and the bedsheet seems small to you, then do not tighten your legs too much. Arthritis Australia Arthritis will occur.  And batorness will go. If you want to make the sheet bigger then make the sheet bigger, discuss it in it, discuss it in the family, discuss the assets and see from where money can be earned to reduce the woman.  Tell me, will you say anything less? 40,000 kamaegi, is it better than this, copy is good without tax, 50,000 rupees are not taxed, that net cash looks very good, I have ₹ 6 lakhs worth ₹ 180, it will work, it will help you, believe me in increasing the bedsheet, it's  Un believe system break different system and say han write si want tu increase de size of de charger investment in one thing because inflation is very  Give high running inflation. Investment is for the one who earns money. For the one who does not earn money, it is better for him to earn money first. So focus on this and do not always be with this mind set. I have got so many sheets throughout my life. Meanwhile, your feet will be covered in the bedsheet, then you will get married, one she will come, then the little baby will come, there will be his, then perhaps another one will come, brother, you will have to increase the bedsheet, are you okay, so you are just joking.  That's right, I have a bigger message for you all, mindset change happens from here, once it is okay, it is okay from here, tell me how you felt, no problem, I am very very hopeful, why my audience must have understood this, please share with people, thank you.  You