Hello friends, the topic I have brought today is called Point Rise in Real State Bank. Okay, I will tell you now and at the end I will also give an offer to my subscribers, so stay connected till the end. Now add it to the front page of the newspaper.  Real estate ads have started coming which used to be made for iPhone in 2019. 2020. We know how it has gone. Now you can check out any real estate website in Delhi. Real estate ads have started coming. Wake up when this time starts. Today is the time for the customers to wake up and I have made this video to spread awareness among the people and the customers. You can forward this video in whatever form you are in. I was feeling a lot of pain in my eyes so I thought that  The first trick is to donate Rs. 15 to charity. Yes, promise returns that you will get cents on 24. Audio property. You have to be careful with all these things. You have to make your mind that when the interest rates have reached 67 cents.  If you get the money at Rs. 89, then why is the builder giving you cents at Rs. 24? Is he giving you the goods worth Rs. 100 even after selling them at Rs. 130 by taking out 24 cents from it or has the confidence of the banks asked the builder to raise that money in the market?  This is the only way he has, this same thing was played out in Greater Noida side in 2011 12 13 14, people used to laugh a lot last time, this time again some story is coming like this. You have to be very careful and do not get involved in these rounds of a small affordable housing 1820 2224 so that at the time of taking it we have the same 25 and it should be there but when such dances are given to us then our questions do not arise then it is up to us to see why.  Don't wake up and the audio property is high. It is playing on a psychology that you need closure in life. Just like a lover, if he doesn't get back then he needs closure in like.  If you convert something worth ₹ 100 into ₹ 130 and give it to you for ₹ 5 by giving an interest of ₹ 2025 on some property of yours, then you will feel that brother, that ₹ 25 has been spent and you will feel very relieved. The price is on the wall tube, which you know the value of.  What you get rich you don't know how much is the som value ask someone in the market in Gurgaon market I have an idea of ​​values ​​who want to enter things in login put  Have already put it, want to put it, you can contact once, you can do next, you can ask, the rest of the country is independent Dainik Rishi, it's your money, whoever has to do whatever they want, please do it okay, contrast with this commercial space is khatra, I have talked about this earlier also.  I have made a video, I will add the link to it and I will give you Rs. 2,000. I want to tell you that this is a very progressive space, you should stay away from it. Till date, I have not seen anyone investing his own money in it. Inheritance money seems like a huge amount of retirement money, it seems like a lot of fun, it's a train, it's a train and A. What is the reason that we will not enter into his household tips, but this is a lot of retired officers, laughed a lot in this, and 10 projects got stuck.  Let's go, there is one who has been appointed to your house, I was leaving here, what happened so many years ago in Sector-29, who was the boss, Quid Commercial Project Hotspot is stranded and he  Don't even tell anyone to laugh because the money in this is three big like that and no one complains if residential buildings are not built then there is an uproar, newspaper in the hair and this is to threaten the public by making 1070, that is absolutely a lot.  Common man is a common man, the commercial should not attract the common man and he is a special man, brother, he has his own choice, my channel is for middle class, ninth class and appointment class, enter my subscribers. My request to you since 2018 is please take some society shop in commercial space, get it at a good rate in a good society, that's fine, you can take a check for that too, but you don't need to play adventure without that, India's top company space. You guys know that the pending launch of the company is going on, it is reducing the base of the company, it is changing the landscape, the whole syllabus of the course will be changed, I did not understand what happened, the purpose will be told later.  It must be cheating, no one told me, did not explain it, otherwise not many are being launched, please avoid them and those who are still not understanding what I am saying, want to remain in denial, I would like to tell them that you have taken a commercial, sell it, remove it and car  You will come to know about that commercial, whether you sell it or not, you can withdraw the investment, how much is being eclipsed, it is sleeping, you will automatically know what is its status, it is very important for you, it was till commission for me, after that  Next third ODF is Will Commissioner Vilas Low Rise in Gurgaon market, I am telling very specifically that protest is being shown in Vilas police station along with Rs. 6 crores, whatever crores are different, those people should not immediately cut copy and paste the country.  On fun, India is India Energy, so here you have increased the luxury all the same, there is no separate edifice in it, no entry will be made from outside, it will be a beggar society but that is your house and not its four walls.  There is no completely open feeling, that psychologically which gives you a lottery for your pocket money channel. There is something different and unique in it. For a minute, all the houses look the same. There is a small balcony attached to Malpuriya, this is there, do not give space.  The amount of money they are taking is the actual matter, it is not better than this, take that plot for your thousand judge's quarters, 24 brothers together are friends and make rooms as per their own. This program must be less good than the balcony, drying clothes, sitting in the sun, because it will also convert Paul's super area and send it on the same chart. I absolutely do not find this product value for money. If you are earning a lot of money, then 276 points are available.  You can also get it from and if your products are low rise flooring then you are looking at the bathrooms too. Your issues will come in this lot in 25 sectors and 239 places in Gurgaon.  I am giving an example, the products were released there in the early twenties, the rates are the same today as the rates which were released 10-15 years ago, I want to tell you about some of the bigger ones, today I want to tell you that the rates of punch fruits will not increase as much as people buy them.  The club house that is promised in this is the game of club house, it will give itself to the rest of the club, it will give it to the general public too, come give your money, if I take the membership.  This is not a complete holiday for you and some bottles are coming from 5 different pockets with different names in their own name. No, she does not make any name here. She gives 24 acres of house and gives 24 and these psychology yes.  Given that at this time I am not finding any value for money, this product will add a lot of value to the website, a lot of people are getting attracted to it right now, you go and check it out with them that the polytechnic has this size rooms. What is its size and the facilities inside it, are they active? How many are they shed facilities? I do n't find this value for money anywhere near some builders. Beautiful settlement 30 years ago, then factors. Can they allot their plot to Usman?  Don't think about the remaining Rs 1520, you will have to make separate floors and send them. Do n't take ₹ 1 by mistake for investment. The best thing about builder floor is that you return it yourself. Become a builder and definitely send very good returns back to the world. I now interpret winters ahead and explain it to the products and profit margin wife and husband wife. They make wave alarm set but it looks good and very good and attracts a lot. The two rooms at the back.  You will see two covered rooms behind the previous one. You have to do the next thing with your hands in your hair. An uncle will come out from behind. From here, both of them will also see some life of good businessmen.  People, it is correct that the main rooms will be at the back, and in the rooms at the front, uncle and aunty will be sitting in the front, just like you, he will be drinking tea, removing them daily, this will also be visible and if you are getting some cheap ones, then I will still say.  Come on friend, it is sold so expensive there, it doesn't matter, get it done, this is a good place, let's meet everyone, this is off, look at others, what has happened to the middle class, there is no problem, people are taking the money in full and are giving.  go and check  Who will do the motor work to supply water? If four gym boys live on one floor, then you stay on the first floor, nano second and you live on the third floor, then save your name and if you will do the motor work, then two daughters will keep water for them, they will take care of that.  But multi storey apartment vs builder floor, we have to talk only about futuristic, first of all, if we don't talk about it, then after all what goods are coming in different segments, I am discussing the importance in this only, you have to see, Jeena will clearly call you.  The upper part will fall off in front of the face. You have parked the car like this, he has put it at the back, then Gaurav bhaiya, move the car or reverse it, I am standing behind you saying that we will move the car tomorrow, if he had been making cartoons about moving the car the whole day, then there would have been a cross on my car. You killed your bike, why did you blow it up, saying that the people on the first floor will not pay for it, Rs. 6000 operating cost per month, Rs. 45 thousand, that we are like that, no one gives money during those crop times, tell anyone that I have to vaccinate someone, brother.  If we charge Rs 12000, then there will be security at night. Out of the four districts, two say that we will take it but do not give two. This will be echoed on the basis of 6 security guards. You people should think about this, so you people should stick this stuff so that the public has to see that you.  This is a long one and you have to watch it if you still enjoy staying connected to the ground. Take God's plot as per the voice mail I gave it to you. Brother, make app related and friends in this and share it among yourself.  Well we'll see no we'll always be together and we'll indulge each other and make it all ours if we have to do it then we can do it okay so it was the same three quarter prayer wanna tell open patrak openness drop test big big on the track we All of them need openness in the middle of the city. Now I want to ask, here you need it outside the society, you need it inside your society because if the mind has to make a case then that openness is visible because if we do not come then you get tracked there.  But you can try  So Pooja, I don't know what will happen tomorrow and if the society starts forcibly from within, then there is a lot of it in the country, so in this you have to see that it would be better to take such a place, where you have full guarantee of how many things there will be no limestone left in India or  So, let's make it an Englishman, he will make something like earlier in the society, Kunwar was sold openly in Nagpur and everyone built one tower, another tower, third tower, seeing like this, only one shadow on one, only one shadow on the tree, somewhere there is innocence.  Having more  This is what the builders have exposed in their respective girlfriends. The body is also made in the fourth part. Nearby, this theft is inherent, hence it is a mistake, but you have to see how much you can expose.  And do not go for the sake of openness in this, Nainital, Mussoorie, Shimla, such hill stations were used to look like 30-35 years ago, but there is a little bit of openness because it is open to everyone. Tracks, he becomes on the improvement, Mr. sends by showing goal post office, I made this, then he will make it here, by showing more sports, then he will make it here, he used to make Bigg Boss less productive than breaking, as if he was getting down from the side.  When you cut, its size keeps getting smaller, isn't it? At that time, people made malls over there and over here commercial space was showing Everybody Loves Road, Google's eyes, what should I do, so you people have to see about this thing. Openness is a big price, it is the basic of Indians that when we buy clothes for our children or buy a sweater or buy a jacket, take this decision yourself that next year we will first recover the money and then the next year too, when the child studies, right? It was not visible on the other side, it has a cham, then it also seems to be sitting, it must be starting from its shoulder, there are more bushes below and by the time we remove it, it comes according to the size, its direction changes, so it is our every  cheese on the side  If you relate it to the example, please like it. I bring all this example with great difficulty, you will have to think a little, this openness is very big traffic and where there will always be openness, there will be no feeling there, mother, even things will not come.  Medicated will be an issue here at Madhuri's place, even the vegetables and the test will be expensive because the schools will also be very expensive, everything will be expensive but there will be openness and there will be milk and wherever you go you will have to get it in the light and you will get what you want.  If there is sugar on the cooker then there is 1431 rupees in cash and if it gets spoiled then you don't know how far you will have to go to get it changed because Google can't change it. I wrote the details of four such items in SST. Want to see more list what's happened item is ok number carpenter washer wheel alignment guy gas guy 50 like this whatever vegetable guy me and sucked answer people we want ok so that news  Items are necessary in life because as you grow old, you do not want that I also want to light the tomato village today, so see what is happening in the last strategic decision paralysis ki decision summary strike and you do not take the season at all.  People have said that these cotton fruits come with so much input because after taking so much money, you will not get only the property. I am married for solar, so I give an example according to the marriage. By taking lifting, you get boys and girls, you get them first and then later.  When we meet, it is as if the girl should be beautiful, she is determined to become an actor, okay, Sushil warns, slowly and a little more, what does he say, she should also be good, now no one is going to be clean about the girl, even the family.  It should be good, okay, son, the boy you are marrying should have a cute smile and father, tell me, if you are working, then brother, it is good, then she should be friendly with me too. Someone should say, yes, please cook, medical tourism.  wish list note  I do this, I become 1820, I get 1820 points and I am not a sister for the girl's, here I have 125 in the crossing over for the girl's, I have a lot of answers from both the sides, so I should tell her that I will get the list. All will be found there, that is, if we gather more girls together then both of them will be completed. If there are 1 million people and if there are only one then your girl has no status, you yourself do not have the status. Okay, so if I  Like the ocean should also be visible in the text and some meaning should also be there in the middle of the city and there should be a little forest and flowers should also be worshiped and the speed of the complete Vidyas, the lion should also be quarter, it should also be cheap, it should also be branded, and people should also be living well and  All the facilities are there day by day but you have to search, nothing ever happens like this, it is not like this, you have to look at your 24 tujhe, it becomes literal only when the tantrums subside, property is also taken like this, now the people of Dwarka have an open style.  Dwarka's need is as if they come to Gurgaon to get it, okay Eminent, this good person has a tractor, insurance and construction, till now the matter is that their case is 10 lakhs, there are side effects even in the middle of the liaisoning and they need a mixture of both, you can get that mixture, but when Till then the vote will become so smooth in Gurgaon as the subject looks in Dwarka. Here Rs 11000 will be broken. Now your rate here will be on 6265 7704 and other targets.  I am doing one and a half flight, my friend's flight is Rs 10,000 and above the girls I say something, I am a basic basic flight, it is Rs 50 and a half, you can see here, so when today he wanted this, he gave all this openly and when he  If it is Redmi, it will be done because that work can also be done here, so it is for the people to see that decision-making.  The prayer goes away, all the charity goes away, everything becomes clear, that price goes down, then what do they say on the news, things go up and when they invest in the share market, they have to have a little faith that the company will do this.  Now it will happen that HDFC Bank is all the banks of yours, now it is allowed that you can go to government and private banks, so the point is that you are worried now, that thing will not be there, so if anyone had any idea about this thing earlier.  it  The amendment in life is that you have to earn money only on the basis of you and non-veg, if a teacher forgets then she will be in price, at this time I tell you the takeaway on the letters, this is the first thing, like perfect husband and first wife are not listed as perfect.  The property also does not raise questions, you people have to see yourself in it, whether you want it or not, the water plant of the property has already been done, the most interested people are coming down and the existing goods.  In this you have to take a choice, there is not much end supply, if something is scratched in 19, then the matter is that you will not get anything from 24, 25. When the world will move in the market, you will get all these things without buying, many people will see the sudden increase in the rates, then still the question will come that  Why are the rates increasing, it has increased so little because it is being distributed, this is to be seen, the second thing is commercial, so I request you with folded hands, do not buy, normal man, please do not.  If you beat someone if he has twenty fifty crores lying around, then this is a duel because he has the information which you have, hence he is rich, he cannot make a copy on the warrant, he cannot copy Rakesh Jhunjhunwala in Vestige, the opposition both are here, investors come and give him presentation.  They take everything and invest after understanding everything, understanding that it is very big and we have no intention of losing their money either by physical exploitation.  Is it near the middle class that you mean your fifty sixty seventy lakhs, we got it tested and on the same you get nine ten percent down so that your new one is zinga lala from next month, in 2006 you will get checks from somewhere which are sugar based, after that it will stop.  It will happen and then you will not even be able to tell anyone about the problem in residential property. If you keep crying till then, there is greed in the discourse, so no one talks about a greedy person, they will fry him, this is just  We do n't need our own script in Haryana. We don't need our own script. This channel is showing subscriptions. Reversal translators are taking this research. What does it mean that they are not paying money from the market? Chocolate Milkshake. I can get a home loan at 6.57%, but I can get 12% from you.  But if I am taking it then it means that my travel income is not there, there is something wrong in my tax returns that the bank is not giving loan, my standing in the market is not enough to be able to give loan from the banks, that is why.  I am giving 12 cents to you aliens or am I a gardener or am I giving something wrong, so it is up to you all to think and the last thing I said above is as simple as that you are taking the decision of my property.  If you subscribe then you can connect with me and navy especially decision Maithili Stapleton inputs and value will tell you that this is the rest of your book it is your wish that it happened there and not to do if  So if I can explain it in four to five minutes, then on Victim Everybody's Welcome, someone has to understand very well that because the matter is very expensive, then see for that in the revealed condition, it will have to be difficult for two one and half inches, then you can connect with me.  Can I have someone's property acquisition in Delhi NCR, rest is somewhere else too, you can ask, it's not like that, I have a very good idea about the place too. My request is to please subscribe the channel.  I have n't tried it yet and this video of mine has become a little bigger but they are getting a strike and the rat never knows why that thing is lying there. Look inside it if it tells that the ginger-garlic thing.  If the character is not getting the thing shown, till date he has not got any thing then it is necessary to tell it to the rat. We are all rats and if there are things all around, we get attracted very quickly. So tell me how did you like the video of Jaago Maa Jaago?  please share  please thank me