Hello friends, today's topic is, do you want to build a house, do you want to return, then five things which you need to keep in mind before you start on this campaign, many people will buy their plot with the thought that there will be no further plot but the ultimate plot.  But no one has built a house, so ultimately I am pressuring the person who built the house. Address those who are crazy about the plots, directly and indirectly, especially Gurgaon.  In the real estate market, the first expert who is very interesting is to listen to what you have to see, whatever plot you are buying, the rate at which you are buying it, if you are taking such investment to build your own house, then you have to see that ultimately what  You have to do a calculation on building a house that if these four will come out of this then the cost of the land of the floor was so much, then suppose you are buying a flower plot worth Rs. 83 crores including the registry.  75 lakhs, but if a house will be built in 2 years, if you also want to build it, then you will have to add that interest in it and it will be profitable only then, you will have to take seven and a half percent per year because the loan is running at this rate only in our market.  I or cost opportunity arises, after that you see stop construction. Now the biggest second in this, which is my point, goes, cost of construction, what is cost of construction, if  You will catch a builder and tell him, you will catch a contractor and say, you can build my house along with the materials, he will quote the rate as something like 25, 26, 27 pending and also have an average specification list that now here, if you give him 272 I, you will get better than this.  If you do the calculations, you will get the benefit of hiring one of the renowned builders who are coming out these days in Delhi.  Signatures coming out from big planes, coming out from DLF, whatever smartphone you bought, you know what is its price, you have to calculate its pricing, how much will it cost to me, then if your cost is more than that then someone else will compare with you.  If you don't buy it, you will buy it because his minutes are better. Once all your belts are ready, Sylvester only took so much time to get the belt ready, otherwise it takes many years to complete the work.  Security has spread internationally in the 19th. Well, on top of that, you will still save money. The third point is that you will get the money only when you will make it for your child by standing on your own. You have to see who makes it by standing on your own. Will you make it by scanning? I am someone's judgement.  I got a job, the money in it is 700 to 800 rupees, Bastar Malviya, it seems good, but if 4 more are being made these days, then someone's father should make an arrangement to stand by.  You are making it for the children, it is getting exhausted and the young generation does not have the personal time or patience because they have to bring the same from many places, the plumber's head which is easy to connect with the carpenter and the electrician and the printer and the POP and the tile seller. No one has come today, no one has come, no one has come, and one more infection, let me tell you, whatever skilled manpower is available, these are the top builders, they have been taken from the market, they are the best plumbers.  Mistry and these are available in the market and those who were of second color, those who would have been normal builders, have gone to them, which means those who write for 2.5 thousand ₹ 3000, this one has gone to them, so you will not have that left at all.  He will be of third color only, you understand that he will be of third color only, he will not be so good, let me calculate and tell you like a truck driver has one, he is cleaner and he is learning to drive the truck and is cleaning his hands.  If you go on some route and become a regular CAB driver, if you don't go to a coaching academy then you will find many people who wash their hands like this. You know, that mechanic was a laborer, he is washing his hands in your house and the labor will run away because the difference is less.  The hair that these people keep is blended, it becomes plant type, they have to pay money on a monthly basis, so those people are as per their fit, that time is trying to spell in this secondary this video to Mossad.  Subscribers that these days building a house is not only difficult but it is becoming impossible, the estimate is not known, we will build it as per our own needs, we were thinking that the correction will be done in Rs. 1.25 crores, it is revealed that the structuring is ready now.  And her daughter-in-law's make-up is interesting. The whole house is fine. It will take you more time to do her make-up. Something is worth considering which you have to see. You are on.  If you are buying, then even if someone buys it, then it is a reverse calculation calculation. So you have to see how close they are in this calculation. If you have to grind, if you are looking for 2 years and this which is at 10 of 2017.  If you get cent percent then you get money in the house in 2 years then I will not sleep after working so hard and doing everything, so do this calculation, I am telling you this question again for your success.  I listen carefully subscribe that what is the cost of clans what is the cost of instructions is the builder margin which you can go with 20% and is difficult it will be 7 and a half percent per year so if you see for 2 years then 15  But the center does your workout, then when you enter this formula, you will know how much my first floor is coming, then if you compare that.  One and a half video is playing today. Now September will be twenty-two. According to that, I am explaining to you that it is possible that in the next seven, eight, ten months, if these famous builders go, they will take it to such a high rate.  It may make sense again after a year, but today is not the day, you also have to understand that in this market, there is a miss price, dynamic pricing, this is what we have to do, if the draw of plots here is too much, then it makes sense.  it is now  Many people would ask me that if it makes so much sense, then why is it making the floor? If I send the plot to buy, then the answer is that these people have taken such an expensive line and on top of that, the cost of construction also increases because they  According to this specification, part of the calculation is 280 Kishor construction cost if you build them but they do not have to deal with 1819 because they are making 400 flights so it is so difficult for them.  So, if we build it our own, then we also extract profit from the construction cost, which I and you can extract because we are building a house, so how much time will I spend on a house, I will fit four walls, don't even make a bathroom.  I feel that even when taken together, they are looking 409 fit, then everything becomes more difficult for you, so it is cheaper for them. Utilization Supervisor on Women Empowerment, if you sleep in a loot fashion, then that is why you yourself  Will make you of the same specification on 28th April, if you caught any contractor from above, if he is not standing on this occasion, then in place of that 16mm body, he is inserting short tempered glass, put 7075 here, then you don't even know that 50 of 7075 is there.  It turns out that yes, a dirty deed has been done but a bluff should have been called. Ideally, in the next chapter, it was a bad mistake and you won't even realize it, so it will be here accordingly.  Quality of construction is better in meeting supervision, better end project and productive, better supply changes, better logistics, they also do procurement from here, quality dynamics are good, they are also taking 5 years guaranteed warranty from top renowned builders. So, everything seems to be correct for them and they can go and see and it is a huge difference. How much did you understand, do comment in the video comment section. Write now, you see that in big cities I am talking about six to eight months. In cities like Gurgaon, if you have to buy a plot, then it is in small cities or in small cities, where are Abu's lemons? I will say that it also happens to him.  So flowers are for graves, flowers are flowers, they come in different books, it was fever, there was a different direction in eating food, you have this product in Gurgaon, in small towns you don't have any like this in Gurgaon.  Kachchi colony gives you children, plot gives you affordable housing, on top of that, your Deendayalwale, then Deendayal, cheap days, expensive Deendayal also got three-four categories, now you know, then your AC two-tier, then your old flats, then you can take the floors of old apartments. Your builders are making the floors which means they are normal sugar who are making them after coming from Delhi, nowadays it is fine so that is the choice then you have AC two tier AC 1ST  Year then you don't know how much strength in Gurgaon so if I go with the portfolio then at least 10 days 15 16 type I have another one in a small town you have stars in a small town quality will come Have to buy a plot new uploads  Old plot, old HUDA sector, new MLA, if you come to the colony, then you are doing work there but don't think that you want to replicate it here, then today you will be getting here.  The biggest advantage is that the whole thing gets ready in 2 years. Someone keeps on walking on their own that after the war houses are being built and many of those who had returned earlier used to think that they will have to build something, now the school road till Delhi [Music] cement.  The former and the former keep crying Subscribe Now Correction Jha has started blowing and this is a little bit less relative but still that gaze is visible, okay then you will not see it, those who are living within the walls, who are currently doing projects  Hey, this one will not be there, now the school nearest to me, what is the thing that becomes smaller in size and you will get the payment in the language, you will get the complete inside, so you know that there is a thing, so I am doing it on this occasion, so my  got his also 700 ₹50 you subscribe this channel subscribe so that you a system system 2013 your bad spinners oy because if you 2000 12 13 14 15  Validations Go Past Plot Rates Wet Loose Subscribe Ronit Roy Division Seems To Be Very Very So In That That Subscribe On the other hand, this cycle is always changing As you see it, if it is equal, it will keep going on, so I will always be a scale  Will take calculations and will ask this type of question: If you people are connected to cheese house number and are connected to Bloody Mary, then you need to add more in the address number. Why I have mine, you have the wall number below, you can put any of yours on it, if you have any problem in understanding, if you have not understood some part properly, if you have doubt, then please do more in the comment section and I am also sure on WhatsApp.  Thank you, send WhatsApp message, call WhatsApp, call is not answered but you think Ritu gives number, then call does not give number 11 for message, so that sometimes I will not spend the whole day on the phone, sometimes it is active for 1 hour every day.  So I replied coldly, people are fine, for this reason, if you want, then write WhatsApp message thank you.