Hello friends, I have brought five wrong investment concepts which are filled through different sources. First of all, it is taught that any advisor comes, it is auspicious that you will make the best investment, you will make this investment, your daughter will be of this age then she will  If you come for a wedding, then cook food like this on tempered glass, buy this policy, don't invest my money in your daughter's wedding, or Abu will fry you. Ritu is very counterproductive, okay, I am this.  No, it is not saying, don't put that time telling, this goal is the best investment is all about closing the shop. If you put in this mind-set to think, if you have to put a quarter inch reminder, then you will not do this goal in the basin and will not get locked in anything.  You will remain open, you have no words, now if you don't want to speak, then I will reach here, how the whole system is making cloves in such a way that you should be this round, your daughter Ajay, in today's time marriages after reaching marital. People are not doing it and when they are doing it, they are doing it. You plan a wedding of Rs 50 lakhs, he did the same thing, he invested Rs 1.5 crores in the Rs 50 lakhs, the marriage did not last for 45 days. We lost our old games about money.  Keep everything upside down, that's why remove this Gol 20 investment contract from your mind, there is a lot of pressure. Let me tell you with another example, Sir, you will put this seven thousand like this in a year, then you will toughen it up in Europe and then you will have so much money.  Will go to Gold Investment Fund or speak in the West or comment on Amboya Kalam's flex live telecast? He will make me change my job someday and will earn money till my last breath because won't your aspirations increase that once you visit that place you will earn further money.  So put it in it like a piggy bank and once you go through this role you will not feel like going because you are being dealt with so much middle class illuminati will keep you dealt with in the job I have this  So gold is best at that time, don't invest, don't talk to me, gold is best, don't do it, money is money, money is money, after every 5 years, after 10 years, you will decide what happens to the money, in this you will get many products.  If it is being pasted, then word it secondly, always to the senior citizens who have gone above sixteen years, MD Vinayak, remaining mutual funds, this very gram concept is being put in all these circles. I want to tell you that it is available everywhere, I also want to tell you that I have so much money that I am a very handsome investor, one who is different from Senior Citizen 05, okay, gone, my wife, a separate dependent, where to keep it, keep it from where to invest, so that's it.  Let people know that those people had opened it, some are lying around, some are ready, some are from income tax generation, many of them are from your group, the videos are from earlier, it has been 3 years, many are not known anywhere.  No, this is not the wound that it brings, so many thousand crores, 22 thousand crores of claim investments, it belongs to such scoundrels and the wife does not know who should sell them, what to do with them, what to do with the poor people, what to do with them, people do not know about the nominee and laser wave.  I do n't know the difference, people used to think that if I have made a nominee then it will just belong to someone, it is not like this that animals do not vote in fashion. After one page, according to me, all the elders are real in sixty-five.  You should enter the estate, if you talk about real estate, then at a young age, details related to Gurjar, we will lose, we have to live a special life, now who will handle the real estate, your children will handle it, do it jointly with them, show the time, 1ft gives you five percent today, tax on it.  It seems that tomorrow it will give 24, it will give three, it is going at this rate, even today there are many properties in Gurgaon like example people who will give 57 cents in tally persons and fix and that.  Friend, whatever is the point, one percent will increase and decrease as the number of years increases and the number of things will increase as the Bigg Boss impression increases and if the rent is ₹ 100, if it is our Holi, it will be only ₹ 70, after forward it is ₹ 33, then you get a discount, whatever amount you earn in FD.  The money is taxable in front of the caste and you have given the FD to your next generation which has increased darkness and you did not even know that the money was there.  From how low will the value of gas not go down and then the same thing, what is the benefit to us, then you do not even have that liquid gas, it is not that you ignore it all over the world, either 101 Canada Switzerland is going to be in  If there is a program for you, then you will see that it will benefit you even in this age and it will be visible to the whole world today, this is this, this is this, this is this, this is the number devil's maintain, this is a different thought process, give a little help to your parents.  Tell me the second thing which is going wrong and is being told and explained wrongly, not by home early, I made a video of this grand bus, please come and watch it, then I have told the basic thing openly, told the people that you and this person drive a big bus only. And I don't know who is who, no one knows and they have been made to believe that only a normal person will get involved in it, only the right people will do it, this is how it is a mid-day meal thing in this country, the day it is part of the house.  Tiger used to go and become a job  Like leave after losing the job, it feels scary, it was a day off, subscribe, all those who had left, small smart people from big cities, work from home boys, girls had come, torn, whoever is not there, only those who did not have their own homes, only then  The one who has gone to his parents' house gets the same inner feeling as the one who comes home, neither should I search for him, it becomes like this, money is spent in the back, support is given in front, which becomes one's home and the sooner people come, the sooner they will become modest.  take it no one says  Let it be a dream house, in the pursuit of a dream house, you will be ready for 3540 years of grinding and that wife should never do clipping, then do that and if she is happy with life, you respect her, then in small  You will also travel, you have to take it home quickly because if your Mi goes, you will get relative income tax rate and will save and rental. Now the moving husband and wife jam that double income tax. Rebate will be available but the public will not tell much because those who are consumer discretionary and those who are involved in the selection process will give it interactively because if you have bought a house then there are some things, will you buy like this or will you buy a small car, will you get some other ones, will not change the house soon.  The curtains don't change too soon and they get settled. If you don't change houses again and again, then this is not your soft use of the relationship. Neither is it yours to make bloody changes. There is stability in life.  Vishal Vacation of Life, I will make a video, please write in the comment section, we want to solve equations of life, this one will play a big role in it, it will turn out very good, but whether you have children of your own or you are your own, how soon will you get home  Everyone is not teaching it, they are taking it to a fixed time date, keeping in mind all the calculations, the rate which is there and the expert has come up with it, he calculates it as 8.5 and he says that in the next  It will remain the same for 20 years and you will keep giving the same and if you invest it in a mutual fund then this thing is fine. Fourth, I think that it is the most irrigating and you must have also seen and heard from me that if you are an investor then you will spend more if your father has done this. If you had done this 20 years ago, then you would have invested like this. You have always heard such things about investing by taking the market. No, please post it in the comment section. I will share it further.  If I had been the same in my previous life or in Ganga ji, then if I was born in Mukesh Ambani's house, write anything, if you know anything, then if this had happened, I would have done my duty with this condom, otherwise my career.  There is no typing in life if but there is no need to do anything. When one was born today, then this is the meeting today, let's talk further. In the future, I will take forward that simple one which is point one and I told you this much.  will invest  So, after so many years, this work of yours will be done, gradually the aspirations may change, who knows, my wish will be fulfilled, everyone is making money from the job by jointing their jobs, thinking that this money is mine.  This much will be done and after this I will do some program for you, maybe this is the program, this is what happened, it is fun for you to come and go today and you will enjoy doing something else and maybe in Germany you can do something in half the pitch.  Do that because you don't deserve it.  They are giving a relaxation that it is as if you kept working and here you put this one for him, this one for your daughter's wedding, this for you to visit the country immediately, this for your retirement, now this is your night tax, now if you leave your job anywhere.  So how will 13 crush this program because we don't know, life will become uncertain, so it seems to us that investment advice is going on, investment advice is not going on, this is a big difference.  The video is actually very deep, am I able to explain to you that I am not at all testing your intelligence because this thing is so deep, what am I trying to tell you, you guys have to tell me how much you understood, write in the comment section.  I will give more clarity on this and tell that the delivery items are not being bought and neither is the generation now investing in the corrupt network, the speed team will be IPL team, there will be no listing, the next number is the one who got the allotment.  The world is telling how much was there in the validation but someone did it after crying because it will be a minute to return to the palace. The world is doing this trick but it is very easy, it is not aware. People are telling how much their life has deteriorated according to that.  Don't put the control of life in your hands. I talk about increasing money. I talk about increasing happiness. The fifth point which is most important is that most of the people are making mistakes. If you are doing it then you should improve it from the bud. Have a note Investing in Urine Only the world will take your money so put it here Seeing red 15 years Recipe Not seeing the face 20 more years Not seeing such a face Some of the car's own house Made it permanent Pune You mix investment and admit yourself I have studied  Buying stationery, tuition fees are also paid by the parents for the college expenses, taking out competition or getting some job means I got the job, here till us, what is our investment now, this is the biggest one, well, how do you take big decisions in life?  Due to which you get trapped, debt will reduce only genuine waste of your time and little bit of money, nobody, on the contrary, if you become one of my premium subscribers, then that is also an investment, if you spend anywhere, update webinars, listen to someone.  Are you spending it or nothing else, leave the money, where are you spending your time, whether you are spending your talk time, watching videos, or doing entertainment, or just passing your time. What is he wasting his time in? If you are doing then it is not about investing in yourself is not only about little bit bunny according to me you should give your one percent hemsingh only one percent tax note 3 cent depending jhalar if the salary is very less then honey if the salary is happy and decent then one percent okur  Early As You Should Invest Fuel Because Every Year They Will Keep You Thinking You Can Also Think  You will see compounding effect of this coming into your life and at one stage you will fall at the inflection point of everything you defeated. You will come to know everything that yes, I don't have to put it here, I have to put it here, I don't have to do this, I don't have to do this, I do n't have to do this like this. I don't want to associate with people and I don't want to do this work and you have to do this because of the world's pressure that you have to do it like this, you have to spend here, I have made a video on children's marriage, I have made a video on children's marriage and I have made one crore rupees in it. Fifteen Minutes I hope you guys watch it, otherwise I will comment on it in the comment section and in the description. Please try not to repeat this Pit 11 concepts are being taught wrong. Sharpen them, question them and apply your mind. How did you like the video please?  Please tell me, you have not subscribed yet and you can see this for the first time. If you were just watching it, please subscribe to this channel. It is a request that you guys also press the bill notification. If you like the video, please share it with your friends. You can laugh a lot and feel different topics. Subscribe and make each video such that it can impact your life and improve it. You can understand it.  If you learn little by little in a short period of time, then whatever things you tell me, if you understand and feel comfortable with it, then adopt it. If you have understood this much, then please like and comment. Agree with five. Agree with U.  Want but not two but every three then do it like this please write feedback very important for create thank you