That Hello friends, Gurgaon Real Estate Series Secret Series, whenever you fly, ask these four or five questions, anyway people started talking in the market, you are Amit Sharma student, it looks good on Guru Tattva, this lo is worn, it is fine, it looks good, it is big.  When I meet him, he says to Akshay that there are many different people talking about you and if you don't know each other but you know me then it feels very good, today I am going to tell you as many things as I know about you.  Are there any subscribers or all my subscribers will make me additional subscribers? Whenever you get a call, ask directly. It is called mi-17, because non-veg is ok, hot people are ok. First question, what is the point of asking second question? Yes, ok, how many in how many acres? So 15.  2013 alarm later, hey brother, only one project is so big, no one can escape, projects worth Rs. 5000 crores are coming in Gurgaon, he completes them in one go, he is three, four, five.  Let's do the features and see that Birbal's khichdi is being prepared for a very long time. You ask how much is the plan of the Peeth portal, how much is the karma that has just come. Second question is very important for you. Third thing, if you get the draft copy of the builder buyer agreement.  Although it will not be given to anyone but you have full right to ask, what do you say under RERA, your builder can show me a copy of it after signing it. Okay, friend, let me see once, I will get some stories done on our scientist. Wait.  So he will be very hesitant in giving that thing. Fourth thing: Inventory S. Perera The builder is duty Want to tell you what he will do on the inventory Do you know who you want Call me which one do I want anything You show me how much you have that that  Sometimes he will tell you 2 minutes, sometimes he will tell you 3 minutes. The employee told that in many cases it is really 2-3 minutes and in many cases it is 20 minutes, so that is a very superior unit which is 386.  It is a matter of minutes, it would have saved many, it is up to chance, but you have every right, you have to ask, this thing is fine, then comes the payment plan, please understand the payment plant, in how many days will your money go, how will it go, your benefit. It takes some time to understand, if you need help from this channel then you can take help like me, I am also ready to give one property and it is worth Rs 1.5 crore, it can be cheap or expensive due to different payment plans.  Take it for free, give it in 2030  It is 3030 to be paid, 2025 to be paid is 20.24 to be given, price variation in each will be 429 rupees, I have done the calculations on excel, so you should know that also, now your 1.4 CRDI property can be costlier than 1.5 CR property whereas 1.5  A strong 1.4 victory is very different from How Your Money Was Going in T20 Very important things but block people get worried about some other thing. These are the basic things which are not there and in one thing what I say about the people who are unnecessarily getting worried will remain the same. After coming, there will be an attack, listen to all this.  There is also a security left, although this should have been revealed long ago, if you check its carpet area plus balcony area is 70% and mode what ever super area screen or apply the formula, then the loading is more. Now we cannot say less loading because the government has put thirty percent of the maximum loading, the balcony area is separately mentioned in it, many people also call it exclusive area, whatever is available to you, like it is indulgent or common area, there is no restriction on it. So exclusive area would be called balcony, rough mathematics, you should understand that whatever will be your carpet area plus it will not be carrier at all, it will grow by 70. Yes, this balcony is definitely faster than wraparound balcony. It may be six plus nine percent or sixty four percent six per cent, many people give small balconies, many people give big rooms, mix and match remains, only the builder has his creativity, talent and knowledge that he can do more.  Best Additional Chief is appointed. What do many people do? They leave the hair and go inside, but they waste the space inside by keeping a gallery or taking it out. To go from one room to another, it means unnecessary things.  Many are just builders, there are good minerals, there are wife agencies and it is much better to get votes, then this is the level of information available on this thing, I will keep destroying on this thing, I will keep touching these things, Thirty First March  Subscribe to the ending, I just want to make a promise to you people, you have to cross the figure of 25, 25 thousand, very few are left, you can see when you are watching the video, it shows how few are left and one is yours.  Will contribute to that by clicking on the subscribe button, I am fully prepared, I want to do it on 31st March at 12 midnight, what I will be able to do depends on you guys and please share with your friend circle. If you can increase the subscriber base in your family, then increase this.  These are my videos, these videos are coming from a lot of pet consultations, so you will not get to see them forever, okay, so you will only get to see them in the next two-four days, there will be more for this.  They will keep coming, if you still don't press the bell notification, they will come and go and then they will go, so hey brother, you see, that was the time, I did n't get the time, I will get the time, it will last for a day or two, but if you press the bill notification then it will be ok with you.  You will come to know when it premieres, so please all of you request is to press the bill notification, you will come to know about the image and whatever small things it is telling, if you make a diary, a note book, then you will write two lines in it. make note  Can't thank you