Hello friends, the topic that I have brought in front of you today is named Five Benefits Which You Will Get By Not Closing Your Home Loan. Why You Should Not Close Your Home Loan Completely. I have brought five benefits which you will get by not closing your home loan. It is a little interesting.  Contact Hai, I will put it in the list of new concepts in my play list because normally people do not think like this, so in this I will discuss that if you have bought Rs. 50 lakhs.  If you have taken a loan, till the time it reaches three to four lakhs, then your mixture pattern continues as normal, let it continue, but when he is the last 7-8 percent child and is a sent child on the list, then you can immediately take care of him.  By doing this, you lock the Moat and increase their numbers and let them run on it. What will be its benefits? Let me tell you, the first advantage is that the first born is that if the looting is going on on the properties, then their wealth is average.  The market is more than five percent. The reason for this is that there is no doubt about the title in the market because it is already checked in the back. The other person who is buying the property from you is most likely taking a bad loan.  I got pregnant last week, very hi dad, only user agreement is being sold in real estate, so the person who is taking it from you will also take a loan, then transfer of loan becomes very easy on him, from which people who had taken the loan from you.  The advisor was, you contact the one who is your right foot, contact him, it will be transferred very smoothly because it is not a cigarette, you have to give the same property to someone else, you feel 100 very comfortable with the bank, the property is valued, the title is checked.  The whole procedure has been done once, this white mole also has its own way but it is very easy for the bank, so this quote is a big reason for which you do not have to transfer because you and we Many people have told me that they are selling their properties. If you want to sell them, then when she will be the Dean, she will give you ten percent more and then she will take my time from you, so with that money you will get your property papers out of the ninth class in the 21st. So it will remain with them for two months and in the case of loan transfer, the papers go there itself. If you do not have any problem with this, then this is a big reason to watch the packing, which is a big reason for senior citizens also to watch this video.  Please send the children who are watching the security of paper. If the property papers are not properly kept with the property, then when you have taken a loan, then the original property paper is in the locker of that institution or in their security and I am giving you the English list of comments.  That this is a document, but as soon as he goes to Rio and gets the property, I talk to a very senior citizen, then how can we get the maximum if we repay the loan again?  We will get light if we leave something here, I want to tell us that the property of five people is not saved, how come so many come to me that one of our own, a promising son, a promising daughter, Kunar Jawab Munar daughter-in-law, papers get left, such cases are coming to my mind.  If you do not speak from then it is expected that you have a pending loan of Rs 23 lakh and you can give your cash kept in the bank to them by cutting a check at any time. It will be given to them after you leave.  It will be considered that when you did not leave the money for it, why did anyone have to repay the loan? If you have a lot of money, then you have filled the property papers with you. This is for senior citizens. Now many people are in transferable jobs, government jobs.  I am in a private job, sometimes in Delhi, sometimes in Bangalore or sometimes here and sometimes there, so I will carry the property papers with me. The property papers are not an easy recipe, it has its allotment letter, its initials and many other things.  There are seven to nine documents and Malik's properties will be protected, something or the other will happen, now you will keep such a small part of the PAN in your bank locker, when it comes back, you will keep deep holes in it, fold the property papers, life and destroy them completely.  If you twist it and keep it, it will be kept. It will be even better if you keep it in a bank locker. Where will you keep it? One is fine, it is very big to tell, this hair tip can help you leave the loan of two and a half lakhs as yours and his.  I will get this done for Rs 1.5 thousand and it will keep going. Have you seen it? It is very important that your papers remain secure. Now comes our third one. It should be very easy to prove the ownership rights on the Chinese properties which you have taken a loan on.  What I have told you, if you are a lawyer friend, you will understand it very well that you have taken a loan and the loan is yours, you have been in trouble with the bank for 10 years, 8 years, 12 years, have been in trouble for 18 years and you have not given it in full, why don't you go away?  If there is too much blood on it, then you can use it also and mostly I have seen in my experience that contact management people come to me and after cleaning it, you become rich in a big city.  Everyone in your small town has a property. Those who live in a big city and have migrated, all of them used to live around them. There is some property or the other, that property is low cost and at least one had taken a loan on it.  because he doesn't know  If you have a long-term property then I suggest you take a loan on such properties also, take a small clove and then leave it along with the documents to many banks and the bank will not be able to take possession of it because many properties look like this jokingly and do not even look into it.  And we just don't have the time but we don't want to sell, so there is a lot of security on those properties. If you buy your small property in the name of renovation, then it is a huge loss and you will not be able to repay the loan.  If you want to take a press loan in your name or in his name, then you can do this. The fourth reason is that if you have a property on which the loan is going on and you have two to three lakhs left, then you can also take it because of such a simple reason. Hard documentation is maintained. If you ever need Rs 56 lakh in your life, you will get it through corporate and personal loan at very low interest. You can also take up renovation. Any child in the house will have any requirement.  A requirement will come that there is a loan going on against your property for two to four five rupees plus eight to nine ten lakh rupees. Anytime it may be the advisor from whom you have taken it, he will explain to you very well that it is very easy to take it instead of going through the process again.  Start it, then there will be that verification, that procedure, processing fee discount, so keep one two three lakh rupees, it is white and 500 benefit is that there is no harm in it, how is it not, I understand you, you will get 3 lakh rupees.  There is a loan of Rs. 1000 left on which you are paying 7 cents interest, so your yearly profit is Rs. 2190. Now you will invest your lakhs of rupees. Malwa has put it in your back, so you are getting a profit of Rs. 21000 and as if P.S.  I was not able to add your personality to the process of putting it in between, then do your personality today. In this period of 5 years, you are getting it at Rs 15000, then you are getting it at Rs 21,000.  Loan Pet Akshar got tax rebate, you will get that 6600, still you will be in profit of ₹ 2000, so by returning the loan, it is not that my interest is going, that money is money, money is going somewhere, so if something is coming from somewhere, then this loan is returned. According to me, there is no benefit in doing it completely, you should always keep these five benefits which I have given you. If you found the topic unique, if you liked it then like it and share the video also. Security wise pimples that is a big point and if you find it unique and set then subscribe the channel thank you