Hello friends, this is a bit deep topic, very interesting, see till the end, the lotus you are seeing is not related to any particular party, it is related to Goddess Lakshmi, it is related to Vaastu, so delete it, nowadays the environment is like this, then it is a matter that if this  If you do two things, your life will become very beautiful, I have come to tell you two things, there are many life improvement videos, such stuff is not being made on YouTube, no one is telling it, it is needed in today's time, this is one of those videos which you can give.  Send it to 10 people, it will be better if it is that kind of video. So enjoy and understand what I am going to tell you. Every time you are spending your time, every moment you are awake, you should ask these two questions.  At every waking moment, if both of two things happen or one or the other should happen, then you are earning money or are enjoying what you are doing. If you are not enjoying what you are doing and you don't even have money, then that work is for you.  do n't have to do it  Apply Guru Mantra in anything, it is very strong, very old knowledge, I am bringing two, three, four thousand rupees, you do not get this on the internet, all this is fine, so I am bringing it from somewhere, so you can see it from someone.  They are gossiping. You are enjoying a lot. You are not enjoying. The difference is by changing the definition of fun and enjoyment. The joke is on the physical level. The body feels the fun. Alcohol and cigarettes can do that. The body can enjoy. Enjoyment is associated.  With soul that have you ever heard of any car named Maja that its name is Oil Maja don't come here but the name of many people is Anand Dev Anand is ok Anand Anand from you Ginger district's Anand please give me a chat I will be Anand In the month of Anand, whose name is Anandvan, the inner energy of Anand is heard in the name of Anand, there are many things in the day, there should be joy in life, so if you are watching Netflix and you are getting pleasure from watching something, then watch it, but  If your mind has become numb then don't look and  As far as money is concerned, one has to understand that it is a matter of validation, if your ability to earn money is also increasing, then if I am increasing the knowledge in this video, then it is increasing your power to increase money, your validation is happening.  And if you are enjoying listening to it, then both the things are being combined, then normally used go for things up, money is also made and there is happiness because when that result starts appearing as karma, okay or sorry, karma starts seeming as result, then it is in that.  the most  If you enjoy it, okay, then you have to see that if you are discussing with a third party, then you are not earning money from it or you are wasting your time in it, then you can spend two, three, four, five, six months or even a year doing it.  The time of life will be lost, the weight of all the people is there, there are so many political parties, all the people are there, they have their work, not their own religion, they are doing very good, attracting your attention and time, always show that Raita is spread, stop watching TV. stop watching news for a month Stop reading two newspapers because then your attention will go to the right news. Like I tell you my examples, I don't know what I have done wrong and it has nothing to do with me, everyone will say that this is such a big thing that is happening, dish, religion, caste, say anything. Country 23 Hey brother, if I do good for myself then the good of the country will automatically happen. I notice that vet rates are increasing because of Ukraine's fans, for the first time in many years.  to our farmers 250 to ₹ 100 per ton is getting more money than the MSP rate in the normal market, so it is benefiting them. First thing is that I am very happy but I don't stop. And second and third, if more money comes then what will the farmers do?  Will take motorcycle, will take tractor, will take body, India and Bajaj Auto have shared Hero, Honda is from the region and which shares can increase, shampoo oil can take more, money of people of Haryana is coming affordable.  This 400 Singh Maithili application will take the option, many of them are not getting it in their house right now because brother, two hundred and fifty ₹ 300 more means you are getting twenty twenty five percent more of your normal income, all this is a very good and happy thing.  But it will also cause infection, then what will happen then what will happen if you paint your house with Hindustan Unilever soap oil, if you buy Asian paint for your house, then you buy Ultratech cement, do you think that are you wasting time in your life?  You are doing this thinking that there is nothing else to do, otherwise you would have done this, so I am defining the syllabus here on my channel, there is a lot to do, there are many dots to connect, your children will not listen to you because you are keeping your tiles on that issue. He comes back after wasting his time on beedis and cigarettes. Someone is passing his time in the office. Many people waste their time in the office. They feel that I am getting a salary, who will work full time? So Kumar takes it, he has done a lot of work.  Go Again in the Can Jobs series, I will connect how to utilize the time in the office to add value to your life, then when 10, 20, 30 years pass, then it seems that there will be a lot of inflation, the child is set.  Always remember these two things, whenever you do something, there should be your validation in it. If you are adding value to someone then you are getting some monetization, otherwise the networking of both is increasing money.  Should B C * Rice or Anand Should go You are talking to your mother You are at the feet of your mother You are taking children for a walk You are going out to eat or voting is happening You are enjoying Taking care of the family But the boss  If you are sycophating then do n't interrupt, money will increase if there is security, why will you give promotion then do it, there is no pleasure at all, but peeping, noise shot, pleasure remains pleasure in life and there is no guarantee of increase in money or very little.  So  What you have to see is what you hear from my audience, what you hear from me, what you should do when you see that you will not get rich in quarreling with someone, I will make you rich, stop doing it, even if you win every argument, English.  Decision cigarette that you are debating on WhatsApp at some point this party right that party right on Facebook road on Twitter because it is important to keep people busy if they will not use it then maybe some other questions are asked then it is very important to keep busy  people But I am saying that you should keep yourself busy, why are you following someone else's syllabus, then it is interesting that such things are sitting idle in your life. Those who have time at home and are very busy, write on this.  You have to give this video also to your children, whose children are above 14 years of age, send this video to them so that they see that while working all the time, you are enjoying your potential but because astrology is sustainable in life, and it does not get hungry again and again.  is in the same  If there is joy, then there is fun. You will have to do it for the sake of fun, then again you will get intoxicated by drinking alcohol. You will sit with me and talk about such and such things about your students on Friday and what they all say, you will not even type, you will do some wrong overrating.  There will be acidity the next day. You will wake up at 12:00 on Saturday. The whole next day will be wasted but this is a joke. You will have to do it again to do it again. But if you utilize the time of your life then you will start enjoying.  And joy comes from within and that leads to joy and happiness which I will close by watching another hit in sustainable basis this video is very big which is going to benefit those who have joined till now so much it gives money which is money na e want fun  Enjoyment is available hands free but still why do you need money because money creates the condition of enjoying that if you have a lot of money then for Chakli Mapi Singh not to go to job and not to depend on anyone else that day.  from his own wife and child To meet, if you live far away, do not beg in front of any third person in the job that brother, please give me leave. If you want to meet your wife and children, it is okay, then these things do not have to go to jail. If you have money, you would have gone to the path of happiness. So, you will not get happiness without money, my friends, you people will have to leave this sadhu-saint special thing, then if you have wife and children, you need money to enjoy but that money is not giving you directly, money is creating situations.  It will be seen that the pleasure is available for free, but that free condition is the source, which is not like the chemical reaction used to be called, not the catalyst, history is also giving and some Indians and in the end, the right temperature renews it, the interaction happened that will not happen, will obey.  And now if he wants votes by opposing, then he creates predictions. Home, people must have understood this a little better. Okay, and again, how did you like this one?  I was giving you this special do, out of which there are artwork paintings and anti paintings in investment in paintings and all these things also. If you have interest in them then please write paintings also in the comment section. People are connected with them.  But painting should be invested in that way because there is a lot of money in art too, someone will come and tell me otherwise I will tell you, it is okay that the education and all that has been done at the railway station, so please write in the comment section the parts which  I am interested. How did you like this video? Do you want something else? I am definitely highlighting the things which many people have too much time, doing disgusting things, accidentally subscribing to any news channel on WhatsApp, fighting and humiliating each other.  It's time that if there is nothing then like wheat has increased then I don't have any problem from below and I am middle class, it is okay because we will take care of everyone, there are many caretakers of the lower ones and the upper ones take care of their own, okay so this kind of Please write in the comment section on the video going to investment and please like it and if you are watching it for the first time, then subscribe and share it with your friends circle, whoever you think would like such things, so that they can also do so.  Get connected on these things and on these things thank you waiting for