Hello friends, this is a very important topic for all the families, do this one think and increase your life but 10 years, here I am saying to increase the life of men by 10 years, the direct benefit in this video is to be rewarded and if the husband lives for 10 years then  All women have to watch this video which will not cause any harm to women, it is beneficial for men but if you are a man then you have to forward this video to your wife. If wife watches it for the first time.  If you are interested then please subscribe to the channel, it is a very good channel, go to the playlist and watch the very good videos, so let's start, what is it, there is no observation, there is a very long pattern, whenever food is being eaten, it is being fed, the woman is serving the food.  At the time of eating, when a man is about to eat, then what is being recited to the ears while eating, this God is directly bearing on the longevity of your husband, please tell your mother, sisters and everyone.  It is a request to the ladies that there is relief from the troubles in your life, you have to fight with your husband for half an hour before cooking and before lighting the house, there should be peace in the house, the second thing is that women who cook, women who cook themselves, then the one who cooks is irritable.  Don't keep I know life is very difficult, husband doesn't listen, does n't listen, bribes his parents, gives them money, probably does n't pay you any attention, doesn't pay attention, but this is not the registry of the plot, husband, someone got married So together you will get it and I am also telling this to Sansa that the son is also not the registry of the plot, so when this dialogue is being hit, it is applicable not only for the husband but also for the son, there are many mothers who will be 8085 years old and  They don't have sons, they went away first, they are very unfortunate and women will be so good that they will go to their relatives, their saree, maternal uncles, aunts, all the relations, their mothers, look at the defending on who is whose woman.  There is a caste and men go away because you have given them so much trouble in their life and period is the time. You think if I am listing tomorrow at 30 then what difference will it make if I am listing at 40 then what difference will it make, nothing goes.  It seems but in 5060, his wickets are flying and flying and Lady is winning comfortably. Now people will say no, no, his habits were like this, he was a drunkard, someone, he used to do like this, he himself was like this. Was  Even if he can sleep like this, I may not be doing this, but if mother lo, what I am saying is right then why don't you want to take a risk while feeding your husband or is it his talking about when to take his class.  Take it after one or two hours, half an hour before eating, 15-20 minutes before eating and half an hour after eating, give 1 hour as requested, today there is a lot of relief in the life of a man, he cannot help himself. parents' requests Children's request program, wife's request program, he will live for 10, 12, 15 years, if his pension is late, it will be paid, take care of his set, if he wants to have a job and the ability to earn money, then it will be beneficial for him, is there any benefit in taking insurance? This is not going to happen, I am also telling you that the excuses are made as part of a public worship conspiracy. She makes a habit of eating because her life is worth seeing, so she makes her miserable because when she is cooking.  Ho is like this, thinking that if he comes, I will tell you, he comes, there is no waiting, I don't know, there is no waiting, today your mother did this, today this happened, today this happened, today this child did this to her, this is how it happened, give him time.  Brother, this coming influence should be known in all the houses and the number of husbands who are listening, who do not have the courage to tell this thing, are traveling and how many are getting benefited, how many are identifying, please write also, I do not have dreams.  people my  Don't do it like this Guruji, my life is like this, Rakhi is like this, Rakhi is like that, I do consultation, that is less business for me, Moti Fisher, and by coming here for free, I am telling you like this, reduce it, tomorrow itself 70% will be missing from your life, those two  You have to eat roti, you have to eat some vegetables and if there is one more rule then I am telling the husbands to understand this, even after extinguishing it, if your woman is struggling with whatever she is in life, then whatever kind of food you are having, it is poison to her if she eats it.  leave it  Say, fold your hands like this, fold your hands with food and say give it to Bharat Ketu, that is, feed it to the dog, forgive me but now it has become poison, now I can't eat it and let you, it will happen once, it will happen twice, it will happen again and again.  How much will the wife do, there is humanity in her, we leave her food like this, there is no need to speak to her, first tell her clearly in the middle of this video that brother, it has life effect, if it will drip then it means you will find someone new in the market.  are you husband?  50 55 60 65 years of your age, no government will do it, no society will do it, no social media will do it, no one will do it, too much is happening, it is your duty to give sarees to women, even after watching this video, if you do this then this  A little bit like it happens on WhatsApp and if you have seen it, it will be like this. Yes, it is like that, mother, if even after watching this video, I am not able to stop you, I am in no mood to fight with my husband, I am in no mood to fight with you at all.  in his life  You do n't have to cause trouble, if he is misbehaving, he is stupid, you have to bring him in line, fighting, quarreling is his right, you are his wife, the children have turned away, please do the dialogues written by you, you have to meet two or three times, leave time for those two or three meetings.  Two, it's okay, leave that time, not forward and backward, after that you go to watch TV, if you get the same time, then okay, it is very important because what happens to you, women, mothers, under the pretext, this is our caste, it is not that we are theirs.  Do n't cause trouble but being a public figure or speaking in a public domain, like in the middle of a video, it doesn't seem correct because of politeness, it doesn't seem right for women, can you talk to them like this, at home, you can. Do and talk and do anything, that is not a thing but publicly, people need you, you come as a neutral party, I am your family, my audience, I do not have any relation or kinship with you.  Don't know the situation but please, I am telling you for the third and fourth time that you have to do this, tell me how you liked the video, like it, share it with people, if you have not subscribed to this channel, then subscribe, there are 10-15 more things like this, yes yes women.  Husbands will also be a little angry, there are many things which I will make in the next video that the leaves should not be reduced, so it is not that I am your moral science teacher, you are becoming a Pikachu model and teacher.  I am okay only for women because in a video of such a creator, I will either speak according to the husbands or according to the men, then sometimes when I have to say such a thing, the men run away, you are a big feminist, the name is feminist.  I am not, I am a Mcfeminist, I am a reality and this division of gender is becoming too much in India. This is what is happening in India. I am trying to do this. I also have a mission to do this. Contribute a little and tell me.  I will make videos of the husbands too, they do some wrong things, some do a lot of things, I will make them for them also, but please keep this environment in your house like this and also tell the children too, now this is applicable to you children also, your boy and girl, food.  If it is about him then how to shout at him the time, he is torn after checking that there is a match, food is paratha, roti is a game, do it like this, don't do this, give this, this is one of yours, that is less, which is the meaning of peace inside the house, brother, he is the one who defines you.  She is a great woman of D and that too if it doesn't happen to you then it's just nothing, if one day the husband gets set up somehow or the other there will be poison in him and he has connected this thing and if you keep it then bye.  Bye Tata will do it, then you will not understand what to do, then you will keep wandering around the photo, then it will be left, brother, it is like this when these two breads are not available, I am driving by, it is fine and there is a lot of space left, discretion, conscious intellect.  Those who are awake are still ready to take it. What did you get, will the man release you? What did you get? I mean, after doing his job like this, he has to eat bread two or three times a day and he has to tell the same thing to other men, he doesn't even have to take it from the bus when you are about to eat, the bus does something to you in the office.  So tell him the same and tell me sir, this sinner eats for his stomach, give him 10 minutes in the government or in your corporate, he eats even the good ones' cats and the good ones eats his own.  At 12:00 pm, at 1:00 pm, the employee's woes would have been there and at 3:00 pm, they would have been shared, so anyway, my videos have been made, I will tell that also later, but here I have mostly told what is happening inside the family. Try to address if you liked the video then please share it thank you very much