That Namaskar, dear Haryana residents, this video is for the people of Haryana, other people can also take special learning, indirectly you will also be affected by the opposition message, which will make a difference to you about Gurgaon Railway Station, Haryana, whether you are from Fatehabad, why ji, I am from Sirsa, you are from Hisar, Rohtak, Bhiwani, anywhere. Ho Rewari depot, Mahindergarh has been attacked by many robbers. On daily basis, 10 to 15 questions come that brother, we have a 63 in Hisar. Want to buy songs worth lakhs, okay the rates are also different, I will not tell that to some people which are local, so you guys know what is the rate in your city, okay for me, I am giving this device to you all on universal basis and you understand that.  This thing is fine worldwide, if you are a resident of Haryana, if you are living in a village of Haryana and want to buy something in your district headquarters, little okay, that is progress for you, it makes sense if you lived in the village.  There is a system where the money is sitting and you want to go there somehow, but if you are living in the city and have been living in the city for many years and your status is like this, then you have to buy the check in Gurgaon. If you buy anything, it will have to be revised.  I want to tell that the city of Gurgaon will become a city of cosmopolitan mind in this country like Mumbai, then the people of Haryana will feel cheated and the car will be run by HRD. Here, after the address Gurgaon, after Guru Gram, only Haryana is written below.  You will get a pendant and then you will roam around in politics, you will get hit by Gurgaon Maharaj city, you will get the state, I am telling you this in flute today and this feeling of laptop will come in three to four years, otherwise Mumbai Marathi Manush system will start there which you will get.  I know there is a Marks system because when that program was going well, I did not come to make that program good. Even today I would say that I, the original people of Haryana, should improve the things of Gurgaon.  The people of Gurgaon are the original ones, their contribution is equal or more than that of the people from outside too and there are very few cities in India which become the cities of the country. In the times to come, it will become a victim of the country, if some government comes, some wish or something else.  If there is any wish, it will belong to every big morning and will belong to every bird, it is very good, it is okay, it should happen, then people of Haryana, think about what you have to do, because if tomorrow your children get a job in Haryana Government.  If you do n't like the one, do you know what are the chances of getting a government job or what are your chances of getting a local job there? You see, basically the system is based on agriculture, the rest who have opened a grocery shop, a vegetable shop, a clothes shop, Ajay has a system.  It is associated with some surnames because only classical things work, caste based system works, that these people do this business, do this, so there is a very large section of people who Agriculture cannot be done cheaply, it cannot be done already, and if you are not getting a government job, then agriculture is the first misfortune in getting a government job, and if you cannot do business, then you are left with a job somewhere. Now, if you have got a job somewhere, if you have passed through ATM, then it is good for you and me.  If it is a big IT job, then Americans will go somewhere, they will go to Silicon Valley, they will go to Bangalore, they can go anywhere, but if they have to do a job then they will go to 30 40 50 60 70 80 thousand rupees.  If Gurgaon is the natural destination then those 50 60 70 80 90 lakhs are coming back there already. If you have existing properties and they are rising tomorrow, there is money to invest and secondly the people of Haryana are becoming very stupid. And they are handing over whatever people operate, I am luring you into commercial, people living in Gurgaon should not buy commercial. He knows everything, how much is the commercial, the retirement fund of the teachers, the government employees, the brothers doing belt jobs, he is fine, he is getting trapped in the commercial, don't make me laugh, he is also telling that means it is earned with a lot of hard work, that and hard work.  If you have to earn money, then the money should come to him, otherwise I am repeating it very clearly in the device. You are a resident of Haryana, with a population of 2.5 crores. You may be Jind district, your Kaithal.  Be it Kurukshetra, wherever you are, you should have a pad to rest your feet, depending on your status, if your income is up to Rs 30 lakh, then affordable housing is the thing, but if your income is between Rs 60, 70, 80, 90 lakh, then it is subject to change. Flow response and if you are using this line 11 touch 1 more 2 BHK up to 2.5 inches which you can comfortably afford in your budget, more than this will increase the butt a lot.  You have to take it for your children. If your children get a job somewhere and do not live here, then your investment is no bigger than the small city of Gurgaon or all the small Haryanas. So whatever is your relative small performance, it is better than that.  You will get only the next 20%, if I don't see then there is a lot of potential in the cities of Haryana and still if you want to take it then you are holding GT Road that this is the middle center and in that also I will keep telling further specifically.  As the projects come, I will tell them in advance. Shuddh Top will already have mental clarity that yes, something like this is going to happen, but for now, if you are a resident of Haryana, then Gurgaon is the place for you, let's see, think, understand and while sitting because of  Live there in DLF Colony and not in Rohtak. Yes, definitely in the one next to it. Participate in the same in DLF Colony. Take more flour. Keep the rates high. Rents are very high.  In less time, the actual price of the property is linked to the front, which is the valuation, otherwise Apni Koi Kuch Kah, now in Rohtak, people call Apni Kuch Kuch and it becomes like this, how much crush of builder floor should you run now?  No one is building builder floors in Rohtak now. If you are building the latest ones then they will be ready but you are not playing this builder floor game by taking a fresh plot, why are you running out of juice and it will be sold at that rate that you will get in that floor.  If you get better things in Gurgaon then someone else will give you something else, this is also a message, this is the game of builder floor which you were playing, now those who are buying your studies, the readymade shirts you will make in them will be as expensive at Yunus rate, so you can buy more anywhere else.  People have already got this rate in some cities, so they repeatedly ask that brother, we live in that city, now we want to take it here, don't take it, come out, that means there should be such a thing, it should be installed this time.  Only then should we move forward  Then you have a place to stay, the medical facilities are also very good here, God forbid, and if you have that kind of need, then you have something to go and live in and which is suitable as per your budget. I have given you 30Likes 60 1.1 More This I have separated.  -Given separate steps to you so that you can understand it and if you want any specific thing on this then you can give WhatsApp number given below Abdul can ask any of yours but I want that Gurgaon of India should be at the level of Mumbai.  The Gupta level which reaches them so quickly is here, that population is you know how much but when Cosmo positive nature cosmopolitan is below where you do not have to see discrimination on the basis of gender, on the basis of cost, on the basis of any community, doubt anything because  People too busy with lots of work, that city is called cosmopolitan, boy and girl who lives together, someone judgmental.  There is no society where so many cultures come together, the work being done in your state comes to your address only, so don't miss out on this journey, whatever makes sense to you, whatever suits your budget.  If there is no chat, then after 5 years or six years, you will keep doing it and nothing will happen, then you know that story you have seen in Mumbai, it is absolutely positive, its calculation is correct, then those people from outside will think that you have become friends, but When the story was happening, you were busy buying inside Hisar, buying inside Rohtak, buying inside there, when it opened, something came on the bypass there, I should take that, I should take such a menu, don't waste Germany now, that runner.  That's Holi, see what happens to people, device, say anything, you have to do this, brother, tell you in 3 years, but there are double people, yes brother, you know, there is W in 3 years, that's why I am saying, don't take it in Britain.  If you double then the next two are 399 and the device will always be forward-looking. What has happened is rear view typing, it is also required to see five percent when you have to go left, right and track but the vehicle is looking ahead.  While running 98% of the time, thanks are not even seen, so this part has become history, now further advisory, so now this is being told in June in Room 2022, I hope Haryana.  People, you will spread yours, this is very nice and you will be aware of this big opportunity which is better in your state and do not follow discipline. Many people were from budget and in that they used to get products from AC to tier eight-ten.  A month ago, now they will get only Deendayal's thing, so that thing goes down, that is why you are not aware of it, it belongs to Vighna Na, ac1 ac2 ac3 rate.  And so you will go in this middle, you are feeling that this is this, according to what I explain to you guys on my channel, then Play Services thank you.