Hello friends, formula series video number one, we will talk about education, I will cover these three things, all the topics will be very interesting, first homework to the parents, setting the woman at home, third future and what should be looking for word, then it will be very good, let's start.  There are many flowers in the Indian education system. There has been a lot of discussion on this, but we cannot change the system. A single person can only change it. As long as you discuss, your child has completed his studies and left for New York.  Interested, while being in the system, you have to see what is going wrong. The biggest mistake is that the school fees are so high, we cannot do much about that, but even after paying so much fees, children are not given any homework.  Parents have to do homework, when you give money to the society for maintenance, then you also have to make noise. What did I get? I got 4000 ₹ 5000 Disha but the school fee has increased to 1015 rupees per month and Parents themselves have to make chaat, have to do project work, have to send Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose as Mahatma Gandhi in the fancy dress competition, no one is questioning what he is saying, it is just the school people who say authority, Vyas school people are so great in this  But I will make a video further, if you want, on teachers and how teacher as a profession will have to change, you can tell me. Even the parents who run to school do not do this.  Come bring that now, bring stationery items, cut this today, cut that today Favorite Clear Ending of doing so much work Animated * Subscribe Children's Subscribe I am not talking, I and he are confirmed to that there was no one seen asking questions  Give them the future of your child and connect them with Vyavya So Happy Winter School. We don't know what the child has to do, so the school people told us the syllabus. A society.  I told you the syllabus till now, the child keeps crying a lot, we feel that something good will happen, you see how many are passing out from 12th, who is making what and how much is the salary, all the children in your relatives who are completing 12th, you only know about this.  Ask son, you have eaten, daughter is done, now what are you doing and how much money are you earning, you will know the realistic thing and you too are sending children back in the same earthquake, then relax a little and take a deep breath.  See that valve and start questioning the school students and tell them, I am not sending you, you will not stop to make a fancy dress, you will shake his confidence, he will not be able to do this, he will not be able to do this, this is the questioning of the system, that this system is to be questioned. How important are these things? The second thing I am telling you about is that women have been made to stay at home and have become so demanding that a man cannot get his wife to do a job because  The school people themselves will be so demanding that the women will have to stay at home just to help the school people and the children get their homework done, and as soon as the woman goes to work somewhere, she will not be able to bear the stress and will feel that the school people's work is not hers.  If I don't complete this Ramesh program of All India Radio then my child will not achieve anything in life. Your child has one or two boys or girls in his life. If it is a girl then you too are girls and if you are not doing a job then his life will be different.  at your feet too  He has to know that this school was not a hotspot until you broke it. The school students do not know what they are teaching, they are not teaching anything. The school students are passing the time. In the entire Indian education system, the school students are passing the time. People come from special society, they work hard and become something. People from Kendriya Vidyalaya, Navodaya Vidyalaya, Government schools have become something today. These schools are stars only in 10-15 years. Their children have not yet reached the market, which is what they are today.  Day  People are sitting on the top posts, these schools are the palms, when they used to study in these schools, they still have to prove what material they are teaching, will they bring English to some level and will improve it so that the parents will always feel that they do n't know what is great.  If you go to school here, the fees will be up to 15-20 thousand, then who knows what will happen, only the children of rich people come, you can be as rich as you want, you thought that I will give my reserves, then some very poor people will become their own. Nothing is happening in the government schools. Just now the people of Haryana had done Super Hundred, thirty children turned out to be in IT, so this is an invaluable link in this but education is being offered in the market, high cost and what is the result. You should not make your children sit at home.  It's just that the school children's request program gives them homework because that D who is sitting at home should send it as normal send. The children have come from school, it seems as if their school work is over at two o'clock.  At 2:30, eat son, eat son, rest for half an hour, after that you have to do this work and then you have to do homework. No time is being given to the child to update, think, do something according to his own time, the whole time is his time.  You have made a formula regarding this, you have to keep his time occupied, you like yours in such a different way, have you ever done as much or zero scheduling of the child's time, the child has mistakenly made a little village for you, you want to make him Kishore Kumar Lata Mangeshkar.  the child has Started drawing a little, what to do, you don't want to make him Ahmed Hussain, scandal by selling coaching class, the child baby having multiple skills and in that, do n't take him to any one skill, no stress, if he is showing the likes by occupying the skill.  End profession C and the day is spent on one thing, it is straight, smart enough, attention is fine but the video is made for 90% of the people, the brilliant children watch all of them, it is  It would be an idea to leave the fabric ball, but mostly we who are middle class, we should not hesitate in making our child a jack of all trades because the features and points are read because if you put it at one place, it will not become a one track one teaspoon.  If it doesn't work, then it is possible that the thing which he has learned very well may be taken away by artificial intelligence or some system may come in such a way that the value of that thing will no longer be there, but it is not a ventricle.  Some income tax should be stopped by the government, for example, suddenly the personal space chartered accountancy shop will be closed, the chartered accountants are engaged in personal tax, it is very high, only when there is GST, it means don't get fever, I am those digit graduate ma'am problem and  It is okay for Chartered Accountants who will be stuck in the old sales tax issue, the story can change at any time, do not make yourself a one trick.  Till 560, if he is doing a little bit well in things, then let him do everything. There is no need to go to each one and send him to the hobby class. First you will go, he will be in that flower, then he will go to some hobby class, then he will play 'Baju Send'.  Then why will this child play tuition? It is news and there is an ultimate guarantee that even after doing all this, something will happen. If it is said then go through this process and someone will give you a guarantee. 2036 question is the only such thing.  Where you give money, you work hard and the result is also given to you, then there is no accountability for the change that is taking place, you will come and say hello to take admission, then you will give money, you will work hard and  And if your child did not come out then you asked the question then they have sent the answer that your child did not fast otherwise look in our class this also sits Gupta ji's boy reading Sharma ji's batter Mishra ji's girl sits and see  After all this comes out, then you will come here every time friend, after this thing comes out, the shortcoming in our battleship system has been made in such a way that the ball will always be in your horoscope, so in this, I have to tell you people that I will tell them ahead.  What I want right now is that the value of these coming time schools will reduce a lot if in the school exam the teacher is good and Akshay, if you tell me there is one, that is Z, then there is something good in X.  It is taught, there is some good reading in the wire, there is some good reading, so if I go to it, I will miss the airport, then why should I go to North School, I can play cricket with a direct teacher, or YouTube  So much great knowledge is being given above people pitt is also giving Kalpana arthur information from youtube and don't forget this will be coming train when you will not be just and number one forward phimosis numbers will have no meanings  For the next level swift meaning friend number and from his letters which has not seen that no relation with real life so when this syllabus is like someone then that's why the number brought on the bus is not worth anyone what question will be asked in the interview what is the basis of this  But also I will be making videos on practicality on my channel I will be coming on real thing if you are a little bit moved by this then you tell me you guys like it at least  Close the important settings, think that we have to pay money to the school teacher for 12 years, I have been hungry with my pack, don't think that he is trying to extort a lot from me, children, the online classes were still going on fine.  They thought, let's study online, send them to school, hey, no one has gone anywhere, brother, Ko Wind Free Country has not been declared yet, but by late evening, the flowers will be given to the children because the parents will be like that brother seems to be doing something to us. We will be seen doing something for 12-14 hours, will be physically troubled, will go to school, will do coaching, will do Baiju, will do assignments and will develop, will show numbers, so we too are feeling that something will be achieved brother, nothing is going to be achieved, listen to this if you use this formula.  If you adopt this formula of your life which I am telling you, then your child will become nothing. You are wasting your time and it is so easy for you to smoke cigarettes. Remember the most important thing in such periods is that you are your child.  There is no one else but the one who can teach her, it is you who has to hold her and give her the knowledge. The practical girl has to be immersed by such practical people who will make her understand the things on practical ground and will take her life forward instead of following the set formula.  Everyone is engaged in earthquake, everyone will come and give exam, it is okay if you tell the fish to climb the tree, it will not climb the tree and when will that realization come, the dialogue is the most killed. But how will the realization come that it is fresh, it is a monkey, what is this, it will come only when you leave that child for a while, when you hold him and teach him Mathly, then his genuine numbers will come. Genuine numbers, if you have been laughing since the time of the child.  If you have 80 wishes then you can make the forbidden wish, you will not be able to do it, the one whose number is 50 is the loser, then how much effort should he make in maths, he is not in the mood, he is not in the mood, you are a fish, child.  A monkey is a child, it is a bird, it has to be released, it has to swim or climb a tree, it will not rippling only when you release it, if you keep laughing and controlling it yourself, then you will never rate your child as nice, whether that child is a self- inverter or not, or mine.  Am I feeling tired? My orientation, what is my mood? Tell me how you liked this video. You can also get more clarity on this. You can get more clarity on children. You can get how to approach in an interview.  It is a very different topic, emphasis is placed on bringing different topics and I do not say that I have given everything on this small topic or I want to take credit for bringing the topics because Aryan Khan ji.  There is no benefit for your child by eating biscuits and discussing them or by watching such content. Hundred percent benefit of your child can be by watching content like mine because I will force your mind on what things?  The solution to pay attention is that you will have to roast yourself. It should become a topic of discussion in relational things on WhatsApp group. Ultimately, I will take credit only for Vriddhi. New fresh topics which affect life are not the topic which we are being taught. Taliban in Afghanistan, this happened further there, apart from this, in our life, we do n't know what the child in the next room is doing on the laptop, but if you are doing research on the vision of what he is going to do, then you will understand it. Notice More Important: Please like the video and write in the comment section, you will get energy. Thank you very much for providing clarity by creating related content.