Hello friends, today's topic is Commercial Property Part 3, Part One and Part 1. You must watch them, otherwise there will be a scene of boarding a moving bus, so I will start from there. I had topped the video number two, I am going to tell the formulas in it.  I am for some people because formula generation is a quick thing, only for charity, if I don't understand then I will tell some plants and at a certain time in the video, I will say one line, I will do this secret remedy like this and  It will happen anywhere and I am going to tell you one thing by taking out all my data shatter and all the tricks and mantras that I do, it is a ground reality, what can we benefit from it, what can we understand, debate.  There can also be a topic and that too I will tell in the middle of the video that if the end revealing dress is fine then it can happen any time in the middle, the video will not be very long, then it will remain so, I had sent society fennel, I will give half of it from society shop for Rs 200.  from Leo  You have to understand that there is a secret of mutual plants, one of your shop is August 750 flat, if you put 75 then there should be 10 shops, it will work very well, it is of fair price, according to 35 to 40 lakhs, it is also red. And I told the countries that if the fiber is more then the rate should be less. The new builders who are coming in affordable and now the commercial Bhandara have heard a little about this thing in which they have reduced the size.  We have increased the rates a little, so we have tripled the size of the shops, those will be beam and practicals, so I will compromise a bit more, now I will explain it according to the carpet area and rate, it is a shop of 35 lakhs, the dress is said to fit it.  If the carpet area is 140 then it will be Rs 35000 and if you do 140 then it will be Rs 25000 i.e. 25 thousand rupees per square foot of carpet area. Big Rahman Presentation Well, ₹ 4000 and this commercial is being given on 25308, this too is grossly overpriced, don't say this in this, this is a printer, this is not a name, it is not a withdrawal, someone will tell the story of the ground floor, take this, take his railway of the ground floor.  There has been a lot of growth, I will also tell you this as a friend, let's carry this one, I will also tell you how people have died and got trapped due to this, so you should not take society shots on the internet.  Builders should take out 50% rate. Societies of to make any sense otherwise at what rate. If you are thinking that you will be born then it was not going to happen in future then understand that you are going to read that thing in his rate and only that.  If the quantity is kept at 7070 then friends will also keep drinking it. Affordable housing has arrived and has been delivered where people are living. Leaves mother please go and ask about the shops.  Rent was paid and how much was the shop taken? You will get a lot of clarity on your own. Secondly, these people tell that people will come from outside and if they put the jam there, then no one from India will come. This man who keeps going in the four cross societies.  There are shops everywhere because most of the things like opening a shop, making it and running it are difficult and minute here, so I finished this site, there are premium apartments in them, the society's formula is that you have taken it up to 60, 50 to 60.  Because inspite of this the possible increase increases a little, so there it is 50 to 60. If there also the shop has given you this 2538 net pack in just 20 minutes, then that is the cross price and price because these people are not their Kamala on the rates, whoever.  If this society sends fennel, then it is thick, I told about society sauce, now let's turn on the mode on virtual space, but first the space should be of office, clothes or commission related thing, if it was dangerous then the PIN is of 2019 because that You have reached one thing in your hand, there is nothing in this house and once it is very big that even I, the builder, have to take leave from some shops or some space inside it and he took it at 2740 but took leave from the thing.  This kind of thing happened on Surya's table. Hey, what will I do? First of all, tell me how many builders are there in India, who are older than 27 years, this is a finger of the hand, don't you even lift it and reduce the entire India in less than 2 inches.  I myself Take it out, okay, that means a builder doing small property dealer type work, don't take him out. Okay, when he starts coming to the house properly and starts progressing, then start accounting from that day. If you want to start accounting from that day, then yes, yes.  There are very few people in the market who have so much history, so the people were very big, they will also work, so if I find very strong builders, I will make Brahma, I will manage it and you will do this at the rate of 50 50 minutes.  When I woke up, people interrupted me saying that the rate of transportation of a T30 is Rs 110020. Do you know who has got it done after a few minutes? Those who have taken it at this rate, tell me your story about the project. No, there is also a High Court in it. It is also a quarter inch, these types of stories are also going on but pad toe play were report reshu kya hai, you understand everything, I am not totally against a commercial but I say  Yes, one in 10 runs and there are many photos of it, they are crazy about commercials, they say that if one runs, then debate for how much, tell me, I am saying that I am a stranger, two of them are sick people, so brother, do you have appetite 8  Eighty percent of the minute, Ras Mandal said that I have got the money through inheritance only, I am a player whose income is below two, three, four, five crores, have I got some money or do I want to put beyond thirty, forty, fifty, so is this  There is a segment that is there nothing else in India? Is there any Facebook company whose daughter has taken eight nine ten percent, you do not have to do anything, go to any website like moneycontrol.com, you have put different topics on the collection site, government.  Look at the stocks of which are running great, how much risk factor is there in them and how much will they give, there is no need to invest so much money here, according to me, virtual space is a trick, no, virtual space is dead in many places, it is dead in Gurgaon only, you can get it at home.  The classical example is that you do n't know what to do with the person, it's okay, then let's move on to the next office. Reaching the office. Now you have to relax that the new startups that are coming do not have that much money, so in the video, I have explained in the middle. I am still connected, among those who remove even one cigarette, no problem, you are going to have a cigarette, that is going to be a holiday, it is going to be, by extracting the juice of completion of knowledge from others in one line, the current data till today is till 2021.  By doing this, I will tell him, if there is a line then stay connected in the middle of the video and that because many people listen in the beginning, what happened in the middle, what happened in the range, if that work goes to him, then he is going to tell a very big thing.  And about Noida and Gurgaon, it is about time, it is okay, it is a big cigarette, those who are joining you in the office space, which are the points, okay, all the requirements are there and these are very famous banks which are top banks.  There are more taking more engineers who will maintain the servers, the boys from the capital Baku who will do the accounting work, who will do all the money work because all this is getting automated and if you would have gone physically in the pack by now then you would have had as many employees as you see today.  You must be seeing less people who sit there with the back hand. I am emphasizing that the people there are increasing and the requirements of the office are less than the people who go to Africa every month and take the power of the old party in 1617.  Let's update this crore by getting the passbook updated. Subscribers are not getting subscribed. This is the technology. There is no need to go physically. Second thing is that this demonstration and interpretation is with me. I will bring it out. I don't have it. Remind me.  Do it, you do it, you will get money as per your wish, just like the question gets it, the one who gets the number, this one has been made by connecting the wires, this one is the future and that among all the children, there are many children in every corner, first of all you are the writer.  This cyber first release cafe coffee day, children go to it, open the computer and do some of their work, even if he is not at home, he is in a peaceful area, he also gives a copy, he also gives some biscuits, one seat from this  When they rent a house, they ask me to sit, so I sat down peacefully, it was okay for me to sit at the base, but they did not let me sit on the wicket, so such coworking spaces were also coming, then they got the program, but  Now there is no problem, enjoy your work. Start it and the supervisor will monitor you and take charge of your work and tell him what you have done. If everything is fine, if you have done it, then there is no need to stand at one place for the whole day.  Now people can ask this question in this, if it is so, then people will go to Haldwani, do yours, please like and share the registration, it will not happen like this because what will happen in the village, only then you will have to meet physically, once a week.  We have to meet sometime Maa Maa  You have to do Maa Durga, you have to give your son, you have to take account of money and you have to go to different places and also meet because this company will not hire many people for 70 80 90 1 lakh now, your bike will be specialization, that kind of work will be done.  That there will be many companies that will give you work, 10 will do it differently, you will earn 18,000, 15 to 12, this way the money will be collected, work at night, stop work in the morning, do it sitting at home, do it somewhere but work.  To understand, you will have to meet regularly, sometimes for a drink, sometimes for anything. It's not like I just sat in Haldwani, now he will go on tow, this Maithili has gone to Kota, I have gone somewhere to my small town, just so much.  It won't even be automated, we will have to stay physically, there is one more thing, these children will not stay, they go to their parents in small towns, they also need likes, when God likes everything will be better, then fiber, we will go to Tequila.  There will be a shot, there will be a party, there will be fun, I will focus on the crowd, their energy, my life is in Play Store, it is not that Bigg Boss is not in the office for work, so I will keep it straight and go home, now people are taking it because I am very excited. It is there and there is still no idea of ​​burning it, what will happen, then why people do not rent unnecessarily and companies also mean that it is an operation relationship, it is not working anyway, so there is a limit as to when it will be completed, but in this  every  If you want to invest then do not do it in commercial. Share and speed on the notice of this dam which has been beaten in the old malls which have a lot of empty space where it is applicable to eat the food of the rest of the body which is like Gayatri Pigeon for Salman ji.  Go-go-go, let's take a last walk there, all of us will become offices there, where shoes used to be sold, some because space is there too, isn't it? It is not that off space is being created here because its name is office and  It was something else and it became a chakli, so now I can't make it an office, so it's not like I made it an office paste, so anything can happen to this officer as an office, you can comment with your own pure money, come back and apply yours from inside.  Do something and sit down, have you returned or am I not a police person at all in the office? And the people who have taken them are very angry, then why message trophy, listen to some of my channels, some 50 lakhs.  It is not of subscribers, I am not a market, I cannot shake it, so if you have taken it then there is not even a drop of mine in this entire ocean that I am talking about inference, I am only my audio which is connected, which is this middle class.  There is an audience because for those of you who have recovered Rs 10 lakh from us and people worth Rs 50 crore 30 crore, there is no channel for them, but I am private, I am on a public platform, I have also made a video on it, I have also given classes on it, very good.  From this we will understand what is lower class, what is middle class, what is upper class and I know very well that these are my warriors, so many people get very confused, among them many people are related to me and their different ten-fifteen-twenty 25  It is crores and you are talking very angrily. Why are you speaking like this brother? It is a different story for you that you can afford voice activated feature options. You people, Rakesh.  Jhunjhunwala warden ca n't wish for clothes because they come and report to him on the profit activities of the company. Those who have taken British and have taken this or have taken it, they repeat and do internship but will work like this, otherwise they will not do like this because of their pattern.  We don't have the power of money. Hmm, I can't take ₹5000 worth of ₹50 share and say hello. He was saying hello like this, let's size our battery like this and design the car like this.  Icon, this did not bring any changes, the flash game that we have put, see, maybe it will do good, I think so, then same day, if you buy the remaining square feet of virtual space somewhere, you do not have any power, the guy who is a builder, if he puts the deposit somewhere  And this will become her husband in which she takes up a lot of her space too, then she can trust him, after that what happened to me, I had your blessings and shift till 27000 feet, I managed it together.  I wanted to do something good but I attached my 27 thousand rupees in the court and gave it to him. Now I can't do anything. The one who took the new 27000 can talk to him. The one who took the new 27000 can do it. The banks have no interest in anything in the government.  If he keeps bidding again and again, then you will take a slip of fifty feet and go to the market at Chugh Graha, saying that 593 of my stomach will come to me like this, it may happen that it may be a child, but it may be good. Question: Have you done this award show? Do n't you know some government company which gives so much dividend? You should put a high retail pack on moneycontrol.com and such websites. Your government company and put money in it little by little. Hi Disclaimer IS NOT  Registered with Essential too, although I am not taking the name, but what is my condition, what is the internet of my time, will you get trapped in it? You are getting different dividends in different cities and at one place there are many different days.  In the same sectors, the company which generates electricity from water and carries the electricity for the oil industry and does the transmission, is it a government company of this kind, so can money be invested in them which is not nutritional relative and you are called a Returned Capital Employed.  Vigorous same little defined their return on equity is defined their reviews and divided have come different dates so it is important to go into commercial meaning what is inside so that's all I know that's why commercial  If you have to go in, then whatever space is left inside it, if SDO is saved, then it should be like those who have come after Gurgaon, Japan gives, you can do the lesson of your city, it is good, if people have met, then I will tell you that real review typing.  There is no real review, there is no drive, we have to look ahead, we have to look back, we have to ask five questions, when we have to turn the car left, till this only passed object, game day, historians have responded with richest.  But forced ink know the restaurant has it on the book but Everest had more during this time so everyone knows what happened to these two so it should be spread a little further but live there in forward 2021 talk about what so far  If it is not a matter of happening, then you have to give this trick in 20 sector. Yes, if this trick happens, then add Pune in 113, 114 also without any hesitation.  Disappointment is also coming there on Dwarka Express in Sector-25, that kilometer after kilometer is huge concrete, monkeys don't know about it, people go to 5 lakh horses, government knows about government, five times hyperbole is a figure of speech, put one stitch, okay then brother. He will return so much whenever he is in office and in such a mood, he will come so much, he doesn't even talk about your 113 and 4th interests and 115, that 115 is a very big sector.  If the whole institution is a piece in Gurgaon, then you have given such CO shop [ __ ] office plots to such people, first of all you have promised the plot, there is value on the return side, normal plot too, at least keep a date last, residential is fine, then you said.  There is also an option, so I give it for Rs 3, I make it three and a half, if it is four, then I ask for such a rate, then I give it a commercial and you can go ahead with it.  There can also be a provision of floor secrets that someone can do good, I am not taking it out of you, I love everyone else, I have rejected everyone, it is not like that, Papa, there is inherent value in SDO, definitely because of the line.  It is your plot, it is fine and even if you consider it as residential, it still has value in it, so I am not taking it out but I am telling that whose 10 year old  There is a holding period and there is power. Yes, your kids are here. Will anyone think that I have got 3 45 crores now because all these people who have come are taking all this money from you in 5-8 to 10 minutes and immediately up to 50%. Patriotism has been seen till now.  Take yours, but I am thinking that if they were so great then it is that they are theirs but they are keeping some and taking out the whole. If it is the whole of the whole, then there is a little doubt, which is the unknown difference from it. How much party are you? You are pregnant. Turn the party worth Rs. 23 crores to the party worth Rs. 4 crores. Money is money, you are taking loan in that too and you need images returns. In one year, in 2 years, in 3 years, in four. You don't come to college because it's like this.  Images Nothing is going to happen in that area, Express is being made, Rava will be made, then Delhi one will be made, then some people will come, the cylinder has been given to the consumers a little further in 114, there is not so much mystery, there is no registration, I had told earlier that  Commercial property in Gurgaon This extremely power supplied please do not is a familiar Vidarbha and English proverb and yet you have to do it, you can do it, there are oil loving people who do it, just a lovely little advice to those who have done it by selling friendly  Show Show In the meantime, if there is any buyer at any rate, then if no one wants to buy from you, then if you want to buy from the builder, then there must be some reason that the builder has some attractive marketing skills.  Or is there something else to it that people buy it, wherever you have it, I will use it, if you are stuck, take out the property and show it, then you will understand what I am talking about and the other thing is in the set of Noida Greater Noida.  Do n't buy flights in Greater Noida side, that is Bigg Boss loot supply, a commercial in Vegetation Noida can still be seen.  It has been replaced by the B of server space which I had told in the beginning about the bank that they need. I have used Story Microscope React. This is the volume of your JP Green in Greater Noida side and the one built nearby and the one with poly start projects.  It was made in the government, it is being made like this, next year 30,000 plants are going to come in the market, then with their arrival, the supply will be very high, if there were a lot of plants in the market, then Noida U Messy.  Commercial Greater Noida Residential Know and Follow Commercial Anywhere and Seeing Any Web TV's SDO Joe village's nude previous brother, it is okay to stay away from them if 113 114 Subscribe Ghee cannot be used in curd, for this, beat it separately and things are left but this in it  This means that you have something in your hand. Okay, how many robbers will climb on the fourth and fifth floors to get out of China? How many bathrooms will get out because there are many people.  They were calculating it very easily, so I said that sister has just folded it, I am fine and we have to account for the bathroom also, when we have to give it, you have to make it difficult for us, then see how much is left, then the psychology of extremism, all that graph.  What is it and what is its meaning, well, I had to tell it last because people talk about the ground floor, how do they give commercials from it, I am laughing and how all of you people have been a part of that, do n't take the one on village flu.  Correct  Yes, friends, it is good, you should not take it, okay, take this front facing, a lot is being taught by doing this and people are also liking it, what is this such a big price, why is this? I will meet you in the next episode. Kumar ji had not said this earlier, we are fine, I don't know how many of you would have seen it, they used to end it, let's see further whether Chutki and the girl did this, is this the solution, then we will meet in the next episode where I will tell you this.  that which is commercial, that is, that which can be sold  The above graph is fine, so please tell me how big is this price and why are so many projects stalled due to this and then if you guys want, I will make another good one in which I will tell you about commercial versus retention flashlights.  That puck will come out, I think you people should understand that things should be used quickly, tell me friend, what to do, why this one, then the one commercial vs residence, people, there will be 10 parts one by one, then you have to decide.  How did you feel? Please don't even subscribe to the channel. Please share the video. Now tell me the recipe which I used to hide a little earlier. Many times it happens that I subscribe completely, normally this happens every time.  It happens at home that there is a feeling of fear in narrating whatever happened, thinking that what you have achieved in so many days, how to understand it and narrating it in an MP3, feels a bit scary, but sometimes what?  becomes a man when  If you are doing a lot of fresh recharge and then it is similar then it can be given to the people because right now I have a request to you who are my dad subscribers who are watching to increase my subscribers, I will request you also to please circle 22451  Increase it because as it crosses a level, I will bring more quality of data and things in it. In the initial videos, I made a general base, a little vague talk, then a little specific and then full voltage.  And you all know that the whole buffer is not only real estate assembly and every aspect of human life and 4 I have made pinups in the video, you can see them in the video, please subscribe the channel, share, thank you.