Hello friends, back to series video number two, in this we will discuss about emotions, purchase of plot, our subconscious mind which has been thinking for so many years, we will not talk about emotions, we will not talk much about this aspect and recently and returns through investments.  I will not talk about it, there are some emotions along with a plot. If I talk about them, I will tell you in four emotions in my style of North India, the first thing which the brother who built the house after returning,  She would have cut the Kothi in the city which was fine for Gandhi status symbol, Kachchi Colony, guest Meena village, she would have cut the Kothi on the plot so that the name plate written on it would be written Sangwan Bhawan, Vansh Villa, the name you keep writing like this is not your full name.  The name of the house number is above like this, the name of the parents is my name, as if whatever I write gives the correct answer, I have entered it in all the contacts, so this is a big promotion, I have already got the gender emotion from this. Then I will do the auspicious time, during the auspicious time I will call my relatives and show them that the girl is finally there, look at the doors like you, is there any weakness in the new design, is that psychology or anti, people have seen this thing a lot, it may be yours as well.  Kothi may not have been built for some reason, you must have gone to the auspicious time to read the hand of votes, you have seen that his pride becomes aspirational, this discussion of old stories and emotions was my first point.  This second point is that the family is psychological. Who is the elder in it or who is the head of the family? When he is taking the decision of making my daughter get married, will the marriage procession come or will the daughter-in-law come, then this creation should be created that it will open with such a foot.  There will be some or the other function or those raids will be conducted, but you will remember many times in the old times, that house was built in that manner that yes, this is for your wedding, this is his, this is his, that is the emotional connect today.  I am the reason, I am awakening your emotions, I am telling you this in this way, but this is sitting somewhere in our mind, we used to get attracted towards the plant so quickly, it is happening for investment. This is the season of that marriage and that of my identity, the public will see me that yes, this is mine, this was the second day, this is the third Chutku region, but this is the thread of Diwali, it looks like our house has been covered, there are two or three floors from top to bottom.  Below, be it a wedding function, check Diwali, check anything, he tied the strings, our looks are similar, third tip, it feels very good, some learning is sense for there identity, separately, he knows your latitude, longitude GPS, George increases, he knows. What is Latitude Longitude? So you bought a light clove. This is the earth. Some letter jokes are allowed on it. So that loot is 275. So in that you bought it. That is the feeling from this, okay, these are my girls, this is the point, what is the fourth point, heart is my plot, we will make it as per our wish, this is also a very big thing, okay, it will be torn, applicable for 500 yards plot, no why Telegram Priyanshi, what is happening now, first  The thing is that you have to go to Kothi Gadhi Jaari A floor is being made because whenever it comes to making, Angry Birds Medium is making the same design, how are the gates from outside, a great year because the vehicles  Will be put again upside down, indulged in print here Staircase depending on whether to climb up from here, this is to climb up, everyone's flight 1234 balcony state state now no longer bay Vidhan Bhawan Nirala Bose, then below Verma ji, Bansal ji, Sharma ji and then  Amit ji is fine, so by doing this it is being said above that if the quantity is not there then it will work, not only this, now the girls have to be hired in Diwani, there is someone else's tenant living there but not the owner.  Now you have given some deep importance to four threads, I have to do this, I will put it, someone will put his white or many people women together that we will do the pulling, now we will fry all four on one pan, it is not possible among the brothers, it is possible among the relatives.  This cannot happen among unknown people, it cannot happen in big cities, the story is a love story, even in the photo, the builder has started building the builder floor, so these motions are happening somewhere like this, okay, the matter of auspicious time has become such that time.  have come from  It is true that people also work on the auspicious time, there is no time to go to people and they will also do it Guddu friend, you have made your money, it is very good, okay, so diet is changing, times are changing, now the wedding procession is coming, it is going on.  How many people are coming, how many are staying, daughter-in-law is Jaipur, daughter-in-law wants to stay, you are ready to vote, many things are changing, emotions are changing, we have to realize what historically has kept us going.  Used to attract towards the plot and its release on this day, how much will Mirchi be released because the relevance of security has welcome more is the right maintenance Vikram mode Relevance of you have wings we have quality of life but less and so how many people will be interested in the plot because People's trend will go down, rates will go down, most of the people are creating most of the zone content on YouTube or telling normal things and typing reviews, how to see that?  The rates of the plot have increased from mine to mine, this has increased, that don't support is fine, but you have to see that the thief rates are increasing, they are also increasing for bitcoins, okay, then if the rates are increasing then you should go back, I have to link you up or maybe.  You have bought a big pot and want to live luxuriously, but brother's Jio is running next to you, then what will you do? Here, what brother says, he has taken the license of guest house, got CLU done, there are government policies, so there are guest house programs here.  Ambulatory Fiji's program is going on here, you are a family man sitting in the middle, after doing your auspicious time, you have built a hut in your middle and you will not be able to go. If you understand one thing, then tell me. Now let's talk about small towns.  I do n't know how it feels to speak Kota Shahar in small towns. I don't know if you who are tired after few cities are getting rate of plot but there is no choice, there is nothing else here but in these times to come back clerk clear skin is delayed.  When the people there will have the power, then you will see that you have taken a plot and built it with four floors but your children are coming to Gurgaon for jobs, your children are not getting jobs in Hisar, Bahadurgarh and yours in this book.  Sports in Bhiwani, although still in the mix, I am going to tell in the united serials in the plot, I have put the video for my premium subscribers, now which plot should be taken, where should it be taken, according to which plot, I have put it and end up.  The people of this note  If you did not tell about Gurgaon, then the hint is, do not buy in Gurgaon, brother, it is a very good place, but if you are buying a plot thinking of investment, then I am not saying that the rate will increase, but what else will increase in the rate, how will it increase and who will benefit?  It will be active because it is promoted and it will become my next video. In this one I have only put emotions that those emotions are no longer valid because when the plots  The size friends have made is 150 yards, they will be below this, in this you cannot make anything as per your wish, their stand pattern is in Deendayal, you will get a plot of 100 yards, many people are taking chances anywhere. They should not be taken, I will cover that in the next series, so in the church, you cannot make anything as per your wish, there will be two rooms at the back, one bathroom like this, a kitchen, there is not much 84. Your wish will not work in that, so you have to  have to see  Those emotions which were valid at one time, you bought your land and built a mosque, when money came, you built another one, when your family grew, brother, you built a floor, built a room, built a room in the front, built a courtyard at the back, this is for parking the car.  Because right now even if you build anything inside the plot, it would take the entire car like a flight, it is like your garden is the kitchen garden, no one is taking such a big plot, so this heave to see first thing was my first video. Those who can buy beach plot  Be it, 90% of the people who are employed cannot buy a plot because they do not have that much salary, only inheritance money or old money, luck, they have a lot of alternative incomes coming in big cities, on which I will understand in different ways that Vedas. If you know about investment then I will tell you in this video and All About Emotions. Write to me in the comment section with the release of Kitna Identify. Or if you like it then you will subscribe to the channel. If you are watching for the first time and if you have not seen the first part then you will watch it. Thank you.