Hello friends, two things happened to me today, I got two messages, one was complimentary and one was a little confusion. The first complimentary message was that the writer wrote that some situation happened in his house with some acquaintance, then his wife told him that  Send this video of mine, I will be a great actor for them, I am very happy to hear this, my MB is to make so many videos in such a like situation that if someone is in a smack situation then one  This is a readymade template, it will make all the situations in their life better, so there is no guarantee, but you have started something and the second message that came to me, I have to make this video because of that, the message was that I have requested you.  After subscribing to my channel, he said, yes, come to my channel, you tell me about real estate, so I have to make this channel because of the video of my channel, it is not about real estate topic that I am coming.  Will get what I want to tell Four Pillars of Wood Like these channels on Four Pillars of Living Now Good Night First of all I speak Home This is physical acid Physical house You need a house of your own name to make life better Whatever is your life style stage  Yes, in that asset class, you will find this second figure of Pune's pade, which I believe is a house, then the relationships of its houses, all the members of the house come, separate videos will be made on them.  And how to deal with them, they have become how to deal with a difficult boss, how to start a domestic misra and electronic relationship, how to break up between son-in-law and daughter-in-law, video on that, on children, many people have operated on it, that second.  The third pillar is money. If you need money for both these things, then my money minded series has already made 10 videos on it. I will make many more on this. Now you can watch these 10 videos by playing.  Jacket in the list and this is the total time of 10 out of 10. You should think that the time is less than this, you can also show it to the children, it will become a good paste for them, especially those who are 16 17 18 19 20 21 year old children.  They will get a good paste within two and a half to three hours. Money minded series has been made, whereas the feeling of non-violence is the fourth pillar of mine. Use context, I have written their names in a separate play list, they will give clarity on the day of clarity, so now I have told what has happened to me, what I am planning in the future, in which you have to help me in that. You will tell me which topic and how to take it with roti, before that I will request those of me who are already subscribers to please add one, two or three more subscriptions in your house so that  I can cross the thousand mark and ask main questions because right now I am doing it on another platform, it goes from being a mere reader to a failed background, someone joins Lead, someone does Ali, the question is not cleared, someone faces internet issue.  The benefit of the live session on YouTube will be that everyone is typing that question, it may be yours too, after crossing a thousand subscribers, 50 to 100 people will gather on that topic at any time. The end status is this. Will ask questions which may be your questions too, so that is my biggest next ball. I have reached very close to him now but I request whoever is watching this video to give me two or three subscribers in the next one, two or three days. You please get it so that if I leave it standing there till next Sunday, then I can start with my life, the topic on which I will make a video and I can do the rest too, I will tell you something, first my business is listed on you. So my next videos that I have planned are the ones that fit me back and the questions come on them, I have edited them for 1 hour, that is, the video show is good, but the hours are planet, one is the first winner, fruit vs society flat, a lot on this.  Appreciation and I have very good content and reasoning on this. One topic is that the builder should take the flashlight, in which four storey houses are built for a day, take that one on some plot, take this one in the society, what decision has to be taken now, and then my forever later.  Copies  After selling the education, I will make a very retail pack of 5 to 6 minutes and cover the clear advantages and disadvantages of it. Third, it will be important. Tension free state theaters are very important. One is the loading. Many people think that  They know about it but I feel like it is set on vacation and there is a different guest of notice which people don't know. Okay, so that loading one will be covered in that, I will cover that one on Tasty.  And its important is the third cover proof of inventory and if so then this will be a video of mine. In the fourth video I will make to vote physical properties one how to make by 20 feet so I have done that people can watch my old 45 videos which are well received and real.  You can see what we have already done in the state but in the future I will look at checking rough properties on How to Get so that if you go that way then your chances of making a mistake are very less.  I have told the five mistakes that people make, now I am going to tell you how to do it, now in this video I will cover how to take cancer, after that there will be a next topic, the fifth one, which I will do.  I would like to know how to do when they do not know the property. First you want to buy or sell. There is a matrix of valuation that you should know whether this property is located in a market. How much are people talking about it?  Keep investing less, I am investing more. You should know that to arise 150, plus minus is back which is yours and then I will send a very interesting message, how to carrier Ulta Properties Atul, you have to buy in your stomach, how is that meeting held?  Karna Chipra is interesting, such videos are not on YouTube, you will not find this content anywhere, this is my request to everyone, please increase my subscriber base, like this video. Spread it because this thread will be liked, would like to comment about which one is needed and how is it needed, so I have a moral that earlier, whenever I used to watch Mushairas etc., I used to say this again and again, and if you believe me, then read this.  I used to tell myself about the work at the station and I used to think, 'Did you hear the poem daughter? Keep it in the conversation after the line. Now I am sensitive to the situation, so now I have the confidence that I get the energy and moral and motivation to do it.  There is a lot of content, the reason for the low subscriber base is that there is nothing on the YouTube channel, it is doing very well, but my mission is to subscribe Khushi Vinayak Sen Literacy and Clarity. If you guys help me in that, then this is the list.  I will keep a line, told a few topics, although there are many more, it is a very long journey, just tell me about those who are in my near future, my second topic will be on career, I will focus on kids career first.  I will talk about what is happening to them in the market too. These many people have been in the country for three years, two years, four years. I am sitting in the market and meeting people. There are officials in the company for different works at different levels.  They get irritated with me, I am very clear that I will make a video on what I want on this day and I still want to do something, I can do something, some people can do whatever you want from me, but I would like to destroy my hands on this to give a relative.  Because in the market you  You will see that a lot of such motivational work is going on in many places on this YouTube channel. Because of this, if you say one line, some dreams are not the big ones which you take while sleeping, the dreams are big which do not let you sleep. Now  I felt very good to hear it and people mean Baba, then what is the tag actress in this, if you can put it very good, it is like ladies go to satsang, I felt good to hear this, Ipad, but for one hour in life, after coming home, in the name of husband.  Name of daughter-in-law mentioned Local Free for Ka So I am Trying to Position Myself in Such a Clarity Home of Notes of Motivational Guru and Something in a Higher Pedestal Aa Hi I Am One Man  I want to take you guys along with me. Its four pillars are: It is not only are listed think, it is not money thing, this is not only vote. Relationship British Got Everything in the family If you watch Adventure Family and my videos, like, you get feedback, connect the pipe, connect the children, because in the toe toilet, when you all will come on one page and add the parents also, that's my  The video of the person dividing the property, many people have followed me on that, the things that the person dividing the property said, Mukesh is not able to say to his parents or to his fans and we believe that this  It should be like that, we have forwarded that video and those people also gave us the opinion that yes brother, this is true, so if this video can turn on such situations in this life, then that video of my property which I have made money on.  From nine to nine that money is midnight how to divide properties between siblings spread it if you haven't seen it yet then watch it I will put a tree in this too so this one will be mine only in the second job I have a lot of questions in the job  Come  There are some government institutions in which people live separately, they are 100% happy in it, the one who is close to me regarding voluntary retirement, why make a video on them, then I will make a video on them also, Voluntary Retirement, if you want to take operation by a government civil surgeon.  The book is a process that you have to mentally credit so that the transmission becomes smooth, happens with quality, happens with confidence, there is a lot of light in it.  Changes are coming, what was there a year or two ago, the template upvote edit has changed, if I pour it on someone's hot pan, first do not pour cold water on the hot pan, do n't do this, don't do it like this, the procedure has changed a little bit.  Late practice has changed, you will have to click on a little template, there is still a possibility in that you will connect with me through that video and when do you want that video, you can comment about it in the comment box.  If you can also put it then I would like to do it on Voluntary Retirement, then firstly I would like to do the report about your children on warrant, thirdly I would like to do it about the career of the ladies who are working, is there a teacher in a government school?  She is a government teacher, she is engaged in government service, the ascendant is not about her, it is about those who are ready for it, the children have grown up and she is a housewife and  They think what work will they do, if they don't want to take up the job, then what work is possible for them? How can they earn money or can multiple different scenes be generated? Their talent is expensive, so how can their time be used better? Maybe I will make two-three videos on this also, so as you are understanding my video now and have not subscribed, please subscribe and press the bell notification because from the video you will get your  You will put it from the side because for many years one type of video comes to you, you are not interested in tight butt, I told you that Bhupesh is best in this, if you do not like one vegetable then there is a second or third one of every type which you have with this.  Praise the one but I would like to do this one, then comes money money stamp by cutting on tools because there is a number because it is a carpenter then schools go to sleep to work in the same way to take money decisions that our mind  There should be some tools which we can extract and the tools make it easier for us and our decision making, then Money Mindset has prepared the base, so I am ordering all the videos of these channels and I am placing them on this template.  I am telling you that you will see my old videos, the understanding of the people who have seen my old videos is very good, in my videos there is always some best from the old videos, so in isolation, people are watching each other because of this disease.  But they should go to the play list and watch the video of that series or related to it. In every video, I try to put the one related to it in the notification somewhere, in the description, I will put the screen which you will put in it and the fourth one is mine.  Regarding spirituality, I will not be practical in spirituality right now, I do not do any fanfare, spirituality is very important in life, but spirituality is necessary for the person who is living his earthly life to do it. In Roti-Kapda-Makan Hansen Festival, everyone should go shopping because spirituality is found either by going to the forest or your everything is found till taken care, everything is not to give, everything is automated, then this fourth one I will do about spirituality and  From tomorrow onwards the videos will start going on their own topics. My only request to you is to write on which topics you want and send it to me.  Like subscribe because then I will make him sick also, it will give you an internal explanation on topics. Thank you Maz