Hello friends, let's take the job series forward, today I will tell four-five very useful things to those doing private jobs and those doing corporate jobs, definitely watch this video, you will get to know a lot in it, which is the current status, people connect differently from me, let's say.  Basically there is some Jaleshwar stress in the consultation, in this regard, the manager has taken the job, do I tell him, has the culture of this drama started, why is he picking up these four or five?  It's six years old, is n't it? It's mine, it's not 15 years old. So what's happening in it. People have been working in Table Corporation Table Form Form [Music] You were working at a small level in a big company, which is a level below relative manager. You were working on it, a startup came to you, you got a big fan, your credit definition is the reason why people should do more, it is better to be a senior manager manager in a big company than having some BPL in a startup, you have to see that  You are set up in a big company, everything is new, so shouldn't you go along with yourself, you are not married, your body is full of strength, you can work day and night, it is possible that you will get crores of rupees.  The listing is useless and that much is on the line, we have never had any experience in Corporation India, much less a startup, now it will take the country forward, all the children should make their own rounds, we are married [Music] What is the culture?  Joe Initial Joe  People leave him and he is his friend. She was a top management student and she is younger than you. In the beginning, you think that it's okay, I do it too and later it starts hurting a lot.  So I will bring this thing and it will be more visible but you can see one of your buttons and go and extract the juice of sugarcane with a lot of force, maybe if the work life balance of your life gets disturbed, then they do other work in their company than the one above 1. what is yours  I have seen that there are many who get all the work done by them, takes the credit themselves, NDA is the cause of a lot of pain and I am telling you this number, it is not that 3 people talked to me and I came and made a video, no.  Code number 808 Video Please, you are listening to the audio, you must be experiencing all this or have ever done it, please write in the comment section, what I am telling you about the second thing, then you must have some kind of jugaad, there must be a network that if I had to leave my job due to some reason, so I will be able to find another job exit route. Just like you, when you go in I, you become a mother. What happens whenever you do a job, you don't leave your old job and fight. Don't come out with a fight, it's okay, come out peacefully, come out with respect Under-14 tune Brijesh Inke Agar Aap Kahan Par Ho Main Toh Achcha Tha Achcha Utne Bhi Knew [Music] Real Life of the People in ODI Comment 11324 I want to tell you, are you okay now, okay, the pain of job is a pain in job, Guruji comes to remove it, do meditation, tell me some mantras, I tell them in Gayatri Mantra, do n't run away from that pain, we will give you what is the meaning of this device given.  We are having pain, it hurts, we go to the doctor and he doesn't give us medicine, it is very good to have fever, it is also good to have fever in the body from time to time because the system of the body is a project, you have a job etc., I don't discuss about it.  You ran away from the pain of your job, so you can never go to ease that pain. Today was my child's birthday, I did not get time off, today I had to take my daughter to see the doctor, I could not go today, something about my wife.  If you have not been able to do it, your stand is to fill it, when he does, the day your pain will increase due to compulsion, job, job, locate, Annie, just give me the address, how to leave the job, make a 10 minute video about quitting, and India should leave the job and sit down.  People are standing in line How to say about taking a job, leave the job and leave it, is it very difficult to take a job, do a job, those who are connected to me are connected to me, whoever comes, join me, I am bringing something special for you because many times  What happens to children, they understand very well, I will tell them, I want to tell them that life has just come, I was talking to a boy from Delhi, he should do computer science, whoever is fine, Singh has got such a good placement in computer science. Indian packages worth 110 rupees  Took 11.2 first, when will the form come? [Music] Whatever demand Mandvi has, she will play out a little in two, three, four years, so don't buy big cars with what you are getting now.  Don't buy it if you are getting a very good opportunity to get freedom early today, this is the type of passive income which will give you money every month and Shobha, don't go, don't show anyone that my  My friend is getting a job in a package [Music] Just think, it is possible that after 4 years you may lose your job, there is no growth in that company of yours, your salary has increased a lot and the sun has come out, I am also all  Agar Cow Bull Comment Katni Aur Taaste End Corporate Life Meri Meri You tell me how many people agree to it, it comes to you and you are eligible to go to senior management, if that person is on the Rajdhani track career, which is the right of Rajdhani, isn't it the one who is fast?  Everything goes on, everyone learns ahead of it [Music] It's your life, I talk to people every day, you should consider corporate life as 45hp, you should work till winter falls and what should be done, how should it be done, shock slowly after seeing it.  I will give mantra, I will give ideas, but I will only give ideas, but you have to write in the comment section in love that these four things which were told to you, how much do you miss from the office, how much value added to it and very lovely comments like  Coming to a lot of videos, I really feel like coming and covering different experts, touching people's lives, developing different facts, sharing this video in your friend circle, taking care of these 4 things which are important for money.  Earning a lot Drink Careful Road Extrapolated My party like this will last for 40 years Thank you