That Hello friends, Naukri series is a very popular series, I have brought its next video, in the Naukri series, I want to tell this, this is the beginning of my Naukri series, do not leave the job, many people are thinking that you should leave the job, very easy brother job. Today, this is a clarification video that till now, in all the videos of my job series, the person who does a nine to five job is not far away. This message is being given under social media, it is possible that of my videos  Through this too, a clear message has been given that the people doing the job are idiots, job is a bad thing, I call the people who spend a lot of blood and sweat in the job as idiots, I don't call the people doing the job idiots, there is a very subtle difference, today I am going through a clarification video.  I want to tell you that all of you who are employed are very lucky people in this world. People are standing in queues for jobs, so this is not the opinion of leaving the job so soon.  Think, more than leaving the job, we want to leave our boss and this environment. If the shirts of well-mannered people are also well- mannered, then there is a need to leave the job. Till the time the well-mannered people are workers, we also enjoy the salary. Work, talk, go. We too have a problem. Want to leave feedback toxicity, these videos of mine will now come in the job series and whatever is there till now, you have to deal with Sports City and whatever work you want to do.  If you want to leave the job and do that work, you can start it quietly even while working. Is it a pilot project in your wife's name or a private lab? You can test your capability. It sounds very good. He is very good at his work. It's like this even in work, then he comes to realization, it was good, okay, not only this, today's job was good, I left it, did my work, did not get any success in it, got stressed and went to the job again and the same.  We will go to the position, it is not normal, so there is no need to do it, I am telling you, slowly, slowly, start doing something on your own. When you ask, 'I should leave the job, what else should I do?' You are not ready, you are not.  Be ready to be very clear that I want to listen to ask what I want to do, then this is where you do not have the capability because you will start doing what you want to do, many people have this  Keep sending messages, do it that way, it can be done easily. Those who are in government jobs also have wives. See the idea of wives. You can do that thing in the name of wives. It is not necessary to put your name and photo everywhere, it is a pipe.  You have the same color anti, you can do any work in his name, big or small, whatever you were asking, if he starts getting better, starts earning in it, starts becoming successful, starts enjoying and then you feel that from now on  the income that comes She can equal my Singham and if I leave here and enter into it full time then it will increase further. Test will help you in decision making in this transaction tax 325 in this very very dynamic world which you are thinking.  It may be that I will go out and do it and it will take time for you to leave that job, then Baba, if you leave the job and reach out on time, then what you were thinking will not be valid any longer, this can also happen and  10 lakh children are coming to the market every month, Niti Aayog's cage in the market, this too will figure out something like what you were thinking and they will have more glasses which you can see, there are 40 cafes inside it, so it is not very easy.  If you can answer, then continue your chakli in the back, but the chakli which is grinding with such force, then you can do it a little in a black way, you can live a little, this has to be broken that I  If I participate on trade mill then I have to 12km mutually different I do brother let's go on Champcash live on rediffmail do n't reach anyway s you want to reach anywhere in the library subscribe on Thursday in school ok so that sexual black abs festival  The job serial videos that I have seen in this video, if you haven't seen them then please watch them. Connect the dots. Those who take my videos at hospital and face value, that's it, this is this.  It is not like this, it is deep brother, but I do not come and speak in every video because I myself will go to Delhi to subscribe. I am not told that this does not happen, but as a content creator, if I feel the need, I can do this even for a job and in the last  You can also do crores of jobs and in the end you can never even think of doing one and by mixing and subscribing, there is no need to fast the body in that thing, if you are not on the treadmill then you can find yourself in a relaxed walking track.  But if you are going then you can edit also in keep thinking, okay then it is a very subtle thing, do the job in relax, I will add it in the upcoming videos, if you get good likes and Akshay comments on this, then now I will give you a hand.  I will start and then I will also start telling a little openly that how to do it while working, it is very difficult to get a job, do not leave yourself so soon, before leaving it, you should know how to build many platforms, you have been working for 20 years.  Were Took two trips to Europe, changed four cars, barely took one flat, took a loan on that too and it is going away and you want to leave, you can't leave, the answer is, you can't leave, okay, you will have a job for 24-25 years.  Your child is going to eligible graduation. There is opposition in 11th and 12th. Want a situation. Both father and son are bad. Father and daughter are going to leave the job. If even that is not available in the market then it is not.  It's very simple but I will tell you the solution step by step, it's very simple but it will not be easy, it's like to become thin, it's a very simple thing to do, eat less and pay more, it's simple, there is no video, it's okay  For those of you who want to be thin, if you have released it, it is very simple but it works in the same way, I will tell you the solution, so please, how did you like my video?  Please tell me if you haven't seen the videos yet, please watch the videos of the job. Those who are able to see, call me on WhatsApp and like me and I am in your mind, you come to know in life and when you meet others, you ask others and ask.  By asking and asking he knows everything but till you do n't know from inside, this is the question paper of which you have also found out, you have gone to your right, it has to come from within only, to come from within, that person is the second light and can provide clarity  That eureka moment of that thing will be yours and the day you get eureka, you will not ask what to do. Thank you you are you.