Hello friends, in this video I am going to tell you some things about the channel, there will be not many subscribers, add, if anyone asks me that I have Reliance, if you have not seen my old videos, then now I will tell you all through screen recording.  I want to share that how many videos have been watched on my channel, how many play lists are there and on the membership page which is also available on platinum members, there are many gold mine type videos on it, so I would like to tell about that thing.  So that the audience knows how to go to the home page, the video playlist, how is this membership, what is the join button, what is visible, then I will show about it, in that you have to go to the top of the screen and see that when you press the button, What is the navigation system which will contact you, I have recorded it, I want to share it with you guys, please watch it, if you watch any video on my thank you channel, then after that  Where it is next to Join, Twenty-20 Subscribers, that is its own line, if you press on it, you will go to a different page, Sangola Sutra is written, so now it will come here, you will see it, Home is Videos, Play List is there.  There are different communities, so if you click on the videos on it, then you will get to see the videos of the channel. Now these videos are very many, very good, they are of different types but they have been expressed in the right way. Inside the list, next to the videos, you will see the playlist, answer is playlist, then you will go down on multi, playlist will come like real estate education series, money mindset series, so there are different videos in it, tips and living life, you consider giving.  Him S Clarity Hai 10 Videos Marital Series Vah Popular Chali Hai Tera Videos 121 Cities And Discussed Were In Uske Aapke Different City Ke Agar Aapke Kaam Ka City Hai In Uske  You will get a preview if you have clarity on choosing a career, then by doing this there are different multiple channel playlists, its membership is this page, symbol of platinum members, have taken membership, separate videos are played for them on how to take membership, I will tell you in a little while.  I will tell you these are my topics, you are able to see like I have also launched a related course, 15 videos have also come, there are 727 total videos from which,  Versus bike, there are some benefits of it - if the target is pan then this real estate course is going on, there are 727 small videos inside it and the rest which is the recording of my destruction is also installed separately and the one which teaches in formula race is also there.  You will get to see that and in this you will also get to see my webinars on astrology or some such topics like location one and look.  If we do not see which of those factories in the location of the factor, then it is as if science was giving its video number to the real estate, then the video of the inventory of Changing Mindset and Real Estate Dwarka Expressway has been posted, it is very good, okay, so those who want to take it safely.  You can take membership, this was very popular, I covered it in the video from the opposite side, it is of one hour and 17 minutes, so in the rest, I have explained my golden questions very well. Videos, this is my request to those who are already platinum members, now it will go in one plate, you will get to see all the videos, now if the body wants to take membership, then how can it take it? If any of my videos come, you will be seen joining it. Where you can press the button, if you press Join, it will take you to that payment gateway, how can you join there, those who have Apple iPhone, that is separately from me.  If you can comment then this intro video will come, play it, what one drops you get in it, when you press this plane, then what will be the benefit of becoming a membership in it, this video is of 3 minutes forty seven seconds video, in this I told  Is there anything that can be beneficial for me, so you can join it in that way, you can take platinum membership, anyone who will take platinum membership can connect me, Telegram group platinum members  is running separately, so like what this, you will enjoy seeing from which videos thank you